Master Kaecilius.This ritual will only bring grief to you.Hypocrite!The last challenge, Billy.- Come on, Billy, do not joke. - No, Doctor."Feels So Good" Lagu
Chuck Mangione tahun .- Geez Billy, do mempersulitnya. - Famous song in .No, Billy "Feels So Good" reached the top of the charts in ,This album was released in December .- No, according to Wikipedia it ... - Check again.- It's not important information. - Not important?The man became famous for reaching the top of the charts with flugelhornnya.- Yeah right, Billy? - In .Geez. You bitch.Really good, right?Let me deal with this, Stephen. Your job is done. Go we'll take care of it.- What is wrong? - His condition is still stable.It was a miracle he was still alive. He was still breathing when the brain is not functioning.He could have suffered respiratory failure because of this.I think I found the problem Dr. Palmer.- You left a bullet in his head. - Thank you. In the medulla oblongata.I need a specialist. Nick diagnosed that the brain is already dead.- Because I think there's something wrong here. - Come on, quickly.- Dr. Vest? What are you doing? - Taking her organs, her donor organ.Wait a minute.- I do not agree with it. - I do not need your opinion. His brain is dead.It's too early. Must prepare cranial surgical procedures.- I will not let dissect dead. - Look?- Ammunition? - Right, bullet.The pressure is getting stronger with the presence of lead and antimony.Toxic metals. And that leads directly into the brain fluid.- It makes no functioning central nervous. - We have to go.He's not dead, he's dying. Do mencuru organ.- I can help. - No. Dr. Palmer will help me.thanks.- Visualization now. - We have no time for it.- You can not do it manually. - Sure I can.Now is not the time for jokes.And what do you think that says he died  minutes ago?Kranialnya not been damaged nerves.Dr. Vest, get rid tangamu hours.You do not need to embarrass him in front of everyone.He can not even save patient.- Sometimes I can not help it. - Nick was a good doctor.- But you came to me. - Yes, I need another opinion.You've got it. All you need is a competent opinion.That's why I rely neurosurgeon like.- You can make a lot of changes. - I can work at home jagalmu.I just connect the severed spinal fluid,and then stimulates neurons in the central nervous system.My job is to save thousands of people in the years to come.In the ER, we saved a drunk idiot with a gun.Yes you're right. We saved a lot of lives.There was no praise, no interview on CNN.Looks like I have to meet with Nick.- Wait a minute. You're not ...? - What?Sleep together? Sorry, I cringe to think about it.Of course not. I have...... Rules are very strict with my colleagues.- Is it true? - I call it "Strange rules".I'm happy if there is something which bears my name.I who discovered the method laminectomy.And no one wants to call it 'Strange Method'.- We are discovering this method, - I am very flattered to hear that your rules.I will attend the speech tonight with a group of neuroscientists. Come with me.There was another speech again? It's romantic.I hope you want to come to events like that with me.- That is fun. -No! Exciting think.It's not about us, but dirmu.- I do not want that. - Yes. Stephen. Everything about you.Maybe we could combine. 'Strange-Palmer Method'.Palmer-Strange.Billy, there is news?There was an air force colonel  years old,with lung damage, fortunately he uses protective vests.Graph lungs pressure is above average.Yes, I can help, as well as others.Find something fits with my time.There is a -year-old woman with a serious brain tumor.You want to ruin the record sempurnamu? Better not.What about women  years to install electronic implant in his brain ...... To control schizophrenia because the light?That is interesting.Can you send ... Good.Hello.It is okay. Everything will be alright.What are they doing?They mengangkutmu by helicopter. It takes time to find you in the car.Fatal moment which makes almost suffered nerve damage in the car.What are they doing? steel needles stuck in your bones.Ligamenmu damaged.Serious damage to the nerves in your hands.We dissect it for  hours.Look at this.Nobody can do it well.I could do it better.Yes. Allow time for the healing of your body.You're crushing me.How long the recovery Dr. Strange?Network to recover faster. Probably faster.Prepare the radial artery surgical procedures.Impossible.The experiment was costly, or may be impossible.All I need is a possibility.Lift.Lift.Show your strength.- It's useless. - It was not in vain. You can do it.Answer the question, during a lecture ...... Have you ever met anyone who suffered fatal nerve damage can do this ...- And healed? - Ever. There was one person.The accident at the factory, spinal cord is damaged, paralyzed, his legs did not work.His shoulders hurt because pushing a wheelchair.It happens three times a week. One day she stopped coming.I thought he died.A few years later, he passed me in the street.- He walks? - Yes, he's walking.Nonsense. Give me his file.Until I get the archives ...... You have to prove kearoganmu first.Can?I've been reviewing all of your research, I read all the documents ...... You sent, but it never works.I do not know if you realize just how serious the damage was.- Then I ...
 - At least I've tried.I understand. That's the problem.- What you do is impossible, Stephen. - No kidding.- I had to keep my reputation. 
- Wait a minute.- I can not help. - No, wait!There are!You do not succeed.It's futile.There is a new procedure in Tokyo. With increased donor cell ...... And then they collect and print the cells in D. If I get a loan ...Stephen...- Loans , ... - Stephen.You always spend whatever to make you live,But now you're willing to spend money that even you do not have.Maybe it's time you stopped to think about it.Now is not the time to stop,You see? I did not improve!But this is not about treatment. It is obsessed name.There are some things that can not be repaired.- Life without a job ... - You're still alive.This is not the end. Still there are other things that can make your life meaningful.Like what? You?It will do you regret later.Up to you.Well, I never want to see keegoisanmu own.- It's too hard for you, right? - Yes, right.My heart breaks if you like this.- Do not feel sorry for me. - I do not pity you.Oh, yes? Why are you here?Brought cheese and wine as if we would go on a picnic?We're not friends, Christine. We are also not lovers.You like a sad story, is not it? What do you want me to tell?"Stephen Strange poor with social burden. Eventually I needed it.""Got another burden on the improvement of personality.""You're trying to fix it and get up again with a happy heart."You're so concerned about that, right ?!Good-bye, Stephen.THIS MEAN.Pangborn J, therapy Time: //. Metropolitan Hospital.Let's break! Where is the competition?Do not talk too much.Jonathan Pangborn, spinal cord damage.- Who are you? - Paralyzed from the chest down.The second arm partially paralyzed.- I do not know you. - I'm Stephen Strange.I neurosurgeons, once.Of course I know you.I've come to your office, you refused menanganiku.I will never forget your assistant.- You're paralyzed patients. - You do not believe in miracles, right?Kesembuhanmu impossible.I also was looking for a way that I can recover.Pangborn, you want to play or not?Good.I gave up my body.The only thing that I thought was mengakhirnya.So I follow the rules.I met the holy women.The stranger who took me to the top of the mountain to meet the saints.And finally, I found my teacher.That lifts the mind and soul deeper.- And somehow ...- You're cured? - Yes.There is no secret about that I learned,But I do not know what power can make me accept them.I decided to accept keajaibanku and return.The place you are looking for so-called room-Taj.- But it is expensive. - How many?I do not mean money.Good luck.Give me the ball!KATHMANDU, NEPALExcuse me. Rooms Taj?Do you know where the room-Taj?Treatment of the Himalayas! Find peace! Look who you are!Rooms Taj?Room-TajOK.- I have no money. - Clock hands.- No. Do not. I just got this. - Watch your hands.Good.You're looking for a room-Taj?Are you serious? We come to the right place?It seems a little more like Room-Taji?I was once like you.I used to be no respect.I can give some advice?Forget all that you have in mind.Good.This temple chaired a teacher, namely The Ancient One.The Ancient One? Who's real name?Good. Forget all I think about. Sorry.Thank you...I'm just not used to it.Thank you...Hello.thanks.I thank you.-Thank You, Ancient One for having permitted me. - You are welcome.- Ancient One. - Thank you, Master Mordo.Thank you, Master Hamir.Tn. Strange.- Doctors, actually. - Apparently not so.That's why you come here? You've been through a lot of surgery.- Seven-time operation, right? - Yes.- The tea was delicious. - Yes.What do you heal a man named Pangborn? Patients paralyzed?- It seems so. - You make it run again?Ya.How can you repair the spinal cord between steps C and C?I had to do. He can not walk.I am sure I can.Jangan bilingual itu psychosomatic?When you reconnect the nerve to break up, how do you connect it to the body?- With a cell. - Cells in shape to form specific tissues are damaged.Correct.What if your body can ...... Fix itself in a different way?You mean cell regeneration?It was the most innovative medical technology.That's what you're doing here? Because there is no medical procedure?Can you explain this eksperimentalmu treatment?Calm down.You've found a way to regenerate nerve cells themselves?No, Mr. Strange.I know how to reorient the spirit so that the body could be better.- Spirit in the body? - Yes.OK. How to do it? Where do we start?- You do not like the map? - That is good. I've never seen.In the souvenir shops.How about this one?- Acupuncture, good. - Is it true?- How about this one? - It was like there. I can not believe.Each sheet of the map that are interesting things that can not be seen as a whole person.I spent all my money to come here,And you tell me about healing through faith?You're someone who sees the world only through the keyhole.You spend your whole life just to extend the keyhole,to see everything, to know everything. If you know a lock could be in view,in ways that were impossible to think, then you rejected.No, I reject it because I do not believe in fairy tales of fantasy, energy or power of faith.There are no matters relating to the spirit!We are made of matter and nothing more.No more than one point in the universe.- You have to see it for yourself. - You think I would believe it?But not so. Because I can read what people like you!- What did you just do? - I encourage your spirit out of your body.Is that some kind of EA? Psilocybin? LSD?It's just tea ...... With a little honey.- What happened? - At that time, you get into the astral dimension.- What? - The time when the spirit separates from the body.- Why are you doing this to me? - To show you everything that is not you know.Open your eyes.Shit! No!No, no! What happened?It's not real!Rapid heartbeat can be dangerous.You do not think anything.Do you know how this world works?Do you think the universe is nothing more than substance?What is real?The mystery of what is hidden beyond the senses?On the ground of being, mind and matter meet.Which eventually form the reality.This universe is just one of a number of instruments.World without end.There are generous and give life.The other, full of hate and hunger.There is a dark place where there is a lying, greedy ...I am waiting.Who are you in this vast universe, Tn. Strange?Have you ever seen it in a souvenir shop?Teach me.No.No!No, no, no!No! Open the door! Please!Thank you, Master.Am I wrong because out?After five hours, he was still at the front door.He's got the power.Stubborn, arrogant, ambitious. I've never met anyone like that before.Kaecilius remind you, right?I do not want to teach students like that again,then drove into the darkness.You do not lose me. I want the power to defeat the enemy.You gave me the strength to defeat evil.I live according to the laws of nature.We never get rid of the demons, Mordo.We learn how to survive on their face.Kaecilius still have books in stole.If he can learn it, it could be the undoing of us all.Or maybe in the future.Perhaps the Taj rooms need people like Strange.Do not let me out.I had no destination anymore.thanks.Bed.Beristirahatlah.Meditate ...... If you can.The Ancient One told me to convey to you.What is this? A mantra?Password wi-fi.We are not a violent man.Time will tell how much I love you. - Christine -The language of the Mystic Arts, an area of ​​this civilization.Spirit of yore, usually call this spell.But if you think this word inaudible modern ...... You could call it a "program".A piece of code that make up reality.We control the energy,drawn out into another dimension of the universe,to make the dimension ...... A shield,and also weapons,to create a miracle.But I can not even do that because of my finger,hands will just be like waving in the air.How do I do like you?How can you connect the human nervous ...... Who broke up last longer work?By learning and practicing well over the years.Hello.- Mr. Strange. - Enough Stephen alone.- And you are? - Wong.Wong.Only Wong? Like Adele?Or Aristotle.Drake. Bond.Eminem.The Book of the Invisible Sun.Anomalous astronomers.Imperium code.Key of Solomon.- You read all this? - Yes.- Come with me. - Good.Which is only for the Master,only with my permission, others can not use it.You have to start from the bottom.How Sansekertamu language?I usually use google translator.Vedic, Sanskrit classics.What's that?The private collection The Ancient One.It was forbidden?Seeking knowledge is not banned in-room Taj. It was just for practice.These books have a very advanced knowledge to those who are interested in him.There are pages torn here.It is a book of Cagliostro. Knowledge about the weather.One of the rituals slabs stolen by former Master.Si fanatik Kaecilius.He attacked the previous librarian,then cut off his head.Now I will keep these books.So if there is an attempt to steal it again, I would know.And he will die before leaving this place.What happens if I am late to return it?What are the penalties? Mutilation, perhaps?Many thought I was funny.- What is it going to work for you? - OK.Outstanding-talk could converse with you. Also on the books and the gruesome story ...I'll keep it, my life at stake.Now we have the power to destroy those who betrayed us.Those who control the world.Master of the Mystic Arts has a ring,can make us to explore multi universe.You just need to focus.Visualisasikan.See the goal in your mind.Look at the world a much d before you.Imagine every detail.Get a clear picture, quick and easy ...It will make way for you.Stop.Can I have a word with Mr. Strange?Certain.- My hands. - It's not about your hands.How can this not because my hand?Master Hamir.Thank you, Master Hamir.You must not only follow the current course.You must relinquish control of your courage, and use its power for you.Control by letting go of control? It did not make sense.- Nonsense. - Not everything should be reasonable.Intelligence has seized life,otherwise it will mterus mengasaimu.Give it up, Stephen.Soothe your ego ...And strength will appear.Follow me.- Where is this? - Everest.- So beautiful. - Yes, you're right, this is beautiful. , Icy, but great.Iceberg frozen.At this temperature, humans can only survive  minutes ...- ... Before finally experiencing organ failure. - Correct.But you may experience a shock in the first two minutes.- What? - Give it up Stephen.No!- How novice us? - See you later.A few seconds from now.No, do not do it again.Maybe I should ...- Stephen. - Wong.- What do you want, Strange? - Books about astral projection.- You're not ready for it. - Trust me, Beyonce.Come on. You know him. He is a famous artist.Do you ever laugh?Come on, give her book.No.Formerly, in this room, you're begging me to teach.Now I'm going to ask you in every time of learning so that you can learn on their own.I n this room, you told me to open my eyes.Just stupid of me according to the rules unreasonable.As regulations in the library?- Wong betrayed? - Your ability to expand rapidly.You need a safe place to practice matranya.You are now in a mirror dimension.You're there but unseen.The real world does not affect anything that happens here.Use dimensional mirror for practice, reflection,Sometimes also to neutralize the threat.You do not want to be stuck here without sling-ring.Wait. What do you mean "threat"?Learn about the infinite nature ...... Also includes studying the endless dangers.If I tell you all, and you're not ready, you're going out of here with fear.What do you know about it?No one knows exactly what.I know is he was never told of his past.You follow it even if you do not know who he is?I know him so fast, and I do not think them.Cruel, but good.Because of him, I could be like this.Believe in your teacher.- Do not cheat. - As Kaecilius?Correct.You know him.When she came to us, she lost everything she loved.He was grieving, poor man.Looking for answers about Mystic Arts.He's smart schoolgirl, her proud, stubborn.He doubted the Ancient One, and we reject teachings.He left the room-Taj.Supporters follow like sheep.Seduced by false doctrines.- He stole the forbidden ritual, right? - Yes.What are the do?There is no longer a question.- Meaning? - That is the question.It is a relic.Some miracle is too strong to be avoided, you must specify the object.Sometimes it can absorb the energy that we do not expect.This is a stick ...... The Living Tribunal.There are many relics.Use it as easy as ...... Like a foot.It's easy to say, right? When can I get it?- When you're ready. - I'll definitely be ready.You'll be ready when you decide you're ready.Now,prepare your weapons.Good.Opponent! Opponent as your life was at stake!Because one day it could have been me.Christine...This time I wrote an email only to ...Wong?OK.First, open your eyes Agamotto.Good.OK.Dormammu.The dimension of darkness.Everlasting life?Stop!Prohibited from further possibilities that will happen.I'm practicing what is written in this book.The contents of the book jeopardize those who perform the ritual.I have no idea. I have not got to that part.This manipulation will screw up his time.Unstable if it enters another dimension.That could widen the circle of time!Do you want to live like this together forever ...... Or never existed at all?You must give a warning about matranya.Curiosity could get you killed.You can not manipulate the dimensions of space and time,you're bothering her.Do not change the laws of nature. We defend it.How did you do?How can you learn the spell? While you do not understand?I had an image memory I get when studying medicine.- At the same time ... - You just did.Mystic Arts need a good memory. You were born to rule Mystic Art.- My hands are still shaking. - For now it's like that.- Not always. - We are not prophets.When are you going to stop covering who we are?Heroes like the Avengers to protect the world from danger,We protect it from mystical threats.The Ancient One is the legend of the Sorcerer Supreme,returning after thousands of years with his father's ability to Mystic Arts,Mighty Agamotto.The same people who make the books you borrow recklessly.Agamotto built three temples in the place of his power,in a place where they build large cities today.The door leading to the temple in Hong Kong.The door leading to the temple in New York.That one was headed to a temple in London.Together temples that generate a protective shield around the globe.The temple was to protect the world, and the Sorcerer ...- ... To protect the temple. - Of what?Another dimension of creatures that threaten our universe.As Dormammu?From the name you know that name?I read it in a book Cagliostro, why?Dormammu dominate the dark dimension,namely in the dimension of time.He cosmic conqueror and destroyer of the world.He was never satisfied ruin the world,Looking every crack in the universe,in order to bring the universe leading to the dimension of darkness.The most in want it from us ...Weather stolen Kaecilius.The ritual is the link Dormammu and can also draw strength from the dimension of darkness.Good. Good.I quit. I'm here to heal my hand.Not to fight in the war of the spirits.London.Kaecilius!No!Wong? Mordo?No. A
Jl. BleeckerHello?Hello?Daniel, I know what's in doing the master in this temple.You know what I mean?You will die if to protect him.Stop!How long have you been in the Chamber-Taj, sir ......doctor??- The doctor? - I'm Strange.Maybe. Who cares.You do not know how to use it, right?What?Oh stop it. I told you to stop.- You can not stop this, sir doctor. - I do not even know what "it".This is the end and a new beginning.Many are trying to be the only one.If you do not stop saying things that make sense,- Then I'll restore it. - Tell me, sir doctor ...Well, my name is dr. Stephen Strange.- You're a doctor? - Yes.Scientists?You understand the laws of nature. Everything will age. Everything will die.In the end, our sun would be extinguished universe we froze and disappeared ...... Into a dimension of darkness.It was time.- Enough. I'll restore it. - The world does not have to be destroyed, Doctor.We can still go on as before ...... As part of each other.Become more beautiful.We can all live forever.Is it true?What will you get from the new dimension?Just like you. Like everyone, life. Eternal life.Each person always think what is right and wrong.If you consider it too long, time will kill them all.What people did you kill?Only a small portion, which is not so in this universe perdulikan.Yes. I understand.Do you understand what we do.The world is not supposed to be like this. Humans lose him,Our world is just about time, because the time of enslaving us.That is an insult.Death is an insult.While ...... Do not try to control the world.We must save it, and handed it to Dormammu,which is the ultimate goal of evolutionThe reason this whole civilization.Sorcerer Supreme who maintain this civilization.What brings you to go to the Taj rooms, doctor? Enlightenment?Power?You've come to cure.Room-Taj is a place to collect a lot of problems.All come with a promise of healing,But instead, the ancient book of magic gives us strength.Real magic for yourself.You're not curious about how you handle it this time?I saw the ritual in the Book of Cagliostro.So, you already know.Ritual it gave me the strength to fight against the Ancient One, and destroyed the temple,and to bring into the dimension of darkness.On appeal The Ancient One, Dormammu promising better.Eternal life.He is not the destroyer of the world, Doctor. He is the savior of the world.No kidding. Look at your face.Dormammu make you a killer.No matter how his government?You think that's funny?No, not that.The funny thing is that you lose the sling ringmu.- Sir, can I help you? - Dr. Palmer, where is he?- Oh my god. We have ... - Where is he?Nurse!Christine!- Stephen? Gosh. - Take me to the operating room. Just you.Wait.Now! I have no time.- What happened? - Luka heart. Heart damage.What are you wearing this?- Part of the chest is fine. - No, prepare a blood bag.No, no. Stephen?Oh, my God.Pick up a little more.Please be careful with the needle.Stephen?Nothing...- ... What I see this? - Body astralku.- Are you dead? - No, Christine, but I'm dying.Good. Good.Yes. OK. Good.I have never seen such wounds.What stab you?I have no idea.- Now I have to disappear. - What?Save me.Good. Good.Shit.Filling voltage of  joules.Stephen, come on.- Implanted heart again. - Stop doing that.Raise the voltage and do it again.- No, your heart beat! - Just do it!Gosh.Filling voltage  ​​joules.Gosh!- You are okay? - Yes.Good.After all, you show up here like this,- I recognize your body. - Yes I know.By the way, I miss you.I sent you an e-mail, but you never responded.Why should I respond?Christine, I'm so sorry.For all. You are right.I was a jerk treat you like that.- You deserve to be treated much better ... - Enough. You're still in shock.What happened?You anywhere?Well ... After baratku style treatment failed,I went to the east and ends in Kathmandu.- Kathmandu? - Yes.- It's a song of Bob Seger? - Released in  before the song Beautiful Loser.I went to a place called room-Taj and I ...... Met someone named The Ancient One.- You join their sect. - No. Not really. No. I mean ...They taught me to learn the strengths you never would have thought.- Yes. It sounds like a sect. - This is not a sect.- Well, especially if not a cult. - Oh no.Stop, Stephen. What are you doing?I was too late to help them.- This is crazy. - Yes.Do you want to go?Will you tell the truth?There is a force that has submitted itself to a another force,it could be in violation of the laws of physics, and trying to kill me.But I am chained in Greenwich Village,And the quickest way to get back there is through a dimensional portal- I'm going to use that room. - Good. Do not tell me. OK.I really should go.Ya.Strange!- You are okay? - But, but yes, I'm fine.Cloak of levitation.Be yours.No matter the size.It's weird.- He got away. - Kaecilius?Ya.He could damage the room and also the elements present.- She broke a mirror dimension elements in the real world? - Yes.- How many? - Two.- I left one in the desert. - The other one?In a body in the room.- Master Dram where? - He returned to the room-Taj.Holy shrine in London has been destroyed.The remaining live in New York and Hong Kong that protects us from the dimension of darkness.You defend the holy shrine of the New York attacks.But the master had been killed, and it took his successor.Master Strange.No.I'm a doctor Strange.Strange is not the Master. Not even Mr. Strange.I'm Doctor Strange.When I became a doctor, I swore that I would never harm others.And I've killed someone! I will not do it again.Being a doctor is to save lives, not take it.You'll be a doctor who would save all those lives ...... Also yourself.- I can still read the character. - I saw what I always see.Your ego.What do you want to go back to the illusion where you can control everything,even death can not be in control of anyone.Even that can not be controlled terrific Doctor Stephen Strange.Even Dormammu?Which offers immortality?Our fear of death will give life to Dormammu.- Same thing with the feed. - As you feed him?You're talking about controlling death. I know how you do it.I've seen of the ritual in the Book of Cagliostro.Be careful with your words then, Doctor.Because you probably would not like it?Because maybe you do not know what you're talking about.- What does it mean? - The point of a long life,The origin of immortality.He drew strength from Dimension well in order to stay alive.- That's not true. - I saw the ritual.I know how to do.And when it comes back, the fanatics will be back.You must set the pace.- It's not what you think. - You have the right to say it.You do not understand about our responsibility. No, I do not want to know it.- You're a coward. - Because I am not a murderer?You're too fanatical to us,And you do not dare to become a Master Strange.- What do I do? - You just saved yourself!- You complain as a wounded dog. - You think it's easy?You do not know anything.And the answer is yes.- Without hesitation. - No matter the other way?- No other way. - You live with your imagination.No, Stephen.You do not have the courage.They're back.We must put an end to this. Now!Strange! Come and fight!No!Mirror dimension.You can not go back to the real world here.Who's laughing now? Asshole.I.I had a sling-the rings I do not have to run, right?Run!They are associated with Dimension good, it makes them stronger in the mirror dimensions.It can not affect the real world, but they can kill us.This is not a smart choice. This is suicide!This is funny.This is a mistake.Correct.I actually drew strength from the dimension of darkness.Kaecilius ..I have come to me with destruction,lost, miserable.I believe you to be my teacher, and telling lies.- I'm trying to protect you. - The truth?From yourself.- Now I've got a new teacher. - Dormammu tricked.You do not know who he was.Eternal life is not heaven, it's misery.- Christine! - Oh no kidding.Geez.Do not do fibrillation. Her heart went into shock.- Neurogenik?
- Ya.Nick?We must reduce pressure on his brain.- Pulse down. - We're losing him!Prepare extra oxygen.I need a pump for emergencies!There was no reaction. There was no brain activity.What are you doing?You're going to die!You should go back to your body now. You do not have time.Time is a relative thing. Your body is not touching the floor.I spent many years peering through time ...... Looking forward to this moment.But I could not turn away.I saw the dreadful future.I always follow what happens next.Everything here,- Never continue. - You think you're better off dead?- You wonder what I see in your future? - No.- Yes. - I've never seen your future.There are only possibilities.You have a great capacity to do good.You're always the smartest.But not because you wanted to be successful,but because you're afraid to fail.That's why I became a great doctor.It makes you become arrogant,arrogant, your fears still dominate you.You must learn the simplest and most important of all.What's that?This is not about you.When you first came to me,You asked me how I heal Jonathan Pangborn.I do not heal.He channeled his energy on the dimensions directly into his body.- She uses magic to walk? - You could say so.She had a choice,to come back to life,or do something bigger than himself.So, my hands can heal ??Life?Of course you can.And the world will be better for it.I hate the power that comes from Dimension Good.But as you know, sometimes we have to break the rules,- For the common good. - Mordo can not realize it.Mordo has soul stiff and motionless,He forged by fire from his youth.She needs fleksibilitasmu, same as you need strength.Only with a united, you have a chance to stop Dormammu.I am not ready.Nothing is ever ready.You can not choose your time.Death is the sense of life,so you know your days are numbered.Your time is yours.Do you think you'll have time to be ready.But look at me.Think of a time in thousands of time,only to see the snow.You are okay?- I do not understand what happened. - I know.I have to go.You said to me losing my ability is not the end.- Yes it could be a new start. - Yes.Because there are always other ways to save lives.The hard way.How complicated.Dr. Palmer, Silahkan ke UGD, Dr. Palmer, silahkan UGD.I do not want you to go.Stop!HONG KONGChoose your weapons wisely.There should not be anyone to enter the temple.No one.- Kaecilius. - You're a part of history, Wong.- He is died. - You are right.He did not like that I think.She is so complicated.Complicated?Dimensions darkness is already open.Dangerous.What if I handle it?The Ancient One teaches us that it is forbidden ...While she herself attractive force them to steal life.He did what he thought right in.It all depends on you.Do not you see it?Conquering Evil Dormammu.Kaecilius adalah kesalahan The Ancient One.And here we are, in the midst of the results of the lie.- In the midst of the ugliness. - Mordo, destroyed the temple in London.The one in New York has been attacked twice. You know exactly where the next.Hong Kong. You told me to fight like my life at stake,Because one day, it determines our future.I can not fight it alone.Temple here has been destroyed.The dimension of darkness.Dormammu has come.Too late.Nothing can stop it.No one.No.The spell worked.We've got a second chance.No!Wong.This violates the laws of nature. I know.Do not stop there.When intact temple back, they will attack again. We must defend it.Come on!Wake up, Strange. Wake up and fight.We could resolve this.You can not fight anymore.Is not it wonderful?World indefinitely.Without death.Limitless time...Strange!He's gone.Strange even chose to go and surrender.Dormammu, I come to negotiate.You came here to die.Your world is my world now, like all the others.Dormammu, I come to negotiate.You came here to die.Your world is my grief ...What is this?- Illusion? - No. This is real.Good.Dormammu, I come to negotiate.You ... What happened?This way you give Kaecilius strength of dimensimu.I brought a little strength from myself.This is the time.Endless time loop.How dare you?Dormammu, I come to negotiate.You can not do this forever.Actually, I can.It is happening now.You and I, stuck in this time indefinitely.Then the time of your death will be eternal.Yes. But all the people on Earth will live.But you will suffer.Suffering is an old friend.Dormammu!I came to negotiate. Stop it!Dormammu... Dormammu...You'll never win.No...What do I lose?Again, again, again, again and forever.- And it makes you become tahananku. - No!Stop! Stop it!- Release me! - No!I came to negotiate.What do you want?Taking kefanatikanmu from Earth.and also your attacks on my world.Do not ever come back.Do that and I'll return lingkaranmu.Arise, Strange.Wake up and fight.We could resolve this.Is not it wonderful?World indefinitely.Without death.- What have you done? - I made a deal.- What is this? - Its always in want of all people.Eternal life is one of them.There will not be like that.You're supposed to steal the entire book,As a warning ...... Warning that appears after the spell was uttered.This is funny.We did it.Ya.Yes, we are successful.But we are also against the law of nature.Look around It's over.You still think that this is not going to be consequences, Strange?There was no price to be paid?We're breaking the rules, just like ...... When the bill comes.Always...... In our account.I'm not going to follow this path again.Yes, good.A wise choice.You will keep the Eye of Agamotto, since the master is gone.Until then,do not roam brought it ..- What? - You've got the talent to master the Mystic Arts,... But you still have much to learn.The Ancient One's death news spread throughout the universe.There's nothing that can keep Sorcerer Supreme.- We must be prepared. - We are always ready.~  Alih bahasa : Yechika The Vasili  ~DOCTOR STRANGE.So, now the world has a witch?- Want some tea? - I did not drink tea.What are you drinking?Non tea.I had a list of people and creatures ...... From other media that could threaten the world.Foster brother, Loki, one of them.- One valuable. - Yes.So, what brings you here, to New York?Long story. It may also be a family drama,I'm looking for my father.Good. So, if you find Odin, you will soon return to Asgard?- Oh, yes. Soon. - Good.Let me help.<font color="#ffff" size=>www.moviesubtitles.org</font> 
KUNAR PROVINCE, AFGHANISTAN  I feel like you're driving me to
court martial. This is crazy.  What did I do? I feel like you're
gonna pull over and snuff me.  What, you're not allowed to talk?
Hey, Forest...  - We can talk, sir.
- Oh, I see. So it's personal?  No, you intimidate them.  Dear God, you're a woman!
I honestly, I couldn't have called that.  I mean, I would apologize, but isn't
that what we're going for here?  I thought of you as a soldier first.
- I'm an airman.  Well you have actually excellent
bone structure there. I'm kinda...  having a hard time not looking
at you now. Is that weird?  C'mon, it's OK, laugh. Hey!  - Sir, I have a question to ask.
- Yes, please.  It is true you went -for- with
last year's Maxim cover models?  That is an excellent question.  Yes and no. March and I
had a scheduling conflict,  but fortunately the Christmas
cover was twins. Anything else?  You're kidding me
with a hand up, right?  Is it cool if I take
a picture with you?  Yes, it's very cool.  I don't wanna see this
on your MySpace page.  Please, no gang signs.  No, throw it up, I'm kidding.  Yeah, peace! I love peace.
I'd be outta job with peace.  C'mon! Just click it, don't change
the settings, just click it.  What's going on?  Jimmy, stay with Stark!  Lie down!  Son of a bitch!  - Wait, wait, give me a gun!
