Master Kaecilius.This ritual will only bring grief to you.Hypocrite!The last challenge, Billy.- Come on, Billy, do not joke. - No, Doctor."Feels So Good" Lagu
Chuck Mangione tahun .- Geez Billy, do mempersulitnya. - Famous song in .No, Billy "Feels So Good" reached the top of the charts in ,This album was released in December .- No, according to Wikipedia it ... - Check again.- It's not important information. - Not important?The man became famous for reaching the top of the charts with flugelhornnya.- Yeah right, Billy? - In .Geez. You bitch.Really good, right?Let me deal with this, Stephen. Your job is done. Go we'll take care of it.- What is wrong? - His condition is still stable.It was a miracle he was still alive. He was still breathing when the brain is not functioning.He could have suffered respiratory failure because of this.I think I found the problem Dr. Palmer.- You left a bullet in his head. - Thank you. In the medulla oblongata.I need a specialist. Nick diagnosed that the brain is already dead.- Because I think there's something wrong here. - Come on, quickly.- Dr. Vest? What are you doing? - Taking her organs, her donor organ.Wait a minute.- I do not agree with it. - I do not need your opinion. His brain is dead.It's too early. Must prepare cranial surgical procedures.- I will not let dissect dead. - Look?- Ammunition? - Right, bullet.The pressure is getting stronger with the presence of lead and antimony.Toxic metals. And that leads directly into the brain fluid.- It makes no functioning central nervous. - We have to go.He's not dead, he's dying. Do mencuru organ.- I can help. - No. Dr. Palmer will help me.thanks.- Visualization now. - We have no time for it.- You can not do it manually. - Sure I can.Now is not the time for jokes.And what do you think that says he died  minutes ago?Kranialnya not been damaged nerves.Dr. Vest, get rid tangamu hours.You do not need to embarrass him in front of everyone.He can not even save patient.- Sometimes I can not help it. - Nick was a good doctor.- But you came to me. - Yes, I need another opinion.You've got it. All you need is a competent opinion.That's why I rely neurosurgeon like.- You can make a lot of changes. - I can work at home jagalmu.I just connect the severed spinal fluid,and then stimulates neurons in the central nervous system.My job is to save thousands of people in the years to come.In the ER, we saved a drunk idiot with a gun.Yes you're right. We saved a lot of lives.There was no praise, no interview on CNN.Looks like I have to meet with Nick.- Wait a minute. You're not ...? - What?Sleep together? Sorry, I cringe to think about it.Of course not. I have...... Rules are very strict with my colleagues.- Is it true? - I call it "Strange rules".I'm happy if there is something which bears my name.I who discovered the method laminectomy.And no one wants to call it 'Strange Method'.- We are discovering this method, - I am very flattered to hear that your rules.I will attend the speech tonight with a group of neuroscientists. Come with me.There was another speech again? It's romantic.I hope you want to come to events like that with me.- That is fun. -No! Exciting think.It's not about us, but dirmu.- I do not want that. - Yes. Stephen. Everything about you.Maybe we could combine. 'Strange-Palmer Method'.Palmer-Strange.Billy, there is news?There was an air force colonel  years old,with lung damage, fortunately he uses protective vests.Graph lungs pressure is above average.Yes, I can help, as well as others.Find something fits with my time.There is a -year-old woman with a serious brain tumor.You want to ruin the record sempurnamu? Better not.What about women  years to install electronic implant in his brain ...... To control schizophrenia because the light?That is interesting.Can you send ... Good.Hello.It is okay. Everything will be alright.What are they doing?They mengangkutmu by helicopter. It takes time to find you in the car.Fatal moment which makes almost suffered nerve damage in the car.What are they doing? steel needles stuck in your bones.Ligamenmu damaged.Serious damage to the nerves in your hands.We dissect it for  hours.Look at this.Nobody can do it well.I could do it better.Yes. Allow time for the healing of your body.You're crushing me.How long the recovery Dr. Strange?Network to recover faster. Probably faster.Prepare the radial artery surgical procedures.Impossible.The experiment was costly, or may be impossible.All I need is a possibility.Lift.Lift.Show your strength.- It's useless. - It was not in vain. You can do it.Answer the question, during a lecture ...... Have you ever met anyone who suffered fatal nerve damage can do this ...- And healed? - Ever. There was one person.The accident at the factory, spinal cord is damaged, paralyzed, his legs did not work.His shoulders hurt because pushing a wheelchair.It happens three times a week. One day she stopped coming.I thought he died.A few years later, he passed me in the street.- He walks? - Yes, he's walking.Nonsense. Give me his file.Until I get the archives ...... You have to prove kearoganmu first.Can?I've been reviewing all of your research, I read all the documents ...... You sent, but it never works.I do not know if you realize just how serious the damage was.- Then I ...
 - At least I've tried.I understand. That's the problem.- What you do is impossible, Stephen. - No kidding.- I had to keep my reputation. 
- Wait a minute.- I can not help. - No, wait!There are!You do not succeed.It's futile.There is a new procedure in Tokyo. With increased donor cell ...... And then they collect and print the cells in D. If I get a loan ...Stephen...- Loans , ... - Stephen.You always spend whatever to make you live,But now you're willing to spend money that even you do not have.Maybe it's time you stopped to think about it.Now is not the time to stop,You see? I did not improve!But this is not about treatment. It is obsessed name.There are some things that can not be repaired.- Life without a job ... - You're still alive.This is not the end. Still there are other things that can make your life meaningful.Like what? You?It will do you regret later.Up to you.Well, I never want to see keegoisanmu own.- It's too hard for you, right? - Yes, right.My heart breaks if you like this.- Do not feel sorry for me. - I do not pity you.Oh, yes? Why are you here?Brought cheese and wine as if we would go on a picnic?We're not friends, Christine. We are also not lovers.You like a sad story, is not it? What do you want me to tell?"Stephen Strange poor with social burden. Eventually I needed it.""Got another burden on the improvement of personality.""You're trying to fix it and get up again with a happy heart."You're so concerned about that, right ?!Good-bye, Stephen.THIS MEAN.Pangborn J, therapy Time: //. Metropolitan Hospital.Let's break! Where is the competition?Do not talk too much.Jonathan Pangborn, spinal cord damage.- Who are you? - Paralyzed from the chest down.The second arm partially paralyzed.- I do not know you. - I'm Stephen Strange.I neurosurgeons, once.Of course I know you.I've come to your office, you refused menanganiku.I will never forget your assistant.- You're paralyzed patients. - You do not believe in miracles, right?Kesembuhanmu impossible.I also was looking for a way that I can recover.Pangborn, you want to play or not?Good.I gave up my body.The only thing that I thought was mengakhirnya.So I follow the rules.I met the holy women.The stranger who took me to the top of the mountain to meet the saints.And finally, I found my teacher.That lifts the mind and soul deeper.- And somehow ...- You're cured? - Yes.There is no secret about that I learned,But I do not know what power can make me accept them.I decided to accept keajaibanku and return.The place you are looking for so-called room-Taj.- But it is expensive. - How many?I do not mean money.Good luck.Give me the ball!KATHMANDU, NEPALExcuse me. Rooms Taj?Do you know where the room-Taj?Treatment of the Himalayas! Find peace! Look who you are!Rooms Taj?Room-TajOK.- I have no money. - Clock hands.- No. Do not. I just got this. - Watch your hands.Good.You're looking for a room-Taj?Are you serious? We come to the right place?It seems a little more like Room-Taji?I was once like you.I used to be no respect.I can give some advice?Forget all that you have in mind.Good.This temple chaired a teacher, namely The Ancient One.The Ancient One? Who's real name?Good. Forget all I think about. Sorry.Thank you...I'm just not used to it.Thank you...Hello.thanks.I thank you.-Thank You, Ancient One for having permitted me. - You are welcome.- Ancient One. - Thank you, Master Mordo.Thank you, Master Hamir.Tn. Strange.- Doctors, actually. - Apparently not so.That's why you come here? You've been through a lot of surgery.- Seven-time operation, right? - Yes.- The tea was delicious. - Yes.What do you heal a man named Pangborn? Patients paralyzed?- It seems so. - You make it run again?Ya.How can you repair the spinal cord between steps C and C?I had to do. He can not walk.I am sure I can.Jangan bilingual itu psychosomatic?When you reconnect the nerve to break up, how do you connect it to the body?- With a cell. - Cells in shape to form specific tissues are damaged.Correct.What if your body can ...... Fix itself in a different way?You mean cell regeneration?It was the most innovative medical technology.That's what you're doing here? Because there is no medical procedure?Can you explain this eksperimentalmu treatment?Calm down.You've found a way to regenerate nerve cells themselves?No, Mr. Strange.I know how to reorient the spirit so that the body could be better.- Spirit in the body? - Yes.OK. How to do it? Where do we start?- You do not like the map? - That is good. I've never seen.In the souvenir shops.How about this one?- Acupuncture, good. - Is it true?- How about this one? - It was like there. I can not believe.Each sheet of the map that are interesting things that can not be seen as a whole person.I spent all my money to come here,And you tell me about healing through faith?You're someone who sees the world only through the keyhole.You spend your whole life just to extend the keyhole,to see everything, to know everything. If you know a lock could be in view,in ways that were impossible to think, then you rejected.No, I reject it because I do not believe in fairy tales of fantasy, energy or power of faith.There are no matters relating to the spirit!We are made of matter and nothing more.No more than one point in the universe.- You have to see it for yourself. - You think I would believe it?But not so. Because I can read what people like you!- What did you just do? - I encourage your spirit out of your body.Is that some kind of EA? Psilocybin? LSD?It's just tea ...... With a little honey.- What happened? - At that time, you get into the astral dimension.- What? - The time when the spirit separates from the body.- Why are you doing this to me? - To show you everything that is not you know.Open your eyes.Shit! No!No, no! What happened?It's not real!Rapid heartbeat can be dangerous.You do not think anything.Do you know how this world works?Do you think the universe is nothing more than substance?What is real?The mystery of what is hidden beyond the senses?On the ground of being, mind and matter meet.Which eventually form the reality.This universe is just one of a number of instruments.World without end.There are generous and give life.The other, full of hate and hunger.There is a dark place where there is a lying, greedy ...I am waiting.Who are you in this vast universe, Tn. Strange?Have you ever seen it in a souvenir shop?Teach me.No.No!No, no, no!No! Open the door! Please!Thank you, Master.Am I wrong because out?After five hours, he was still at the front door.He's got the power.Stubborn, arrogant, ambitious. I've never met anyone like that before.Kaecilius remind you, right?I do not want to teach students like that again,then drove into the darkness.You do not lose me. I want the power to defeat the enemy.You gave me the strength to defeat evil.I live according to the laws of nature.We never get rid of the demons, Mordo.We learn how to survive on their face.Kaecilius still have books in stole.If he can learn it, it could be the undoing of us all.Or maybe in the future.Perhaps the Taj rooms need people like Strange.Do not let me out.I had no destination anymore.thanks.Bed.Beristirahatlah.Meditate ...... If you can.The Ancient One told me to convey to you.What is this? A mantra?Password wi-fi.We are not a violent man.Time will tell how much I love you. - Christine -The language of the Mystic Arts, an area of ​​this civilization.Spirit of yore, usually call this spell.But if you think this word inaudible modern ...... You could call it a "program".A piece of code that make up reality.We control the energy,drawn out into another dimension of the universe,to make the dimension ...... A shield,and also weapons,to create a miracle.But I can not even do that because of my finger,hands will just be like waving in the air.How do I do like you?How can you connect the human nervous ...... Who broke up last longer work?By learning and practicing well over the years.Hello.- Mr. Strange. - Enough Stephen alone.- And you are? - Wong.Wong.Only Wong? Like Adele?Or Aristotle.Drake. Bond.Eminem.The Book of the Invisible Sun.Anomalous astronomers.Imperium code.Key of Solomon.- You read all this? - Yes.- Come with me. - Good.Which is only for the Master,only with my permission, others can not use it.You have to start from the bottom.How Sansekertamu language?I usually use google translator.Vedic, Sanskrit classics.What's that?The private collection The Ancient One.It was forbidden?Seeking knowledge is not banned in-room Taj. It was just for practice.These books have a very advanced knowledge to those who are interested in him.There are pages torn here.It is a book of Cagliostro. Knowledge about the weather.One of the rituals slabs stolen by former Master.Si fanatik Kaecilius.He attacked the previous librarian,then cut off his head.Now I will keep these books.So if there is an attempt to steal it again, I would know.And he will die before leaving this place.What happens if I am late to return it?What are the penalties? Mutilation, perhaps?Many thought I was funny.- What is it going to work for you? - OK.Outstanding-talk could converse with you. Also on the books and the gruesome story ...I'll keep it, my life at stake.Now we have the power to destroy those who betrayed us.Those who control the world.Master of the Mystic Arts has a ring,can make us to explore multi universe.You just need to focus.Visualisasikan.See the goal in your mind.Look at the world a much d before you.Imagine every detail.Get a clear picture, quick and easy ...It will make way for you.Stop.Can I have a word with Mr. Strange?Certain.- My hands. - It's not about your hands.How can this not because my hand?Master Hamir.Thank you, Master Hamir.You must not only follow the current course.You must relinquish control of your courage, and use its power for you.Control by letting go of control? It did not make sense.- Nonsense. - Not everything should be reasonable.Intelligence has seized life,otherwise it will mterus mengasaimu.Give it up, Stephen.Soothe your ego ...And strength will appear.Follow me.- Where is this? - Everest.- So beautiful. - Yes, you're right, this is beautiful. , Icy, but great.Iceberg frozen.At this temperature, humans can only survive  minutes ...- ... Before finally experiencing organ failure. - Correct.But you may experience a shock in the first two minutes.- What? - Give it up Stephen.No!- How novice us? - See you later.A few seconds from now.No, do not do it again.Maybe I should ...- Stephen. - Wong.- What do you want, Strange? - Books about astral projection.- You're not ready for it. - Trust me, Beyonce.Come on. You know him. He is a famous artist.Do you ever laugh?Come on, give her book.No.Formerly, in this room, you're begging me to teach.Now I'm going to ask you in every time of learning so that you can learn on their own.I n this room, you told me to open my eyes.Just stupid of me according to the rules unreasonable.As regulations in the library?- Wong betrayed? - Your ability to expand rapidly.You need a safe place to practice matranya.You are now in a mirror dimension.You're there but unseen.The real world does not affect anything that happens here.Use dimensional mirror for practice, reflection,Sometimes also to neutralize the threat.You do not want to be stuck here without sling-ring.Wait. What do you mean "threat"?Learn about the infinite nature ...... Also includes studying the endless dangers.If I tell you all, and you're not ready, you're going out of here with fear.What do you know about it?No one knows exactly what.I know is he was never told of his past.You follow it even if you do not know who he is?I know him so fast, and I do not think them.Cruel, but good.Because of him, I could be like this.Believe in your teacher.- Do not cheat. - As Kaecilius?Correct.You know him.When she came to us, she lost everything she loved.He was grieving, poor man.Looking for answers about Mystic Arts.He's smart schoolgirl, her proud, stubborn.He doubted the Ancient One, and we reject teachings.He left the room-Taj.Supporters follow like sheep.Seduced by false doctrines.- He stole the forbidden ritual, right? - Yes.What are the do?There is no longer a question.- Meaning? - That is the question.It is a relic.Some miracle is too strong to be avoided, you must specify the object.Sometimes it can absorb the energy that we do not expect.This is a stick ...... The Living Tribunal.There are many relics.Use it as easy as ...... Like a foot.It's easy to say, right? When can I get it?- When you're ready. - I'll definitely be ready.You'll be ready when you decide you're ready.Now,prepare your weapons.Good.Opponent! Opponent as your life was at stake!Because one day it could have been me.Christine...This time I wrote an email only to ...Wong?OK.First, open your eyes Agamotto.Good.OK.Dormammu.The dimension of darkness.Everlasting life?Stop!Prohibited from further possibilities that will happen.I'm practicing what is written in this book.The contents of the book jeopardize those who perform the ritual.I have no idea. I have not got to that part.This manipulation will screw up his time.Unstable if it enters another dimension.That could widen the circle of time!Do you want to live like this together forever ...... Or never existed at all?You must give a warning about matranya.Curiosity could get you killed.You can not manipulate the dimensions of space and time,you're bothering her.Do not change the laws of nature. We defend it.How did you do?How can you learn the spell? While you do not understand?I had an image memory I get when studying medicine.- At the same time ... - You just did.Mystic Arts need a good memory. You were born to rule Mystic Art.- My hands are still shaking. - For now it's like that.- Not always. - We are not prophets.When are you going to stop covering who we are?Heroes like the Avengers to protect the world from danger,We protect it from mystical threats.The Ancient One is the legend of the Sorcerer Supreme,returning after thousands of years with his father's ability to Mystic Arts,Mighty Agamotto.The same people who make the books you borrow recklessly.Agamotto built three temples in the place of his power,in a place where they build large cities today.The door leading to the temple in Hong Kong.The door leading to the temple in New York.That one was headed to a temple in London.Together temples that generate a protective shield around the globe.The temple was to protect the world, and the Sorcerer ...- ... To protect the temple. - Of what?Another dimension of creatures that threaten our universe.As Dormammu?From the name you know that name?I read it in a book Cagliostro, why?Dormammu dominate the dark dimension,namely in the dimension of time.He cosmic conqueror and destroyer of the world.He was never satisfied ruin the world,Looking every crack in the universe,in order to bring the universe leading to the dimension of darkness.The most in want it from us ...Weather stolen Kaecilius.The ritual is the link Dormammu and can also draw strength from the dimension of darkness.Good. Good.I quit. I'm here to heal my hand.Not to fight in the war of the spirits.London.Kaecilius!No!Wong? Mordo?No. A
Jl. BleeckerHello?Hello?Daniel, I know what's in doing the master in this temple.You know what I mean?You will die if to protect him.Stop!How long have you been in the Chamber-Taj, sir ......doctor??- The doctor? - I'm Strange.Maybe. Who cares.You do not know how to use it, right?What?Oh stop it. I told you to stop.- You can not stop this, sir doctor. - I do not even know what "it".This is the end and a new beginning.Many are trying to be the only one.If you do not stop saying things that make sense,- Then I'll restore it. - Tell me, sir doctor ...Well, my name is dr. Stephen Strange.- You're a doctor? - Yes.Scientists?You understand the laws of nature. Everything will age. Everything will die.In the end, our sun would be extinguished universe we froze and disappeared ...... Into a dimension of darkness.It was time.- Enough. I'll restore it. - The world does not have to be destroyed, Doctor.We can still go on as before ...... As part of each other.Become more beautiful.We can all live forever.Is it true?What will you get from the new dimension?Just like you. Like everyone, life. Eternal life.Each person always think what is right and wrong.If you consider it too long, time will kill them all.What people did you kill?Only a small portion, which is not so in this universe perdulikan.Yes. I understand.Do you understand what we do.The world is not supposed to be like this. Humans lose him,Our world is just about time, because the time of enslaving us.That is an insult.Death is an insult.While ...... Do not try to control the world.We must save it, and handed it to Dormammu,which is the ultimate goal of evolutionThe reason this whole civilization.Sorcerer Supreme who maintain this civilization.What brings you to go to the Taj rooms, doctor? Enlightenment?Power?You've come to cure.Room-Taj is a place to collect a lot of problems.All come with a promise of healing,But instead, the ancient book of magic gives us strength.Real magic for yourself.You're not curious about how you handle it this time?I saw the ritual in the Book of Cagliostro.So, you already know.Ritual it gave me the strength to fight against the Ancient One, and destroyed the temple,and to bring into the dimension of darkness.On appeal The Ancient One, Dormammu promising better.Eternal life.He is not the destroyer of the world, Doctor. He is the savior of the world.No kidding. Look at your face.Dormammu make you a killer.No matter how his government?You think that's funny?No, not that.The funny thing is that you lose the sling ringmu.- Sir, can I help you? - Dr. Palmer, where is he?- Oh my god. We have ... - Where is he?Nurse!Christine!- Stephen? Gosh. - Take me to the operating room. Just you.Wait.Now! I have no time.- What happened? - Luka heart. Heart damage.What are you wearing this?- Part of the chest is fine. - No, prepare a blood bag.No, no. Stephen?Oh, my God.Pick up a little more.Please be careful with the needle.Stephen?Nothing...- ... What I see this? - Body astralku.- Are you dead? - No, Christine, but I'm dying.Good. Good.Yes. OK. Good.I have never seen such wounds.What stab you?I have no idea.- Now I have to disappear. - What?Save me.Good. Good.Shit.Filling voltage of  joules.Stephen, come on.- Implanted heart again. - Stop doing that.Raise the voltage and do it again.- No, your heart beat! - Just do it!Gosh.Filling voltage  ​​joules.Gosh!- You are okay? - Yes.Good.After all, you show up here like this,- I recognize your body. - Yes I know.By the way, I miss you.I sent you an e-mail, but you never responded.Why should I respond?Christine, I'm so sorry.For all. You are right.I was a jerk treat you like that.- You deserve to be treated much better ... - Enough. You're still in shock.What happened?You anywhere?Well ... After baratku style treatment failed,I went to the east and ends in Kathmandu.- Kathmandu? - Yes.- It's a song of Bob Seger? - Released in  before the song Beautiful Loser.I went to a place called room-Taj and I ...... Met someone named The Ancient One.- You join their sect. - No. Not really. No. I mean ...They taught me to learn the strengths you never would have thought.- Yes. It sounds like a sect. - This is not a sect.- Well, especially if not a cult. - Oh no.Stop, Stephen. What are you doing?I was too late to help them.- This is crazy. - Yes.Do you want to go?Will you tell the truth?There is a force that has submitted itself to a another force,it could be in violation of the laws of physics, and trying to kill me.But I am chained in Greenwich Village,And the quickest way to get back there is through a dimensional portal- I'm going to use that room. - Good. Do not tell me. OK.I really should go.Ya.Strange!- You are okay? - But, but yes, I'm fine.Cloak of levitation.Be yours.No matter the size.It's weird.- He got away. - Kaecilius?Ya.He could damage the room and also the elements present.- She broke a mirror dimension elements in the real world? - Yes.- How many? - Two.- I left one in the desert. - The other one?In a body in the room.- Master Dram where? - He returned to the room-Taj.Holy shrine in London has been destroyed.The remaining live in New York and Hong Kong that protects us from the dimension of darkness.You defend the holy shrine of the New York attacks.But the master had been killed, and it took his successor.Master Strange.No.I'm a doctor Strange.Strange is not the Master. Not even Mr. Strange.I'm Doctor Strange.When I became a doctor, I swore that I would never harm others.And I've killed someone! I will not do it again.Being a doctor is to save lives, not take it.You'll be a doctor who would save all those lives ...... Also yourself.- I can still read the character. - I saw what I always see.Your ego.What do you want to go back to the illusion where you can control everything,even death can not be in control of anyone.Even that can not be controlled terrific Doctor Stephen Strange.Even Dormammu?Which offers immortality?Our fear of death will give life to Dormammu.- Same thing with the feed. - As you feed him?You're talking about controlling death. I know how you do it.I've seen of the ritual in the Book of Cagliostro.Be careful with your words then, Doctor.Because you probably would not like it?Because maybe you do not know what you're talking about.- What does it mean? - The point of a long life,The origin of immortality.He drew strength from Dimension well in order to stay alive.- That's not true. - I saw the ritual.I know how to do.And when it comes back, the fanatics will be back.You must set the pace.- It's not what you think. - You have the right to say it.You do not understand about our responsibility. No, I do not want to know it.- You're a coward. - Because I am not a murderer?You're too fanatical to us,And you do not dare to become a Master Strange.- What do I do? - You just saved yourself!- You complain as a wounded dog. - You think it's easy?You do not know anything.And the answer is yes.- Without hesitation. - No matter the other way?- No other way. - You live with your imagination.No, Stephen.You do not have the courage.They're back.We must put an end to this. Now!Strange! Come and fight!No!Mirror dimension.You can not go back to the real world here.Who's laughing now? Asshole.I.I had a sling-the rings I do not have to run, right?Run!They are associated with Dimension good, it makes them stronger in the mirror dimensions.It can not affect the real world, but they can kill us.This is not a smart choice. This is suicide!This is funny.This is a mistake.Correct.I actually drew strength from the dimension of darkness.Kaecilius ..I have come to me with destruction,lost, miserable.I believe you to be my teacher, and telling lies.- I'm trying to protect you. - The truth?From yourself.- Now I've got a new teacher. - Dormammu tricked.You do not know who he was.Eternal life is not heaven, it's misery.- Christine! - Oh no kidding.Geez.Do not do fibrillation. Her heart went into shock.- Neurogenik?
- Ya.Nick?We must reduce pressure on his brain.- Pulse down. - We're losing him!Prepare extra oxygen.I need a pump for emergencies!There was no reaction. There was no brain activity.What are you doing?You're going to die!You should go back to your body now. You do not have time.Time is a relative thing. Your body is not touching the floor.I spent many years peering through time ...... Looking forward to this moment.But I could not turn away.I saw the dreadful future.I always follow what happens next.Everything here,- Never continue. - You think you're better off dead?- You wonder what I see in your future? - No.- Yes. - I've never seen your future.There are only possibilities.You have a great capacity to do good.You're always the smartest.But not because you wanted to be successful,but because you're afraid to fail.That's why I became a great doctor.It makes you become arrogant,arrogant, your fears still dominate you.You must learn the simplest and most important of all.What's that?This is not about you.When you first came to me,You asked me how I heal Jonathan Pangborn.I do not heal.He channeled his energy on the dimensions directly into his body.- She uses magic to walk? - You could say so.She had a choice,to come back to life,or do something bigger than himself.So, my hands can heal ??Life?Of course you can.And the world will be better for it.I hate the power that comes from Dimension Good.But as you know, sometimes we have to break the rules,- For the common good. - Mordo can not realize it.Mordo has soul stiff and motionless,He forged by fire from his youth.She needs fleksibilitasmu, same as you need strength.Only with a united, you have a chance to stop Dormammu.I am not ready.Nothing is ever ready.You can not choose your time.Death is the sense of life,so you know your days are numbered.Your time is yours.Do you think you'll have time to be ready.But look at me.Think of a time in thousands of time,only to see the snow.You are okay?- I do not understand what happened. - I know.I have to go.You said to me losing my ability is not the end.- Yes it could be a new start. - Yes.Because there are always other ways to save lives.The hard way.How complicated.Dr. Palmer, Silahkan ke UGD, Dr. Palmer, silahkan UGD.I do not want you to go.Stop!HONG KONGChoose your weapons wisely.There should not be anyone to enter the temple.No one.- Kaecilius. - You're a part of history, Wong.- He is died. - You are right.He did not like that I think.She is so complicated.Complicated?Dimensions darkness is already open.Dangerous.What if I handle it?The Ancient One teaches us that it is forbidden ...While she herself attractive force them to steal life.He did what he thought right in.It all depends on you.Do not you see it?Conquering Evil Dormammu.Kaecilius adalah kesalahan The Ancient One.And here we are, in the midst of the results of the lie.- In the midst of the ugliness. - Mordo, destroyed the temple in London.The one in New York has been attacked twice. You know exactly where the next.Hong Kong. You told me to fight like my life at stake,Because one day, it determines our future.I can not fight it alone.Temple here has been destroyed.The dimension of darkness.Dormammu has come.Too late.Nothing can stop it.No one.No.The spell worked.We've got a second chance.No!Wong.This violates the laws of nature. I know.Do not stop there.When intact temple back, they will attack again. We must defend it.Come on!Wake up, Strange. Wake up and fight.We could resolve this.You can not fight anymore.Is not it wonderful?World indefinitely.Without death.Limitless time...Strange!He's gone.Strange even chose to go and surrender.Dormammu, I come to negotiate.You came here to die.Your world is my world now, like all the others.Dormammu, I come to negotiate.You came here to die.Your world is my grief ...What is this?- Illusion? - No. This is real.Good.Dormammu, I come to negotiate.You ... What happened?This way you give Kaecilius strength of dimensimu.I brought a little strength from myself.This is the time.Endless time loop.How dare you?Dormammu, I come to negotiate.You can not do this forever.Actually, I can.It is happening now.You and I, stuck in this time indefinitely.Then the time of your death will be eternal.Yes. But all the people on Earth will live.But you will suffer.Suffering is an old friend.Dormammu!I came to negotiate. Stop it!Dormammu... Dormammu...You'll never win.No...What do I lose?Again, again, again, again and forever.- And it makes you become tahananku. - No!Stop! Stop it!- Release me! - No!I came to negotiate.What do you want?Taking kefanatikanmu from Earth.and also your attacks on my world.Do not ever come back.Do that and I'll return lingkaranmu.Arise, Strange.Wake up and fight.We could resolve this.Is not it wonderful?World indefinitely.Without death.- What have you done? - I made a deal.- What is this? - Its always in want of all people.Eternal life is one of them.There will not be like that.You're supposed to steal the entire book,As a warning ...... Warning that appears after the spell was uttered.This is funny.We did it.Ya.Yes, we are successful.But we are also against the law of nature.Look around It's over.You still think that this is not going to be consequences, Strange?There was no price to be paid?We're breaking the rules, just like ...... When the bill comes.Always...... In our account.I'm not going to follow this path again.Yes, good.A wise choice.You will keep the Eye of Agamotto, since the master is gone.Until then,do not roam brought it ..- What? - You've got the talent to master the Mystic Arts,... But you still have much to learn.The Ancient One's death news spread throughout the universe.There's nothing that can keep Sorcerer Supreme.- We must be prepared. - We are always ready.~  Alih bahasa : Yechika The Vasili  ~DOCTOR STRANGE.So, now the world has a witch?- Want some tea? - I did not drink tea.What are you drinking?Non tea.I had a list of people and creatures ...... From other media that could threaten the world.Foster brother, Loki, one of them.- One valuable. - Yes.So, what brings you here, to New York?Long story. It may also be a family drama,I'm looking for my father.Good. So, if you find Odin, you will soon return to Asgard?- Oh, yes. Soon. - Good.Let me help.<font color="#ffff" size=>www.moviesubtitles.org</font> 
KUNAR PROVINCE, AFGHANISTAN  I feel like you're driving me to
court martial. This is crazy.  What did I do? I feel like you're
gonna pull over and snuff me.  What, you're not allowed to talk?
Hey, Forest...  - We can talk, sir.
- Oh, I see. So it's personal?  No, you intimidate them.  Dear God, you're a woman!
I honestly, I couldn't have called that.  I mean, I would apologize, but isn't
that what we're going for here?  I thought of you as a soldier first.
- I'm an airman.  Well you have actually excellent
bone structure there. I'm kinda...  having a hard time not looking
at you now. Is that weird?  C'mon, it's OK, laugh. Hey!  - Sir, I have a question to ask.
- Yes, please.  It is true you went -for- with
last year's Maxim cover models?  That is an excellent question.  Yes and no. March and I
had a scheduling conflict,  but fortunately the Christmas
cover was twins. Anything else?  You're kidding me
with a hand up, right?  Is it cool if I take
a picture with you?  Yes, it's very cool.  I don't wanna see this
on your MySpace page.  Please, no gang signs.  No, throw it up, I'm kidding.  Yeah, peace! I love peace.
I'd be outta job with peace.  C'mon! Just click it, don't change
the settings, just click it.  What's going on?  Jimmy, stay with Stark!  Lie down!  Son of a bitch!  - Wait, wait, give me a gun!
- Stay here!  Tony Stark.  LAS VEGAS,  HOURS EARLIER  Visionary. Genius.
American patriot.  Even from an early age,  the son of legendary weapons
developer Howard Stark  quickly stole the spotlight
with his brilliant and unique mind.  At age four, he built
his first circuit board.  At age six, his first engine.  And at seventeen, he graduated
Summa Cum Laude from MIT.  Then, the passing of a titan.  Howard Stark's life long friend
and ally Obadiah Stane,  steps in to help fill the gap
left by the legendary founder.  Untill at age ,
the prodigal son returns,  and is anointed the new CEO
of Stark Industries.  With the keys to the kingdom,
Tony ushers in a new era  for his father's legacy,
creating smarter weapons,  advanced robotics,
satellite targeting.  Today, Tony Stark has changed
the face of the weapons industry,  by ensuring freedom  and protecting America and
her interests around the globe.  As liaison to Stark Industries,  I've had the unique privilege
of serving with a real patriot.  He is my friend and
he is my great mentor.  Ladies and gentlemen,
it is my honor  to present this year's Apogee
Award to Mr. Tony Stark!  Tony?  Thank you, Colonel.  This is beautiful. Thank you.  Thank you all very much.
This is wonderful.  Well, I'm not Tony Stark.  But if I were Tony...  ...I would tell you
how honored I feel,  and what a joy it is to receive
this very prestigious award.  Tony, you know,
the best thing about Tony...  ...is also the worst thing -
he's always working.  C'mon!  We should just stay
till the morning.  - You are unbelievable!
- Oh, no. They roped you into this?  Nobody roped me into anything.
But they told me...  that if I presented you with an award,
you'd be deeply honored.  Of course I'd be deeply honored.
And it's you!  That's great. So when do we do it?
One more round. - There you go.  There it is. That was easy.
I'm so sorry. - Yeah, it's OK.  Wow, would you look at that?
That's... that's something else.  I don't have any of those
swooping around. All right, ride!  Give me a hand, will you?
OK, you too.  I don't blow on man's hands.  There it is! It's the Lieutenant
Colonel Rhodes' roll, and...  That's what happens.  Worse things have happened,
I think we're gonna be fine.  Color me up, will you?
- This is where I exit.  - Tomorrow don't be late.
- Yeah, you can count on it.  - I'm serious.
- I know, I know.  Render unto Caesar that which
is Caesar's. There you go.  Mr. Stark! Excuse me!
Mr. Stark!  Christine Everheart,
Vanity Fair magazine.  Can I ask you a couple of
questions? - She's cute.  - She's alright? Hi.
- Hi.  Yeah. Okay, go.  You've been called the Da Vinci of
our time. What do you say to that?  Absolutely ridiculous.
I don't paint.  And what do you say to your other
nickname, the Merchant of Death?  That's not bad.
Let me guess... Berkeley?  Brown, actually.  Well, Ms. Brown.  It's an imperfect world,
but it's the only one we've got.  I guarantee you the day weapons are
no longer needed to keep the peace,  we'll start making bricks and
beams for baby hospitals.  Rehearse that much?  Every night in front of
the mirror before bedtime.  - I can see that.
- I'd like to show you firsthand.  All I want is the serious answer.  Okay, here is serious.
My old man had a philosophy:  "Peace means having a bigger
stick than the other guy."  That's a great line, coming
from a guy selling the sticks.  My father helped defeat Nazis.
He worked on the Manhattan Project.  A lot of people, including
your professors at Brown,  would call that being a hero.  And a lot of people would
also call that war-profiteering.  Tell me, do you plan to report  on the millions we've saved by
advancing medical technology?  Or kept from starvation
with our intelli-crops?  All those breakthroughs:
military funding, honey.  Wow, did you ever lose an hour
of sleep your whole life?  I'd be prepared to
lose a few with you.  Good morning. It's  a.m.  The weather in Malibu is 
degrees with scattered clouds.  The surf conditions are fair
with waist to sholder highlines,  high tide will be at : a.m.  MALIBU, CALIFORNIA  Tony? Hey, Tony!  You are not authorized to
access this area. - Jesus!  That's Jarvis, he runs the house.  I've got your clothes here, they've
been dry cleaned and pressed.  And there's a car
waiting for you outside  that will take you
anywhere you'd like to go.  You must be the famous
Pepper Potts. - Indeed I am.  After all these years, Tony still
has you picking up the dry cleaning?  I do anything and everything
that Mr. Stark requires.  Including occasionally taking out
the trash. Would that be all?  Give me the exploded view.  The compression in cylinder 
appears to be low.  Note that.  - I'll try again later...
- Please don't turn down my music.  I'll keep you posted.  You are supposed to be half way
around the world right now.  - How did she take it?
- Like a champ.  Might've tried to
hustle me out of here.  Your flight was scheduled to
leave an hour and a half ago.  That's funny... I thought with
it being my plane and all,  that it would just wait
for me to get there.  I need to speak to you about couple of
things before I get you outta the door.  I mean, doesn't it kind of defeat the
purpose of having your own plane  if it departs before you arrive?  Larry called, he's got another
buyer for the Jackson Pollock  in the wings, do you
want it, yes or no?  Is it a good representation
of his Spring Period?  No the "Springs" is actually the
neighborhood in East Hampton,  where he lived and worked,
not "spring" like the season.  I think it's a fair example...  I think it's incredibly overpriced.  I need it. Buy it, store it.  Okay... the MIT
commencement speech.  Is in June... please, don't
harange me about that stuff.  Well, they are haragning me,
so I'm gonna say yes...  I need you to sign this
before you get on the plane.  What are you trying to get rid
of me for? What, you got plans?  - As a matter of fact, I do.
- I don't like it when you have plans.  I'm allowed to have
plans on my birthday.  It's your birthday. - Yes.
- I knew that. Already?  Yeah, isn't that strange,
it's the same day as last year.  Well, get yourself something
nice from me. - I already did.  - And?
- Oh, it was very nice.  Very tasteful.
Thank you, Mr. Stark.  You're welcome, Ms. Potts.  You're good! I thought
I've lost you back there.  You did, sir.  I took it across Mojave.
- Ah, I gotcha, I gotcha.  What's wrong with you?
- What?  Three hours! - I got caught
doing a piece for Vanity Fair.  Three hours. For three hours,
you got me standing here.  I'm waiting on you now.
Lets go. C'mon.  Wheels up! Rock and roll!  What're you reading?
- Nothing.  C'mon, sourpatch,
don't be mad.  I told you I'm not mad,
I'm indifferent, okay?  - I said I was sorry.
- Good morning, Mr. Stark.  - No need to apologize.
- I told him I was sorry but he...  I'm just indifferent right now.  You don't respect yourself,
so I know you don't respect me.  - I respect you.
- I'm just your babysitter,  and so, when you need your
diaper changed, thank you...  let me know and I'll
get you a bottle, okay?  Hey, heat up the sake, will you?
Thanks for reminding me.  I'm not talking... we're not drinking,
we're working right now.  And you are constitutionally
incapable of being responsible.  It would be irresponsible
not to drink.  I'm just talking about
the night cup. - Hot sake?  - Yes, two please.
- No, just...  I'm not drinking,
I don't want any.  That's what I'm talking about.
When I get up in the morning,  and I'm putting on my uniform,
you know what I recognize?  I see in that mirror that every
person that's got this uniform  will get my back! - Here we
go again. I'm not like you.  No, you don't have to be like me.
But you're more than... yes you are.  Will you excuse me,
I'm a little bit distracted here.  No, you can't be distracted
right now. Listen to me!  BAGRAM AIR BASE,
AFGHANISTAN  General.  Welcome, Mr. Stark.  We look forward to your
weapons presentation.  Is it better to be feared
or respected?  And I say, is it too much
to ask for both?  With that in mind, I humbly
present the crown jewel  of Stark Industries freedom line.
It's the first missile system  to incorporate our proprietary
repulsor technology.  They say the best weapon is
one you never have to fire.  I respectfully disagree.  I prefer the weapon you
only have to fire once.  That's how dad did it,
that's how America does it...  and it's worked out
pretty well so far.  Find an excuse to let
one of these off the chain,  and I personally guarantee you  the bad guys won't even want
to come out of their caves.  For your consideration,
the Jericho.  We throw one of these in with every
purchase of  million or more.  To peace!  - Tony.
- Obie, what are you doing up?  I couldn't sleep till I found out
how it went. How did it go?  Went great, looks like it's
gonna be an early Christmas.  Hey, way to go, my boy.
I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?  Why aren't you wearing
those pyjamas I got you?  Good night, Tony.  Hey Tony!  I'm sorry, this is the fun-vee.
The hum-drum-vee is back there.  - Nice job.
- See you back at base.  I wouldn't do that if I were you.  What the hell did you do to me?  What I did?  What I did is to save your life.  I removed all the shrapnel I could,
but there's a lot left,  and it's headed into
your atrial septum.  Here, wanna see?  I have a souvenir.
Take a look.  I've seen many wounds
like that in my village.  We call them the walking dead.  Because in takes about a week for
the balls to reach the vital organs.  - What is this?
- That is an electromagnet.  Hooked up to a car battery.  And it's keeping the shrapnel
from entering your heart.  That's right. Smile!  We met once, you know.  At the technical
conference in Bern.  - Don't remember.
- No, you wouldn't.  If I had been that drunk,
I wouldn't have been able to stand,  much less give a lecture
on integrated circuits.  Where are we?  Come on, stand up.
Stand up.  Do as I do.  C'mon, put your hands up.  Those are my guns.
How did they get my guns?  Do you understand me?
Do as I do.  He says: "Welcome Tony Stark,  the most famous mass murderer
in the history of America."  He is honored.  He wants you to build a missile.  The Jericho missile
that you demonstrated.  This one.  I refuse.  Tony!  He wants to know
what you think.  I think he got a lot
of my weapons.  He says they have everything you
need to build a Jericho missile.  He wants you to make
the list of materials.  He says for you to start
working immediately,  and when you're done,
he will set you free.  No, I won't.  No, he won't.  I'm sure they're
looking for you, Stark.  But they will never find
you in these mountains.  Look...  What you just saw...
that is your legacy, Stark.  Your life's work in the
hands of those murderers.  Is that how you want to go out?  Is this the last act of defiance
of the great Tony Stark?  Or are you going to do
something about it?  Why should I do anything?
They're gonna kill me, you...  Either way, if they don't,
I'll probably be dead in a week.  Well then... this is a very
important week for you, isn't it?  If this is gonna be my workstation,  I want it well lit,
I want all of these tools.  Welding gear, I don't care if it's
acetylene or propane.  I need a soldering station,
I need helmets,  I need goggles,
I would like a smelting cup.  I need two sets
of precision tools.  How many languages do you speak?  A lot. But apparently
not enough for this place.  They speak arabic,
urdu, dari, pashto,  mongolian, farsi, russian.  Who are these people?  They are your loyal
customers, sir.  They call themselves
The Ten Rings.  You know, we might
be more productive  if you include me in the
planning proces? - Aha.  Okay. We don't need this.  What is that?  That's palladium, . grams.
We need at least .,  so why don't you go break
down the other eleven.  What are they doing?  Working.  Careful. Careful, we only
get one shot at this.  Relax, I've steady hands.  Why do you think
you're still alive, huh?  What do I call you?  - My name is Yinsen.
- Yinsen... nice to meet you.  Nice to meet you too.  Wow, that doesn't look
like a Jericho missile.  That's because it is a
miniaturized Arc reactor.  We got a big one powering
my factory at home.  It should keep the shrapnel
out of my heart.  But what could it generate?  If my math is right,
and it always is...  three gigajoules per second.  That could run your heart
for the  lifetimes. - Yeah.  Or something big for  minutes.  This is our ticket outta here.
- What is it?  'Flying the mountain' look.  Impressive.  Shesh Besh.  Good roll.
Good roll.  You still didn't tell me
where you're from.  I'm from a small
town called Gulmira.  It's actually a nice place.  - You got a family?
- Yes.  And I will see them
when I leave here.  And you, Stark?  Nothing.  No.  So you're a man who has
everything... and nothing.  Doesn't look anything
like the photo.  Maybe he modified it.  - The tail doesn't seem right.
- Well, too bad.  Relax.  The bow and arrow once was the
pinacle of weapons technology.  It allowed the great Genghis Khan  to rule from the Pacific
to the Ukraine.  An empire twice the size
of Alexander the Great.  And four times the size
of the Roman empire.  But today,  whoever holds the latest
Stark weapons,  rules these lands.  And soon...  ...it will be my turn.  Why did you fail me?  We're working on it.
Diligently.  I spared your life.  Is this how you repay me?  It's very complex.  We're trying hard.  On your knees.  You think I'm an idiot?  Tell me the truth.  We are working hard.  Open your mouth.  - What does he want?
- You think I'm a fool?  What is going on?  Tell me the truth.  We are working on Jericho.  What do you want,
a delivery date?  I need him.  He's a good assistant.  You have till tomorrow...  ...to assemble my missile.  - Okay?
- Yes.  Can you move?  Say it again.   steps straight ahead,  then  steps, left from
the door, four to the right.   steps, turn right.  Where is Stark?  He was here a moment ago.  Go find him!  Yinsen!  Yinsen!
Stark!  Say something.  He is speaking hungarian,
I don't...  - Speak hungarian.
- Okay...  What do you know?  - How did that work?
- Oh my goodness.  - It worked all right.
- What do I do?  - Let me finish this.
- Finish last powering sequence.  Okay.  Now! Tell me, tell me!  F . Tell me when you
see a progress bar.  It should be up right now.  Talk to me, tell me when
you see it. - I have it.  - Press Ctrl + I.
- Got it.  'Enter'. I, 'Enter'. Come over
here and button me up.  They are coming!  Doesn't need to look pretty,
just get it done.  They are coming.  Make sure that checkpoints are
clear before you follow me out, OK?  We need more time.  Okay.  I'm gonna go
buy you some time.  Stick to the plan!  Stick to the plan!  Yinsen!  - Yinsen!
- Watch out!  Stark.  Come on. We gotta go.  Move with me. C'mon, we got
a plan, we need to stick to it.  This was always the plan, Stark.  Come on, you're going to
go see your family again.  My family is dead.  I'm going to see them now, Stark.  It's okay.
It's okay.  I want this.
I want this.  Thank you for saving me.  Don't waste it.
Don't waste your life.  My turn.  Not bad.  How was the fun-vee?  Next time you ride with me, okay?  Watch it coming up here.  Are you kidding me with this?
Get rid of them.  Your eyes are red.  Few tears for your
long lost boss?  Tears of joy.
I hate job hunting.  Yeah, vacation's over.  Where to, sir?  Take us to the hospital, please.
- No. - No? Tony...  - You have to go to the hospital.
- I don't have to do anything.  I was in captivity for three months.
There are two things I want to do.  I want an American cheeseburger...  ...and the other one...
- That's not going to happen.  It's not what you think. I want you
to call for a press conference now.  Call for a press conference?
What on earth for?  Yeah, Hogan, drive.
Cheeseburger first.  Look at this!  Tony!  I thought you'll be
in a hospital.  Look at you!  Oh, burger, you had
to have a burger.  Did you get me one of those?  There was only one left,
I needed it.  Hey, look who's here!  - Ms. Potts?
- Yes.  May I speak with you
for a moment?  I'm not part of the press conference,
but it's about to begin right now.  I am not a reporter.
I'm agent Phil Coulson,  with the Strategic
Homeland Intervention,  Enforcement and
Logistics Division.  - That's quite a mouthful.
- I know. We're working on it.  We've been approached
already by the DOD, FBI, CIA...  We are a separate division.
With a more specific focus.  We need to debrief Mr. Stark about
the circumstances of his escape.  - I'll put something in a book,
shell I? - Thank you.  Hey, would it be alright
if everyone sat down?  Will you sit down? That way
you can see me, and I can...  A little less formal...  What's up with the lovin'?  Don't look at me,
I don't know what he's up to.  - Good to see you.
- Good to see you.  I never got to say
goodbye to dad.  I never got to say
goodbye to my father.  There's questions that
I would've asked him.  I would've asked him how he felt
about what his company did...  ...if he was conflicted,
if he ever had doubts.  Or maybe he was every inch of a man
we all remember from the newsreels.  I saw young Americans killed...  ...by the very weapons I created
to defend them and protect them.  And I saw that I had
become part of a system  that is comfortable with
zero-accountability.  What happened over there?  I had my eyes opened.  I came to realize that
I have more to offer  this world than just making
things that blow up.  And that is why, effective
immediately, I'm shutting down  the weapons manufacturing
division of Stark International...  ...untill such a time,
as I can decide  what the future of
this company will be,  what direction it should take,
the one I'm comfortable with,  and is consistant with the highest
good of this country and the world.  What we should
take away from this...  ...is that Tony's back!  And he's healthier than ever.  We are gonna have a little
internal discussion  and we'll get back to
you with a follow-up.  - Where is he?
- He's inside.  That... that went well.  Did I just paint a target
on the back of my head?  Your head?
What about my head?  What do you think the over-under
on a stock drop is gonna be?  - Optimistically?  Points?
- At minimum.  Tony, we're a
weapons manufacturer.  Obie, I just... I don't want
the body count to be up...  That's what we do. We're iron
mongers, we make weapons.  My name is on facade
of the building.  What we do keeps the world
from falling into chaos.  Not based on what I saw.  We're not doing a
good enough job.  We can do better, we're
gonna do something else.  Oh, like what? You want us
to make baby bottles?  I think we should take another
look into Arc Reactor technology.  Oh, come on. The Arc Reactor,
that's a publicity stunt!  Tony, c'mon! We built that thing
to shut the hippies up!  - It works.
- Yeah, as a science project.  The Arc was never cost-effective.
We knew that before we built it.  Arc Reactor technology,
that's a dead end, right?  - Maybe.
- Am I right?  We haven't had a breakthrough
in that, in what...  years.  That's what they say.  Could you have a
lousier poker face?  Just tell me, who told you?
- Never mind who told me.  - Show me.
- Rhodey or Pepper.  - I wanna see it.
- Okay, Rhodey.  It works.  Listen to me, Tony.  We are a team,
do you understand?  There's nothing we can't do
if we stick together,  like your father and I.  I'm sorry I didn't give you a
heads up, okay? But if I had...  Tony, no more of this
'ready - fire - aim' business.  - Do you understand me?
- That was dad's line.  You gotta let me handle this.  We're gonna have to play whole
different kind of ball now.  We're gonna have to
take a lot of heat.  I want you to promise me
that you're gonna lay low.  Stark Industries. I've got one
recommendation. Ready, ready?  Sell, sell, sell!  Abandon ship!  Does the'Hindenburg'
ring any bells?  Let me show you the new
Stark Industries business plan!  Look, that's a weapons company
that doesn't make weapons!  Pepper!
How big are your hands?  - What?
- How big are your hands?  - I don't understand why...
- Get down here. I need you.  Hey!  Let's see them.
Show me your hands.  Let's see them.  Oh, wow, they are small.
Very petite, indeed.  I just need your
help for a sec.  Oh my God, is that the thing
that's keeping you alive?  It was, it is now an antique.  This is what will be keeping me
alive for the foreseeable future.  I was swapping it up
for an upgraded unit  and I just ran into a
little... speed bump.  Speed bump?
What's happening?  It's nothing,
it's just a little snag.  There's an exposed wire
under this device  and is contacting a socket wall  and is causing a little
bit of a short circuit.  What do you want me to do?  Put that on the table over
there. That is irrelevant.  I just want you to reach in...  and you're just gonna
gently lift the wire out.  Is it safe?  Yeah, it should be fine.
It's just like an operation,  you just don't let it
touch the socket wall.  - What's Operation?
- It's just a game, never mind.  - Just gently lift the wire.
- Okay. - Okay? Great.  You know, I don't think
that I am qualified to do this.  No, no, you're fine.
You're the most capable,  qualified and trustworthy
person I've ever met.  You're gonna do great.  Is it too much of a problem to ask?
Cause I really need your help here.  - Oh, there's pus!
- It's not pus.  It's a plasmic discharge, it's from
the device, not from my body.  - It smells!
- Yeah, it does.  The copper wire.  The copper wire, you got it?
- I got it.  Now don't let it touch...  ...the sides, that's what I was
trying to tell you before.  Okay, now make sure that
when you pull it out,  you don't pull out the magnet
and the end of it. That was it...  ...that you just pulled out.
- Oh God. OK, what do I do?  - Don't put it back in!
- What's wrong?  Nothing, I'm just going into cardiac
arrest cause you yanked out...  - What? I thought you said this
was safe! - We gotta hurry.  Take this, you gotta switch,
real quick. - Okay, okay.  Tony, it's gonna be okay.
I'm gonna make this okay.  You gotta touch
that to base plate.  And make sure you...  Was that so hard?  That was fun, right?
I got it, I got it.  Nice.  - Are you okay?
- Yeah, I feel great.  Are you okay?  Don't ever, ever...  ...ever ask me to do anything
like that ever again.  I don't have anyone but you.  Are we ready?  What do you want me
to do with this?  That? Destroy it.
Incinerate it.  You don't wanna keep it?  Pepper, I've been
called many things.  Nostalgic is not one of them.  - Would that be all, Mr. Stark?
- That would be all, Ms. Potts.  Hey butterfingers, come here.  What's all this stuff doing
on top of my desk?  That's my phone, that's
a picture of me and my dad...  Right there. In garbage.
All that stuff.  The future of air combat.  Is it manned or unmanned?  I tell you, in my experience,
no unmanned aerial vehicle  will ever trump
a pilot's instinct,  his insight - that ability
to look into a situation  beyond the obvious
and discern its outcome.  Or pilot's judgement.  Colonel, it's... why not
a pilot without a plane?  Look who fell outta the sky!
Mr. Tony Stark.  Speaking about manned
or unmanned,  you gotta get him to tell you
about the time he guessed wrong.  It's spring break,
just remember that.  Spring break , that lovely
lady, what was his name?  Was it Ivan?  Don't do that, they'll believe it.
Don't do that.  Give us a couple
of minutes, you guys.  - I'm surprised.
- Why?  I swear I didn't expect to see
you walking around so soon.  I'm doing a little
better than walking.  - Really?
- Yeah.  Rhodey, I'm working
on something big.  I came to talk to you.
I want you to be part of it.  You're about to make a whole lotta
people around here real happy,  cause that little stunt at the
press conference, that was juicy.  This is not for the military.
I'm not... it's different.  What, are you humanitarian
now or something?  I need you to listen to me.  No, what you need is time
to get your mind right.  I'm serious.  It was nice seeing you, Tony.  Thanks.  - Jarvis, are you up?
- For you sir, always.  I'd like to open a new
project file, index as: Mark .  Shell I store this on the Stark
Industries' central database?  I don't know who to trust
right now. Till further notice,  why don't we just keep everything
on my private server.  Working on a secret
project, are we, sir?  I don't want this winding
up in the wrong hands.  Maybe in mine it could
actually do some good.  Next.  Up.  Not the boot, Dummy, right here.
You got me?  Stay put. Nice.  And you, you're no better
at it at all. Lift... I got it.  Okay, I'm sorry,
am I in your way?  Up.  That's great, don't even move.  You... are a tragedy.  Okay, lets do this right.  Start mark, half meter
back of the center.  Dummy, look for light.
Stand back for fire safety.  You, roll it.  Activate hand controls.  We are gonna start up
nice and easy,  raising % thrust capacity
to achieve lift.  And , , .  Up two? Alright, step back.  I've been buzzing you.
Did you hear the intercom?  Yeah, everything's... what?  - Obadiah's upstairs.
- Great, I'll be right up.  I thought you said you were
done making weapons?  It isn't. This is
a flight stabilizer.  It's completely harmless.  I didn't expect that.  How'd it go?  Oh, went that bad huh?  Just because I brought
pizza back from New York  doesn't mean it went bad.
- Sure doesn't. Oh, boy.  It would've gone better
if you were there.  You told me to lay low and
that's what I've been doing.  I lay low and you
take care of all the...  Hey, c'mon.
In public, the press...  This was a Board of
Directors meeting.  This was a Board of
Directors meeting?  The Board is claiming
a Post Traumatic Stress.  They are filing an injunction.
- A what?  They wanna lock you out.  Why, cause the stocks dip  points?
We knew this was gonna happen.  -  and a half.
- It doesn't matter.  We own a controlling
interest in the company.  Tony, the Board has rights too.  They are making the case that
you and your new direction  isn't in a company's
best interest.  I'm being responsible.
That's a new direction.  I mean, me on the company's behalf
being responsible for the way that...  - Oh, this is great!
- Oh c'mon, wait! Tony, Tony!  - I'll be in the shop.
- Hey, hey, Tony, listen.  I'm trying to turn
this thing around,  but you gotta give me something.
Something to pitch them.  Let me have the engineers
analyze that, you know,  draw some specs.
- No.  No. Absolutely not.
This one stays with me.  That's it Obie.
Forget it.  Alright, well this
stays with me then.  Go on, here, you can have
a piece. Take two. - Thank you.  Do you mind if I come down there
to see what you're doing?  Good night, Obie.  Day , Test ,
Configuration ..  For lack of a better option,
Dummy is still on fire safety.  If you douse me again,
and I'm not on fire,  I'm donating you to a city college.
Alright, nice and easy.  Seriously, just gonna start off
with % thrust capacity.  And , , .  Please don't follow me around
with it either cause I feel  like I'm going to catch on fire
spontaneously. Just stand down.  If something happens,
then come in.  Again, lets bring it up to .%.
, , ...  Okay, this is where
I don't want to be.  Not the car,
not the car.  It could be worse.
We are fine.  Okay, we are getting there.  Yeah. I can fly.  - Jarvis, are you there?
- At your service, sir.  Engage head up display.
Check.  Import all preferences
from home interface.  Will do, sir.  Alright, what do you say?  I have indeed been uploaded,
sir. We're online and ready.  Start the virtual walkaround.  Importing preferences and
calibrating virtual environment.  - Do a check on control surfaces.
- As you wish.  Test complete. Preparing to
power down and begin diagnostics.  Ah, yes... tell you what.
Do a weather and ATC check.  Start listening
the ground control.  Sir, there are still terabytes
of calculations needed  before an actual flight.
- Jarvis...  Sometimes you gotta run
before you can walk.  Ready? And , , .  It feels like a dream.  Alright, lets see what
this thing can do.  What's the SR-'s record?  The altitude record for fixed-wing
flight is . feet, sir.  Records are made
to be broken. C'mon!  Sir, there is a potentially fatal
build-up of ice occuring.  Keep going!  Higher!  We're iced up, Jarvis!
Deploy flaps.  Jarvis?  C'mon, we gotta break the ice!  Cut power.  Note: main transducer feels
sluggish at plus  altitude.  The whole pressurization
is problematic.  I'm thinking 'icy' is
a probable factor.  A very astute observation, sir.
Perhaps if you intend to visit  other planets, we should
improve the exo systems.  Connect to the Cisco, have it
reconfigure the shell metals.  Use the gold-titanium alloy from
the Seraphim tactical satellite.  That should ensure
the fuselage integrity  while maintaining power
-to-weight ratio. Got it?  Yes. Shall I render using
proposed specifications?  Thrill me.  Tonight's red hot,
red carpeted,  right here at the
Disney Concert Hall,  where Tony Stark's
third annual benefit for  the Firefighters Family Fund
has become the place to be...  Jarvis, did we get
an invite from them?  I have no record of
the invitation, sir.  ...haven't been seen in public  since his bizarre and highly
controversial press conference.  Some claim he's suffering
from PTS and has been  bed ridden for weeks.
Whatever the case may be,  no one expects an appearance
from him tonight.  The render is complete.  Little ostentatious,
don't you think?  What was I thinking?
You're usually so dicsrete.  Tell you what... throw a little
hot rot red in there.  Yes, that shall help you
keep a low profile.  The render is complete.  Yeah, I like it.
Fabricate it and paint it.  Commensing an
automated assembly.  Estimated completion
time is five hours.  Don't wait up for me, honey.  The weapons manufacturing is...  only a one small part of what
Stark Industries is all about...  - Hey Tony, remember me?
- I sure don't.  You look great, Hef.  What's the world coming to when
a guy's gotta crash his own party?  Look at you!  - Hey, what a surprise!
- I'll see you inside.  Listen, take it slow, alright?  I got the Board where
I really want them.  You got it. Just cabin fever,
I'll just be a minute.  Give me a Scotch,
I'm starving.  - Mr. Stark?
- Yeah?  - Agent Coulson.
- Oh yeah, the guy from the...  Strategic Homeland
Intervention  Enforcement and
Logistics Division.  God, you got... you need
a new name for that.  Yeah, I hear that a lot.  Listen, I know this must be
a trying time for you,  but we need to debrief you.  There's still a lot of
unanswered questions,  and time can be a factor
with these things.  Lets just put something
on the books.  How about the th, at  p.m.
at Stark Industries?  Tell you what... you got it.
You're absolutely right.  Well... I'm gonna go to my
assistant and we'll make it date.  You look fantastic,
I didn't recognise you.  - What are you doing here?
- Avoiding government agents.  - Are you here by yourself?
- Where'd you get that dress?  It was a birthday present
from you, actually.  - I have great taste.
- Yes.  - You, uh, wanna dance?
- Oh, no, thank you. No.  Am I making you uncomfortable?  No, no.  I always forget to
wear a deodorant,  and dance with my boss
in front of everyone  that I work with,
in a dress with no back.  - You look great, you
smell great. - Oh, God.  But I could fire you,
if that'd take the edge off.  I actually don't think that you
could tie your shoes without me.  - I'd make it a week.  Really? What's your
social security number?  - Five.
- Five?  You're missing just a
couple of digits there.  The other eight? That's why
I got you, for the other eight.  - How about a little air?
- Yes, I need some air.  - That was totally wierd.
- Totally harmless.  It was totally not harmless,
by the way.  - Nobody was watching us.
- Everybody who I work with...  I think you lost objectivity.
I think they... we just danced.  No, it was not
just the dance!  You don't understand
because you're you.  And everybody knows exactly who
you are, and how you are with girls.  And all that,
which is completely fine...  But you know, then me, you're
my boss and I'm dancing...  Because it makes me look like...
the one who's trying to...  I just think you're
overstating, that's all.  And we're here, and then I'm...
wearing this ridiculous dress...  And then we were
dancing like that and...  - I would like a drink, please.
- Got it.  I would like a
vodka martini, please.  Very dry with olives,
lot of olives,  like at least three olives.  Two vodka martinis, extra dry,
extra olives, extra fast.  Make one of them dirty.  - Well... Tony Stark!
- Oh, hey!  Fancy seeing you here.  - Carrie. - Christine.
- That's right.  You have a lot of nerve
showing up here tonight.  Can I at least get
a reaction from you?  Panic. I would say
panic is my reaction.  I was reffering to your
company's involvement  in this latest attrocity.
- They just put my name  on the invitation,
I don't know what to tell you.  I actually almost bought it,
hook, line and sinker.  I was out of town for a couple
of months, in case you didn't hear.  Is this what you call
accountability?  It's a town called Gulmira.
Heard of it?  - When were these taken?
- Yesterday.  - I didn't approve any shipment.
- Well, your company did.  Well, I'm not my company.  - Please, do you mind?
- Have you seen these pictures?  - What's going on? - Tony, you
can't afford to be this naive.  I was naive before,
when they said:  Here's the line, we don't cross it,
this is how we do business.  If we're double-dealing
under the table... are we?  Let's take a picture.
Come on.  Picture time!  Tony... who do you
think locked you out?  I was the one who filed
the injunction against you.  It's the only way
I can protect you.  The fifteen miles hike
to the outskirts of Gulmira  can only be described
as a 'descent into Hell'.  Into a modern day
heart of darkness.  Simple farmers and herders
from peaceful villages  have been driven
from their homes  displaced from their
lands by warlords,  emboldened by
a newfound power.  Villagers have been
forced to take shelter  in whatever ways
that they can find.  In the ruins of other villages  or here, in the remnants of
the old Soviet smelting plant.  Recent violence has been
attributed to a group  of foreign fighters, reffered to
by locals as the Ten Rings.  As you can see, these men are
heavily armed and on a mission.  A mission that can prove fatal to
anyone who stands in their way.  With no political will or
international pressure,  there's very little hope
for these refugees.  Around me, a woman begging
for news on her husband  who was kidnapped
by insurgents.  Either forced to
join their militia...  ...to anyone who will stop
a child's simple question:  "Where are my
mother and father?"  There's very little hope
for these refugees,  refugees who can only wonder
who, if anyone, will help.  Faster!  Women on the trucks!
The weapons here!  Abandon houses!
Hurry up!  Hold this rebel!  Put him with the others.  Father!  What the hell is this?  Kill this bastard!  You are incopetent!  Turn your head!  Father!  He is all yours.  AIR BASE EDWARDS,
CALIFORNIA  - What the hell was that?
- Are we clear to go in there?  No, sir. They were
using human shields.  We never got the green light.  Department of State,
they're gonna be all over this.  We got a bogey.  Is CIA on the line?  I got them on line,
they wanna know if it's us.  No, that definitely
is not us, sir.  - It wasn't navy.
- Wasn't marines.  I need answers! Can I please
get eyes on target?  Get me colonel Rhodes  from the Weapons developement
down here now!  We ran an ID check
and crossed reference  with all known databases.
We have nothing.  Any high-altitude surveillance
in the region?  We've got an AWAC and
a Global Hawk in the area.  So this things just
appeared out of nowhere?  How come it didn't
show up on the Radar?  It's got a minimum Radar
cross-section, sir.  - Is it stealth?
- No, sir. It's tiny.  We think it's an
unmanned aerial vehicle.  Colonel, what are we
dealing with here?  I'm gonna make a call.  - Hello?
- Tony?  - Who is this?
- It's Rhodes.  Sorry, hello?  - I said it's Rhodes.
- Speak up, please.  - What the hell is that noise?
- I'm driving with the top down.  Yeah, well I need
your help right now.  It's funny how
that works, huh?  Yeah, speaking of funny,
we got a weapons depot  that was just blown up
a few cliques from where  you've been held captive.
- Well, that's a hot spot.  Sounds like someone stepped in
and did you job for you.  Why do you sound
out of breath, Tony?  - I was just jogging at the canyon.
- I thought you were driving.  Right, I was driving to the
canyon where I'm gonna jog.  Are you sure you don't have
any tech in that area...  ...I should know about?
- Nope.  Bogey spotted!  Okay, good, cause I'm
staring at one right now  and it's about to be
blown to kingdom come  War room, this is Whiplash One.
I've got the bogey in my sight.  - Whiplash One, what is it?
- I've got no idea.  - You have radio contact?
- Non responsive, sir.  Then you are clear to engage.  Bogey just went supersonic.
I got a lock!  Incoming missile.
- Flairs!  Wait a second!
Bogey deployed flairs.  Deploy flaps!  Holly... this thing just
drove off the Radar, sir!  Satellite image has been lost.  - No way that's the U.A.V.
- What is it?  I can't see anything.  Whatever it was,
it just bought the farm.  I think bogey has
been handled, sir.  - Hello? - Hi, Rhodey, it's me.
- It's who?  I'm sorry, it IS me. You asked
what that was, and it was me.  No, see.. this isn't a game.
You do not send civilian equipment  into my active war zone.
You understand that?  It's not a piece of equipment.
I am in it. It's a suit. It's me!  Rhodey, you got anything for me?  Mark your position and
return to base. - Roger that.  On your belly!
It looks like a... man!  Shake him off!
Move, move!  I'm hit!
I'm hit!  Eject! Eject!  Whiplash One down.  - Whiplash , do you see a chute?
- Negative! No chute! No chute!  My chute's jammed!  Sir, I've got a visual
on a bogey.  Whiplash , reengage. If you
get a clear shot, you take it!  Major, we don't even know what we're
shooting at. Call off the Raptors.  That thing just took out an F-
inside the legal no-fly zone.  Whiplash , if you have
a clear shot, take it.  They've been reengaged.
Execute evasive maneuver.  Keep going!  Got a chute!
Got a chute!  - Tony, are you still there?
- Hey, thanks.  Oh my God, you crazy
son of a bitch!  You owe me a plane,
you know that, right?  Yeah, well, technically
he hit me, so...  Now are you gonna come by and
see what I'm working on? - No, no.  The less I know the better.  Now what am I supposed
to tell to the press?  Training excercise.
Isn't that the usual BS?  It's not that simple.  An unfortunate
training excercise  involving an F- Raptor
occurred yesterday.  I'm pleased to report that
the pilot was not injured.  As for the unexpected turn of
events on the ground in Gulmira,  it is still unclear who
or what intervened,  but I can assure you that the U.S.
government was not involved.  Oh, it isn't that bad, sir.  Sir, the more you struggle,
the more this is going to hurt.  Be gentle,
this is my first time.  I designed this to come off.  Please try not to move.  What's going on here?  Let's face it, this is not the worst
thing you've caught me doing.  Are those bullet holes?  Welcome.  Compliments of Tony Stark.  If you killed him when you were
supposed to, you'd still have a face.  You paid us trinkets
to kill a prince.  Show me the weapon.  Come. Leave your
guards outside.  His escape bore
unexpected fruit.  So this is how he did it.  This is only a first crude effort.
Stark has perfected his design.  He has made a
masterpiece of death.  A man with a dozen of these
can rule all of Asia.  And you dream of Stark's throne.  We have a common enemy.  We are still in business.  I will give you these designs...  ...as a gift.  And in return...  ...I hope you repay me
with a gift of iron soldiers.  This is the only gift
you will recieve.  Technology.  That's always been your Achilles
heel in this part of the world.  Don't worry. It will only
last for  minutes.  That's the least
of your problems.  Bring the armour
and the rest of it.  Alright, lets finish up here.  Set up Sector 
underneath the Arc reactor.  And I want this dead and masked.
Recruit our top engineers.  I want a prototype right away.  Are you busy?  I need you to go to my office
and hack into the mainframe.  You're gonna retrieve all
the recent shipping manifests.  This is a lock chip,
this will get you in.  It's probably under
Executive Files, if not...  they put it on a ghost drive,
in which case you need to look  for the lowest
numeric heading.  And what do you plan to do
with this information  if I bring it back here?
- Same drill.  They've been dealing under
the table, I'm gonna stop them.  I'm gonna find my weapons
and destroy them.  Tony...  you know that I would
help you with anything,  but I can not help you if you're
gonna start all of this again.  There is nothing except this.
There's no art openings,  there's no benefit,
there's nothing to sign.  There's the next mission,
and nothing else.  Is that so?  Well, then I quit.  You stood by my side
all these years  while I reaped the
benefits of destruction.  And now that I'm trying
to protect the people  that I've put in harm's way,
your going to walk out?  You're gonna kill yourself, Tony.
I'm not gonna be a part of it.  I shouldn't be alive...
unless it was for a reason.  I'm not crazy, Pepper.  I just finally know
what I have to do.  And I know in my heart
that it's right.  You're all I have
too, you know.  Sector ?  What are you up to, Obadiah?  You did not tell us that
the target you paid us to kill  was the great Tony Stark.
As you can see,  Obadiah Stane, your deception
and lies will cost you dearly.  The price to kill Tony Stark
has just gone up.  So... what are we
gonna do about this?  I know what you're
going through, Pepper.  Ah, Tony. He always gets
the good stuff, doesn't he?  I was so happy...  when he came home. It was like
we got him back from the dead.  And now I realise...  ...well, Tony never really
did come home, did he?  He left a part of himself
in that cave.  Breaks my heart.  Well...  He is a complicated person.  He's been through a lot.
I think he'll be alright.  You are a very rare woman.  Tony doesn't know
how lucky he is.  Thank you. Thanks.  I gotta get back there.  Is that today's paper?  Yes.  - Do you mind?
- Not at all.  - Puzzle.
- Of course.  Take care.  Ms. Potts?
We had an appointment.  Did you forget about
our appointment?  Nope. Right now,
come with me.  I'll give you the meeting
of your life. Your office.  We've been working our best.  Absolutely, we're... I'm gonna
have to call you back.  Mr. Stane? Sir, we've explored
what you've asked us  and it seems as though there's
a little hiccup, actually...  - A hiccup?
- Yes, to power the suit...  sir, the technology actually
doesn't exist. So it's...  Wait, wait, the technology?  William, here is
the technology.  I've asked you to simply
make it smaller.  Okay, sir, that's what
we're trying to do,  but honestly,
it's impossible.  Tony Stark was able
to build this in a cave!  With a box of scraps!  I'm sorry.
I'm not Tony Stark.  Tony?  Tony, are you there?  Breathe.  Easy, easy...  You remember this one, right?  It's a shame the government
didn't approve.  There are so many applications
regarding short-term paralysis.  Ah, Tony.  When I ordered
the hit on you,  I was worried that I was...  ...killing the golden goose.  But, you see...  it was just fate
that you survived it,  leaving one last
golden egg to give.  You really think that just
because you have an idea,  it belongs to you?  Your father, he helped to
give us the atomic bomb.  Now what kind of world
would it be today  if he was as selfish as you?  Oh, it's beautiful.  Ah, Tony...  This is your Ninth Symphony.  What a masterpiece!
Look at that.  This is your legacy.  The generation of weapons...  ...with this at its heart.  The weapons that will help
stir the world back on course.  With the balance of power
in our hands.  In the right hands.  I wish you could see
my prototype.  It's not as... not as
conservative as yours.  Too bad you had to
involve Pepper in this.  I would've prefered
that she lived.  What do you mean he paid
to have Tony killed?  Pepper, slow down.  Why would Obadiah...
okay, where is Tony now?  I don't know, he's not
answering his phone.  Please go there and make
sure everything's okay.  Thank you, Rhodey.
I know a shortcut.  Good boy.  Tony?  Tony?  Tony?  Tony!  - Are you okay?
- Where is Pepper?  She's fine. She's with five agents
that are about to arrest Obadiah.  That's not gonna be enough.  Section .  Section ...  There it is.  My key's not working,
it's not opening the door.  Wow, what is that? It's like
a little device, like a thing  that's gonna pick the lock?
-You may wanna take few steps back.  That's the coolest thing I've
ever seen. - Not bad, huh?  Let's do it.  You need me to do
anything else?  Keep the skies clear.  Damn!  Next time, baby.  Looks like you were right.  He was building a suit.  I thought it'll be bigger.  Take him out!  How do you think the Mark One
chest piece is gonna hold up?  % power and falling, sir.  That chest piece was never
designed for sustained flight.  Keep me posted.  - Pepper.
- Tony?  - Tony, are you okay?
- I'm fine.  - Obadiah, he's gone insane.
- I know. Listen!  - You better get outta there!
- He built the suit.  Get outta there, right now!  Where do you think
you're going?  Your services are
no longer required.  Stane!  - I love this suit!
- Put them down.  Collateral damage, Tony.  Defer the power
to chest piece.  Power reduced to %.  Lady!  For thirty years,
I've been holding you up.  I built this company
from nothing!  And nothing is gonna
stand in my way.  And least of all, you.  Impressive!
You upgraded your armour.  I've made some
upgrades of my own.  Sir, it appears that
his suit can fly.  Duly noted. Take me
to the maximum altitude.  With only % power, the odds
of reaching that altitude...  I know the math! Do it!  Sir, you're not gonna believe this.
That thing is back.  Get me major Allen.
Scramble the jets!  Not necessary, people,
just the training exercise.  - % power, sir.
- Climb!  -%.
- Keep going!  - % power. - Just leave it on
the screen, stop telling me.  You had a great idea, Tony,  but my suit is more
advanced in every way!  How'd you solve
the icing problem?  Icing problem?  Might want to look into it.  %.  We are now running on
emergency backup power.  - Potts!
- Tony!  Oh my God, are you okay?  I'm almost dead of power,
I gotta get out of this thing.  I'll be right there.
- Nice try.  Weapons status?  Repulsors are off line.  Flairs!  Very clever, Tony.  - Potts.
- Tony!  This isn't working, we're gonna
have to overload the reactor  and blast the roof.
- How are you gonna do that?  You're gonna do it.  Go to the central console,
open up bolt of circuits.  When I clear the roof
I'll let you know  and you're gonna hit
the master bypass button.  That's gonna fry
everything up here.  Okay, I am going in now.  Make sure you wait till I clear
the roof, I'll buy you some time.  This looks important.  I never had a taste
for this sort of thing,  but I must admit, I'm
deeply enjoying the suit.  You finally outdid
yourself, Tony.  It would've made
your father proud.  It's ready, Tony!
Get off the roof!  Tony!  How ironic, Tony!  Trying to free
the world of weapons,  you gave it
the best one ever!  - Pepper!
- And now...  I'm gonna kill you with it!  You ripped up my
targeting system.  - Hit the button!
- You told me not to!  Hold still, you little prick.  - Just do it!
- You'll die!  Push it!  Tony!  We've all received
the official statement  of what occured at
Stark Industries last night.  There have been unconfirmed
reports that a robotic prototype  malfunctioned and caused
damage to the Arc reactor.  "Iron Man", that's kinda catchy.
It's got a nice ring to it.  It's not technically accurate,
since it's a gold-titanium alloy,  but it's kinda attractive
name anyway.  Here is your alibi.  - Okay.
- You were on your yacht.  We told Pepper to put
you in Avalon all night  and sworn statements
from  of your guests.  I was thinking maybe we should
say it was just Pepper and me,  alone on the island.  That's what happened.
Just read it word for word.  There's nothing
about Stane here.  That's been handled.
He's on vacation.  Small aircraft have such
a poor safety record.  What about this whole story
that it's a body guard?  He's my body... ?
That's kinda flimsy.  This isn't my first rodeo,
Mr. Stark.  Just stick to the official statement
and soon this will all be behind you.  You've got  seconds.  Oh, agent Coulson.  I just wanted to say thank you
very much for all of your help.  That's what we do.
You'll be hearing from us.  - From the Strategic Homeland...
- Just call us S.H.I.E.L.D.  Right.  - Lets get the show on the road.
- You know, it's actually...  ...not that bad... even I
don't think I'm Iron Man.  - You're not Iron Man.
- Yeah I am.  - You're not.
- Suite yourself.  If I were Iron Man,
I'd have this girlfriend  who knew my true identity.
She'd be a wreck.  She'd always be worrying
that I was gonna die,  and yet proud of a man
I become. She'd be...  wildly conflicted, which
would only make her more...  crazy about me. Tell me you
never think about that night?  - What night?
- You know.  Are you talking about...
the night that we danced,  and went up to the roof...  and then...  you went downstairs
to get me a drink, and you...  left me there by myself?  Is that the night
you're talking about?  I thought so.  - Will that be all, Mr. Stark?
- Yes, that'd be all, Ms. Potts.  And now Mr. Stark has
prepared a statement.  He will not be taking
any questions, thank you.  It's been a while since
I was in front of you,  I figure I'll stick
to the cards this time.  There's been speculation that
I was involved in the events  that occured on a freeway
and the rooftop...  I'm sorry Mr. Stark, but do you
honestly expect us to believe that  that was a bodyguard in a suit,
that conveniently appeared,  despite the fact that...
- I know that it's confusing...  It is one thing to question
the official story,  and another entirely
to make wild accusations  or insinuate that
I'm a superhero.  - I never said you're
a superhero. - You didn't?  Well, good, because that
would be outlandish and...  ...fantastic.  I'm just not the hero type,
clearly. With this...  long list of character defects
and all the mistakes I've made,  largely in public.  - Just stick to the cards.
- Yeah, okay.  The truth is...  I am Iron Man.  Transcript AP  Long ago that I'm
before Qty. but no evidence exists.  It has been said about my
participation on the events that occurred  - On the street ...
- Sorry, sir, but do not believe that the use  a bodyguard
be more appropriate.  Yes.  And if more
weapons in it.  One thing's have the official version and others
thing to do is point the finger  and say that I am a
kind of superhero.  You have to accept that I have
the kind of hero.  This long list of character defects
and the mistakes I made in public.  The point is ...  I am a man of iron.  - Am I wrong.
- Only some rest you will recover.  I can not go.
I'm wrong.  ARCA REACTOR  ... We are in  meters
we are about the area.  Nice to see them.
The late.  And I did.
I already did.  I'm not saying that the world has its
the longest period of uninterrupted peace  thanks to me.  I'm not saying I
spent in my captivity.  Something I had never
personified as good in history.  I'm not saying that our Uncle Sam is
not here anymore and rests in its mln.  Enjoying this because I
could find someone who is  Then, out and wins
my best day.  Thanks, do not talk about me.  I'm not talking about you  I'm not talking about us, talk
a legacy.  I speak of what we decided
leave for future generations.  That's why the entire year
and for the first time since .  The most brilliant men and women
nations and the corporate world  will pool resources and give us your
collective vision of how to build a better future.  Not for us, so as to
finish and I can tell you otherwise.  Welcomed the project.  And now I present to a client that is
special and will talk about it.  I ask for applause
for my father Howard.  Anything is possible with technology.
Better life, good health.  And for the first time in history
of humanity, the ability  world peace.  On behalf of everyone here I STARK INDUSTRY
personally presented the city's future.  The technology lets
potential for many humans.  TOXICITY %  Soon the technology will affect
how they live their daily lives.  Nothing more tedious, leave this
time for other activities.  And enjoy the sweet life.
That is Expo Stark welcome.  It is fully active
exhibition is the inauguration  and everyone tries to leave the scene.
If they can not come, do not worry  lasts all year.  You may be here in the halls stock with
inventions that come from all over the world.  Ready here we go.  Hello friends, thank you
for coming. That's cute.  Hello  What is this?  On one side you.  - Wow.
- Your autograph.  Good.  - EL is Aby.
- The teacher today.  Call me to talk, call me.  I will.  Hey friend, this is the best.
Many more opportunities.  - Many hands really.
- It was not so bad.  - If you came out perfect.
- What Car? It is the latest model.  - And it comes with the car?
- Well, I hope so.  - Hello
- Hello  - And you are?
- I'm Poli.  - This is weird.
- It's a great pleasure.  I drive, do you mind?
Where are you?  - From Redcord.
- What are you doing here?  - Buscandote.
- So here I am.  - And then?
- Bring subpoenas.  - Do not receive service.
- Yes, I'm not.  - I maintain it.
- Having been summoned to appear in  Services Committee
tomorrow at :.  - So you're a cop?
- I am the federal police.  - And bring your plate?
- You like?  Yes.  So how is Washington?  It is  km.  Mr. Stark can continue
question, Mr. Stark, please.  - Tell me baby.
- Can I ask your attention?  With pleasure.  - True or not have a weapon specialist.
- Not so.  - It is not.
- Not so.  Depends on how you define
weapon.  - The weapon of Iron Man
- My invention is not well described.  - How would you describe yourself?
- I would describe how to define what is truly Mr.  - What is this?
- An advanced prostheses.  - This is the best description I can do.
- It is a weapon, Mr. Stark hate to tell you ...  - If the Sub-Prior was serious, that ...
- No, my priority is that the gun's iron man  delivery to the people of Brazil
E.U.A..  So, forget it.  I am Iron Man suit and I are one, real
delivering Iron Man suit that I surrender.  Which is similar to slavery, depending
about the same state prostitution.  - He will not have Mr.
- Look, I'm not an expert.  In prostitution, as is thought
a Senator, please.  I am not a weapons expert.
We brought a weapons expert.  I would call our Dustin Hammer
today's top weapons contractor.  Let it be recorded that I see
Mr. Hammer entered the chamber.  And I wonder when they will arrive
weapons expert who speaks.  Actually yes, I'm not an expert,
is you.  You are the example.
Senator, if I can.  Can not be an expert, you know
Who was the expert?  Who do you think?
Haward Stark.  A father to us. E
for the entire military industry Tony.  But it must be clear that not dajar
flowers spread, it was a lion.  All we know why we are here in these six
months Tony Stark has created a weapon  with many possibilities and
He insists it is a shield.  He Confinenme
say, as I know cringe.  As I like to feel
insurance, actually, yes.  I do not
lock the house.  But never where we live
a world full of threats.  When Mr. Stark does not
have the ability to predict.  Thank you, God bless
Iron Man and the country.  Very well said Mr. Hammer.  The committee now invites the lieutenant
Colonel James Rhodes for the camera.  Rhodey "?  Friend, do not wait
see it here.  - Tony, and accept what happens with a vine?.
- Ok, I do not believe it.  I have here a complete report of the gun
Iron Man, compiled by Colonel Rhodes.  Colonel registration can
read section  on page .  Specific request you to read
parts of my report of the senator?  If Mr.  I was told it was going to testify
more comprehensive and detailed.  - There were changes, I understand Mr.
- Tell me to read numbers out of context does not reflect ...  The colonel read it I understand.
Thank you.  Very good.  Mr. and does not operate in any one branch
The government is a possible Iron Man  Risk to the safety of the nation
and their interests, but after I summarize  that the benefits of Iron Man
far outweigh its potential risks.  - Colonel Enough.
- And he gives Mr. Stark in jail ...  I do not like the idea but think
became secretary of defense.  If they ask me nice.  Now I want to show the images included
in the report, if I can.  Forgive me, I think it is premature
images reveal that the general public.  Colonel I understand, but if I could
give it to us, I appreciate it.  We can see them?  Intelligence suggests that images
these photos are attempts manned  copy of the action of Iron Man
Mr. Stark.  This was confirmed by allies
local intelligence on the ground.  Indicating that the facts are
operation at this time in the world.  Rhody "I can?  Good.
I have a control on the screen.  The weather is clear.
Well, let's see what happens.  If you direct your attention to
Neither, apparently, the screens in Korea.  - He wants to turn it off, apagenla.
- Iran.  Here I see no immediate threat
Does Justin Hammer?  When I saw the floor.
Juston get on TV.  Now turn to the left
right.  Why?  I say most has five
years and that delays suit carrier .  I just want to clarify that the pilot
survived the test.  His point is that we have finished,
I do not think ...  - And my point is that they would thank me.
- Why?  Because I am his great shield.
And it works, we are safe, the country is safe.  They want my property, not the will,
but they did a great favor.  I privatized world peace.  What more do you want?  And now.  They want to work with these
Stupid asses.  Well, Mr. Stark, great.  We went to the cattle, we get
cattle.  - Thanks.
- It was a pleasure.  Give me a hand.  My commitment is to the people.  I will serve this great nation, in
As much as I please.  And if anything has been proven is that I do
always do what I want.  Dad was already awake.  Welcome home, congratulations
the opening was a great success.  As his audience in
Senate.  I repeat that refrezcante
is to see in a video with the clothes.  Hey you. I promise to dismantle
and I'll make a tricycle with his balls.  Tell me how this day
I take squalor.  . liters to compensate for the
symptoms.  Check out my level of palladium.  Toxicity in the blood of %.  It seems that the continued use of the suit
iron man accelerated his condition.  Another core is exhausted.  They are running very fast.  I have to run all simulations with
known elements.  None serves beneficiaries
the core of palladium.  It will end on time and
Mr. options  Unfortunately, the reactor
that keeps him alive so kill.  Ms. Potts is coming
I recommend you ...  Silence.  Is this a joke?  - What are you thinking?
- Yes.  - What are you thinking?
- Yes.  I think I'm busy and you angry
I do not know why.  You're resfriadad?, I do not want to be sick.
Do not come near me.  Surrender our art collection
the modern ...  - Scouts of America.
- Scouts of America?  If a company pays
penalty, personally unpacked.  But basically, yes and no collection is nnuestra
my collection I have.  No, and you know one thing I think I can
whereas our collection  the time invested for  years
healing work, because ...  If the tax deduction.  Listen, there are  things
from which we speak.  Seriously, we need to talk.  Babas stop wasting time
another machine is already playing the part.  It's a waste of time.  I have to use cover your mouth
you feel better. Do you care?  - How rude.
- Nothing is more important for the expo.  - It's my main concern.
- Exposure is your ego crazy.  Look at this.
This really is art.  I'll hang up.  - You want to have it.
- I did not react.  - Seek to place it.
- You're crazy, this is a complete disaster.  - What do you not understand?
- No stock is rising like never before.  - You have to look out for.
- I'll give you an example.  - I change the subject.
- No, no, no.  You can not remove Parde Newman
this wall to put it.  I will not remove it, I'll replace
with this and see how it looks.  Ok, well, my point is that since
signed contracts.  - What are.
- Do not say that because I think ...  And there are many plastic trees
it was his idea actually.  - I have these people on their hands.
- It was my idea, I do not care about people liberals.  It's boring, boring, I warn you
I already got bored, do it yourself.  - Do what?
- I have an idea, everything is resolved.  - You run the company.
- Yes, I'm trying delicacy of the company.  - It was your idea, you have to move forward.
- And do not you give me the information I ask.  - I ask you.
- So I.  - That's what I try to do it.
- I need to do this.  - Do not hear me.
- You too.  I want to make a decision.  Why do not you leave me?  What I drank Tony?  Chlorophyll.  It's official, you irrevocably appoint director
Stark Industries executive from today.  Yes, that's ok.
Actually I've been thinking a lot.  Believe it or not, I was looking
candidates.  I tried to imagine who would be
my worthy successor.  And then I realized that
you.  You've always been you, I thought
but would have legal problems.  I have the right to choose my
successor.  And you will be my successor.  Congratulations.  - I take it.
- Just do not know what to say.  Baby do not think.  I'm glad you came.  It is a rich prize.  Please, can you come to sign
the transfer of power.  Your turn.  - Sorry.
- What was that?  Are mixed martial arts.
Reciste more.  This is called dirty boxing
is not new.  From boxing, boxing.  I promise this will be the only
Tony time I ask you the silks of his company.  Sorry, I need you to sign.  Lesson friend, never take
eyes ...  I'm tired.  - What's your name girl?
- Rushman, Rushman Natalie.  - Come to church.
- No, I think she ...  - If it appears to the court and if I guess.
- No problem.  I regret very eccentric.  What?  - You can take a lesson?
- Sure.  - What?
- She who is he?  She is smart and Natalie is potentially
The allegation of sexual harassment below.  - Keep watching with eyes.
- I want to know more.  - There is something wrong with that?
- And you have excellent assistants waiting to see Tony.  I do not have time to be with her or
interview, she is.  Only she is.  - Have you ever had in the box?
- A little.  Taeboo do at the gym
or on the street?  How do you spell your last name Natalie?  S U R M A N H  You go to google search?  If not let me interview her.  Miss Go, but so impressive.
Can speak French, Italian, Russian, Latin.  - America, who speaks Latin?
- Nobody speaks Latin is a dead language.  You can read here or you can write a
but no one speaks Latin.  Is modeled in Toples?
She modeled in Toples.  - Well ...
- The need is sexy, has everything.  Lesson one ever your eyes
your opponent.  Happy.  That's what I meant.  - I slip.
- Really?  I'm going.  I saw a technical knockout.  - Lord I need press.
- You have a quiet strength and eyes ..  The impression of his thumb.  - Hey How are you going?
- Well, almost finished now.  - You're the boss.
- It's everything that Mr. Stark?  - No.
- Yes, Mrs. Rushman all I really appreciate it.  - I want one.
- No.  Welcome to the Monaco Grand Prix
Historique.  Here is where they will be
expectacular competition.  Whatever happens in these 
minute is important.  You ask that?  - Mr. Stark.
- Hello  - How was your flight?
- Excellent, I love it.  - It is the photographer for the association.
- I issues.  Take that.  - You made me.
- How are you forced?  No question, she smiles.  That would be good.  - This way.
- Thanks.  - You're fantastic.
- It is very good.  And it does not work, what is the agenda?  - There is a meeting at :.
- Perfect we want to bring.  - Yes, if you can.
- Thanks, please.  Ok  Mr How are you?  Congratulations on the job.  He is very agradesco
Thank you.  - Dilon.
- Hello  The engines are fantastic.  And I'm making an electric jet.  - So?
- Yes  Work with it.  - Hey, want a massage?
- I do not want to do anything Nataly.  - But I wanted to surprise him with it.
- I know Tony.  Not so.  "Antony are you?  - My favorite person.
- How are you?  sponsors not only rich here that
a car.  Christine Everhart know
of Runity.  - What?
- What?  - Yes.
- If more or less.  - If you already know.
- This is the point woman for her.  It is the new director of Stark Industry
Congratulations.  I know, I know, my editor would kill me if you do not interview
our number of powerful women.  - If you do it?
- Sure.  You know this girl is covering
for variaty.  I gave him the opportunity.  - Right?
- Yes.  She defeated the campaign Tony
past.  - How much wrote the article?
- It was amazing, he did very well.  Thank you.  I think I go to the toilet.  - Hey bro How is everything?
- Ugh.  Sorry.  Pose for a photo.
Now, here.  It is the first time they meet,
hear.  It is the first time they meet
years?  Since its excavation contract.  - When was postponed ...
- Not what I heard.  What is the difference between the delay
and cancellation?  - The truth.
- No truth is that ...  Why not keep it?  The truth is that I intend to present
something that is on your business.  If you invent something that works
I'll see if I can find a hole.  - Mr. Stark.
- Yes.  His desk is there.  I have a place this year.  You may need a hole Cristy.  % toxicity in the blood.  Any other bad idea?  Tony and I are fine.
I love it, there is no rivalry.  For market withdrawal was
something good ...  And see all there is between ...  But what if you have a
race car?  - Then go for a walk.
- I ask for.  Well, we ...  Nataly, Nataly.  If Miss Potts.  - What is this?
- No she was not conscious.  This can not happen.
Why act like a child?  - Of course I understand, how can I help?
- Where is Harris?  - Out.
- Need to Allar Harris.  I go for it.  With Tony there is rivalry
or competition, you know?  - Hey ...
- I need you ...  - Sorry I read ...
- I need to do ...  - What?
- I have to make a call.  - Where ...
- You are a great person, now I have a lot of material.  My God!  Gas!  Hold on.  - The portal pages.
- Toma.  - They are the keys?
- In my pocket.  Beware!  No way.  Are you okay?  Yes.  - Who wanted to kill him or me?
- I wanted to scare him.  Hardly a story!  - Are you crazy, crazy!
- Improved security.  I just attacked!
I want more security.  - Subete now.
- We need more security.  It's a shame.
Just gets worse ...  My God!  - I have!
- Dale once again, give again!  It's your fault.  What I have here what I have.  - Tony!
- Give the wallet.  Give your wallet!  Please!
What do you expect?  You're wrong, you've lost.  You're wrong, you lose.
Stark.  Mr. Stark did not really think it
could happen.  So.  My apologies, is rewarded.  Then we'll discuss.  - Thanks, I'll go alone.
- This will be Mr.  Good technology.
 cycles per second could be improved.  You can double rotations.  Focus appellate
at each level of colonizing plasma.  Effective, is not very efficient.  But a copy is acceptable.  I do not understand with a little tact
You can earn good money selling  North Korea, China, Iran
Or straight to the black market.  One can see that you have friends
slums.  You come from families of thieves
and bandits.  Like all guilty.
You try to rewrite history.  And you forget all the lives that
Stark family destroyed.  Speaking of thieves, where did you get
design?  - My father, Anton Vanko.
- Do not know.  My dad is the reason you
alive.  Today I am alive for his attempt to
murder and failure  Sure.  If God can do a blood
people stop believing in it.  And there will be a lot of blood in the water.
And the sharks come.  Now all I have to sit through.
As the world consumes.  Where you see the world
I consume?  You already know, the right of prison?
I will send a bar of soap.  Tony Hey before you go.  Palladium heart go
way to die.  Thank you.  Inconsevible This proves that the genius
is out of the bottle.  You have no idea what makes
Iron Man believes, is his toy.  I was in a hearing at which the
Mr. Stark said that these facts in  there is nothing,
in others, exist in another place or elsewhere.  At least five or  years.
Monaco And then realized that ...  - These facts already exists ...
- Quiet.  Should give me a medal.
To be honest.  What is this?  This is your ... their food.   - And you prepare?
- Yes, when you think I was three hours?  Tony, why not tell me what happens?  I do not want to go home.  You have to cancel my birthday
and I invite you a. .. we are in Europe to Venice  - Or on the other hand, if you remember?
- Yes.  It'sa great place to relax.  - Come on.
- Just do not think is the best time.  - Because there are no problems.
- I think it could be a good idea.  - Well ...
- And we could.  Being a CEO
do ...  As Director has all
the correct permissions.  - Really?
- A corporate retreat.  - Just you and me.
- This is not a thing.  You and I, to recharge the batteries
and think of solutions.  Not everyone works with the drummer Tony.  Look within.  Where do you go?  Who are you?  Well, there you are.
There you are.  This is a true pleasure.
Welcome.  And these women are doing
There quítenselas please.  Forgive me for that.  I'm a fan of yours, not
spotting our first meeting.  Not an animal, what happens?  - It's a human being.
- Thanks.  - Go.
- We're Going?  Yeah, yeah.  All rights reserved.  My name is Justin Hammer
I want to do business with you.  Please sit down.  To eat.
What we have today Jack?  - We carpaccio of salmon.
- Carpaccio of salmon.  What pleases you, here it is.
I gusd dessert first.  I sent him to bring San Francisco.
He is Italian.  Organic ice cream, I always
I finished.  For you, I'd do it
Tony Stark.  What I want to ask Tony Stark
such as race and you stood in front  God and everyone.
He was ... wow.  How did you send a message.
I know you know that you listen.  Then you could not send us
and more wasting his talent.  If you let me make a suggestion
No one comes to the office and you're done.  I think ... Medeja if
we have to stop their own legacy.  This is what kills you and I were
like the same things.  Ivan Vanko, the only difference between
you and me is that I have all the resources.  I think, if I may, that
need for my resources.  Support, a benefactor.
And I can be me.  Ok, you speak Spanish?
Because if I needed a translator to come.  I do not know if you got it all
I told you.  - Extremely good.
- Extremely good.  Very good man.  Hey ... I want my bird.  - A bird, you want a bird?
- I want my bird.  - You want a bird, I bring you another?
- I want my bird.  Of course it is not impossible, I bring.
What are you talking about this animal  Russia will have to bring?  The company's fundamentals
continue to be very, very firm.  Although the event in Monaco.  - AP or a profit.
- Tell him I am.  - Where?
- Do not want to be bothered.  It's down there.  Yes, but ...  But his erratic behavior and can still
make many people question  - If this man can protect us.
- Iron Man never ceased to protect us.  Monaco race event.  Mr. thorough search  Anton Vanko was a Russian scientist who
defected and went to E.U.A. in .  But he was accused of spying
and was deported in .  His son, Ivan, who is also a physicist, was charged with
sobiéticas sell plutonium to Pakistan.  He spent  years in prison Tuque,
There are no more records.  Tony, you gotta go up and confront this
situation now.  Hey, I was talking to
National Guard throughout the day.  I tried to convince them
It was necessary to send tanks  throw their doors and away.
They want the costumes to Tony.  It Canzo play.  You said that nobody would have this technology
in  years.  And guess what, we knew that someone
already have.  Includes not only theoretical.  Are you listening?  Are you okay?  Ok  Quiet.  Are you okay?  Take me to the desktop.  - Once the box of cigars.
- Yes.  - Palladium.
- Breathe Breathe.  - It is normal that leave you smoke?
- No, you have damage of plutonium.  On the wall of reactor.  "Tony, you do this in your body?  What do you think of the technological puzzle
on your neck?  He urticaria.  Thank you.  What time?  I see you.  This solitary act of peasant
is not necessary, you have to do it alone.  I would like to believe, I do
but you have to believe me.  Contrary to the public
is exactly what I'm doing.  My workshop is humble abode,
you can work at all.  Should be fun to be dead, right?  Impress.  Here they are.
I love it.  Ready to fight.
I tend to be like a street child.  Fix prototype production
and I'm excited.  They are yours.  No, no, no, that does not work. You will be able to access
As the system of generating encryption keys.  Want podríasmos generate a key pair
encrypted?  Jack do you charge?
Forget it.  You're smart.  - What?
- Software sucks.  Well  It's good, able to escape
my security system with a ...  I want to show you where you will be
work.  Or if you want to climb, go.  What do you think?
Are not they?  Although these are just a sample
But the valley .  million each.  No. ..  Bring the application.  The pilot goes inside.  And I had no luck
find volunteers.  I managers and exit.  - What can I do?
- That in the long run, these up to the Pentagon me  at least  years.  I want a man with a junkyard forever young,
Stark wants to go to the Expo and his party actually lost Tony.  - Yes, you understand me?
- I understand no problem.  Fabulous, I love him.
Longer if you were him, I told you, I felt.  Concentration of % palladium Mr.  You know the clock used today
Mr. Stark.  Let me see.  Should I cancel the party?  I think so.  - If it is ...
- Very inappropriate.  - Just send more messages.
- Irrelevant.  Like this?  The golden stranger here.  Give me that and Siqueiros and te ...  Nataly really do not know what to think
you.  When you say?  None.  I ask you a hypothetical question?
A little weird.  If this was his last party
birthday, how do I hold?  I do what I wanted Mr.
With the person I wanted.  If you understand.  No, it will be Mr.
necessary, I will.  Lord I PUEG ensure that
least  hours of Iron Man will be fine.  Hello Pepper.  - What are you doing, I need something?
- Anything?  - Look at this.
- You must be kidding.  - I go for it.
- No, no.  Peper this is ridiculous, I just
to support this idiot.  If I understand, I speak with him.  If I do or what I do.  The question that I always
Tony is, how are you going to the bathroom in a suit?  Just that.  Well boys, we saw a lot,
Thank you.  Thanks I love them.  Nice share, thanks to Tony, all
here we thank you.  Once you are enjoying tonight
now we must say goodbye.  No, but if there Peper cake
no, do not turn out the light.  Are you wild you
trust me do it.  It's bedtime.  - Tony did not
- A kiss.  Early, without the suit.  Yes, but is not.  I could donate.  You just tell them to be approved,
It's time to go.  If you want.  Talk tell them to be nice.  Gentlemen, the party's over
although the party is over for me for hours.  The afterparty starts at  minutes.  If you do not like it there Peper
is a wall.  Give me more.  I go to prepare a fruit cocktail.  Just finished the party at once!  Largo.  You do not deserve to use that suit.
Take it!  - Hey Dj.
- If Mr. Stark.  Dame drums to entertain the
day.  It's your last chance to take off
suit.  Now return to your seat
The authorities of hurting him.  punterpía Mala.  Fine, but that does not need to mate  Take that Tony.  Enough?  - Nataly.
- Miss Potts.  Do not tell me that Miss Potts
do not fool me.  And I tell you something since you came ...  We ran.  I want to take it.  - Hand down.
- You have to do to use that suit.  - We must do this friend.
- Want to be the war machine?, Shoot.  - Put it Tony!
- Then you will not.  Put Tony.
Lower your hand!  Edwards, Lt. Col. James I
enter the base, we are  meters  ask permission to land on  Angara.  Colonel.  Mayor.  You have to go inside.  Clear the area.  Mr. I have to ask to leave
Mr. Donut  I said I do not want to participate
your super secret cabal.  Oh, no, you had forgotten
you alone.  How do you pick?  Sorry I did not mean to be rude
but I see the eyes or the patch?  Honestly a lot and took
I do not know if it's real or not?  - I'm very, very real.
- Ok rd The real person in their lives.  - What bad luck.
- This was not good at all.  I've been worse.  The perimeter is secure, but not
can be a long time.  - You're fired.
- You do not decide that part.  Tony want to introduce the agent
Romano.  I spy Shio, when we learn
Its director sent us bad.  - I suggest you apologize.
- You've done a lot.  Your girl Promoted to Director,
"Re giving all your stuff.  Let your friend to go with his armor.
Hey, if I knew nothing more ...  You know nothing, took
I gave him.  No, no, no, what did what?  You are Iron Man and only
took the case.  The brother came in and shut him
his suit.  - Is it possible?
- According to the database  Mr. Stark is that redundancies
prevent unauthorized use.  - What do you want from me?
- What we want from you?  No, I want you to have me.
As you become a problem.  One problem that I have to solve.
and unlike what you think is the core of my universe.  I have bigger problems than you
in the Southeast.  Dar.  Now what I'd steal
a kidney?  They can do something horrible
 / , which I alone?  What have we done to you?
dioxide lithium will make you feel calm.  - Tony wants to go back to work.
- Thanks for giving me a couple of boxes and I'm fine.  - There is no cure and is only for the moment.
- And do not think it will be easy.  Trust me I'm working on it.  I searched for something that replaces the
PD and I tried all combinations.  - And all the permutations of all elements.
- Well, I came here to say that I lost another combination.  Look what I brought.  I brought you something Ivan.  - I brought your bird Ivan.
- This is not my bird.  What is not?
It's a bird, if it is.  Led me to bring this bird,
is precious.  - It's a beautiful bird.
- And I got it directly from Russia.  Do not lie is not my bird.  Look not, but this bird
is a beautiful specimen.  But please do not cling
stuff and let it go.  A moment and what is it?  This is not a helmet.
What is this?  Ivan, what is it?
Jack.  This is a helmet, I do not
Looks like a helmet.  How can you put your head there?  - Can there be head?
- No.  Let's see you try to put it.
There is cebeza.  Ivan's head does not fit, right?
Not one head of a helmet.  I need someone to put a person
in that dress, get it?  - As an android.
- What is the best android?  "An android is the best?
But why is it better?  People are the problem, believe me.
Better android.  Ivan aware I go, I brought
bird.  And you said no problem,
What is Ivan said, no problem.  I want a suit, the government
whether the suit like Iron Man  "Sientiendes?
That's what people want.  With that they are happy.  Hammer, do not cling to things
let go.  Have to impress everyone
Ivan show.  Got it?
I go crazy You Ivan.  It's amazing, with that, I
let alone the senator.  - And if it works?
- Ready for the missions.  Hammer right: Come
to put weapons.  - Mr.
- Hammer Jostin will make a desmostración  Arms Expo.
We will present you with this.  - Mr. do not think the exposure is appropriate.
- Colonel have to do it soon.  - And we have to make it easy.
- If in general.  - Colonel this is an order.
- Yes, Mr.  Good work, your country proud
lot.  Thank you, Mr.  On his chest is based on technology
and was incomplete.  No, it was complete, only that it was not
very effective to the miniaturized and put it on my no.  Haward said the reactor was only Rar
a step towards something bigger.  Hiba energy beginning of a career
which was to overshadow the arms.  Looking for something great, something so
that would make a special reactor  shone like a nuclear pile
Triple A.  It is the only or Anton Vanko
help you do it?  Anton Vanko is the other side
this story.  Anton, I just wanted to be
rich and when his father discovered he was deported.  When the Russians knew that he
could not, he was sent to the cold of Siberia.  And he spent  years, drunk and angry,
no environment for a child to grow up.  Unfortunately tubiste poor
lucky enough to see his son Ivan Monako.  You said you did not prove all
What you experienced?  What do I need?  He said you were the only person
knowledge and resources that could  - Finish what you start.
- He said?  What happens if you're that?
And you?  So if you are, you
solve the riddle of her heart.  I do not know who gave you this information
but it was not my best fan.  What do you remember most
this?  He was cold and calculating, never
I loved, I never said that it landed well.  So it's hard to digest what I say
he thought that the future depends on me and let me ...  Understand that what you want?
We speak of someone whose happiest day  - Was when I went to boarding school.
- This is not true.  Well, then surely you know better
me.  The truth of things, yes.  He was a founding member
of shiokara.  What?  I have meeting in February.  - No, no, no, wait, what does this mean?
- You're good, right?  - No, I'm fine.
- You will not be responsible?  "I'll see what I do not know
What is this?  Natasha Stark will continue to work
without being detected.  - Do you remember Corson agent?
- Yes  Tony, do not forget that I have
eye on you.  Disable notifications
have no contact with the world, good luck.  Look, first I need a good massage
Spending time in the lab.  If you had a seizure that brought us coffee
all in a cafe would be perfect.  I did not come to that. The Fury Director, authorized me to use
the method is necessary not to go.  If you try to leave or attempt to mislead
I'm going to electrocute and watch TV while you suffer.  - Do you understand?
- I think you understand.  Enjoy your favorite movie.  Owned by Howard Stark.  - The colonel of the power supply?
- The mayor is not a scientific exercise.  Focus on weapons placement.  Yes, Mr.  Oh, yeah, oh yeah, my birthday or what?
This looks like a circus, not me.  Is that what you think you are?  Yes, indeed.  What can you offer?  What can I offer you, sir?  Well, the first thing I can
AFREC is to update the software.  - And secondly ...
- Do not talk about it, I'm talking about guns.  Then talk to the right.  This is a semi-automatic
 mm.  Regular.
Right.  M pump shotgun.
Load of  shots.  Do not forget, Qty. get it.
From what I'm talking about.  As the world rankings. Since  Fn
Belgium.  Much better than waffles.  It's pretty, but it shows that is not what
're looking for, so I put it here.  This is a launching grenades
 mm.  Gases, smoke, this was already known.
"Nor does it?  I'll tell you, size
does not matter.  And do not say is not true.  This is a portable M
Six guns.  They call it the hand lathes.
This causes the dust.  And tell the guy there gazpacho
because the ground beef.  Here are the Cuban father
Coiba is the same Christ.  This is a vehicle with a Kinetic Space.
With a secondary explosion cyclotrimethylenetrinitramine.  And intramina RDH.  Capable of operating in a bunker.
Underneath the Bunker already explored.  If I could write a book. A book that
Ulysses was written in crayon  And I'd say this is my Eiffel Tower.
My  Ragmanio.  My mercy is completely
very elegant and beautiful.  And has the ability to
reduce to zero the population of the entire structure.  I call the ex-wife.  It's the best I have.  What do you want?
Tell me, please, you're a sphinx.  I do not know what you're thinking.  - I think we want. "
- What do you want?  Everything.  Unbelievable.  ARC REACTOR
ANTON Vanke - STARK HOWARD  Vanke DEFAULT
SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH OF U. A. E. SOBIETICOS.  Action.  Now everything is possible with
technology.  Better living conditions, health and new
first time in human history.  The possibility of world peace.  'M Howard Stark and everything
needed for the future is here.  The future of tomorrow ...
Wait.  'M Howard Stark and everything
needed for the future is here.  I and my group would like Stark Industries
tell you ...  "Tony what are you doing?  What is this?
LET.  Leave it and put it where it was.  Where is your mother?
Mary's.  Goodbye, ya, ya, and take it.  Well, I guess now I get back ...  Are they waiting for?  Department throughout the course Stark Industries
I would like to show my ass.  That is, we have.
What a ridiculous way of earning a living.  Anything is possible with technology.  Tony, you're too young to understand
now so I decided to record it for you.  I built it for you.  Someday you'll realize that they represent
much more than inventions of people.  It represents the work of my life.
This is the key to the future.  I limited technology
my time.  But one day you'll find out when and
you change the world.  But it is and always will.  My greatest creation is you.  Hello Mr.  - How much?
- $  .  - I could take ten money ... ten years.
- Not that Mr. greatly.  Why not?
All rights take it.  - Is a lot.
- Okay, take, take.  - Thanks.
- I do not like to give me things.  If you put it there perfect.  - You are Iron Man?
- Sometimes.  I'm sure it's you  Talk about a brand
that was obtained illegally.  - Miss Potts Mr. Stark is reused a. ..
- Quiet, well, it's just a second.  You can retire?
Vali right?  Our position is that Stark and Industry
continues to own the Mac platform and Soft.  When Mr. Stark announced that he was
Iron Man was a promise.  - Confident that he would take care of us.
- Yes, but.  - And that is what is not.
- Now we know that the Registrar.  The famous Virginia Pepper Potts
is CEO of Stark Industries.  - He is qualified for work?
- No.  Why do nothing
repair.  Silence.  Berk, Berk escúchameno me
to have the best lawyers  patents are not gonna fight
for that.  - After this bag.
- When the president signed the order.  Speaking about the expo.
He will be presenting tomorrow afternoon.  - What if Tony is going?
- May I?  - No, not going.
- I like to go.  Goodbye.  - Got a minute?
- No.  Please and hung
you have  seconds.  - ... , , ...
- Okay, I came here and thought ...  - But come to apologize.
- So you did not actually apologize?  Look, this is obvious and will correct, but
the truth I was not very honest with  and I tell you ... Want to move
this?, is that he is crazy.  - Looks like a Ferris wheel.
- No.  You know how short is life?  And if I express the fact
is a revelation to me and I do not care.  Well, I care, would be good, not
I hope you ... I, what I mean ...  I'll stop here, because if
I say again I'm going to release something that will hurt.  - Have you heard?
- Good is ...  "I try to lead this company
have any idea what it is?  - Yes.
- People trust you to be the Iron Man  and you disappear, what I do
is to turn off the fire and to support the allegations.  I'm trying to do the job
belonged to him.  You bought strawberries for me?  Did you know that there is only one thing in
I'm allergic?  Allergic to strawberries.  Pepers That's progress, I knew
There was a correlation between you and strawberries.  - I need you.
- And me too.  - It's what I try to say.
- Out of here.  - Miss Potts.
- What?, Happens.  - The plane leaves in  minutes.
- Thanks.  "Head is offered something else?  - Not now.
- No, maybe just ...  ... Again.  I lost two sons in
divorce.  That's funny.  Will fit well here, Nataly?
Here on business?  Nataly is your right name?  - I thought they understood Qty. .
- This is not true.  So just hate me.  No.  Actually since you're here, maybe
you can Mudansa natalie planning and all that.  Yes, of course.  - I sorpende you kept quiet.
- It's too good for that.  How do you do?
"Just do it and now?  Triple impostor, had never
seen anything like it.  You have something real?
What are you talking about America?  Does this mean what?
What did you say?  You can go home or
I ask that you collect.  How good it is.  THE KEY OF THE FUTURE IS HERE  Jerry can scan model
Please, I need a projection manipulated.  Scanning Model Expo Stark
Full .  - Jerry, how many buildings there are?
- The shop of Mr. Belgian Waffles?  No, it was rhetoric, I see.  What do you think is Charlie?  No, I know it might be a ...
... In this case, the core would be here.  Stresses the area.  Here are the roads,
delete it.  What is she trying to do
Mr.?  I am discovering, correcting,
I rediscovered an item.  Remove the gardens, the masseter
and trees.  Parking, exits, entrances.  Structure of protons and neutrons
with flags as weapons.  Almost  years dead.
And keep giving me lessons.  The theoretical element should serve
palladium as a substitute.  Thank you father.  Unfortunately it is impossible
synthesize it.  Prepare yourself for a remodel
will deliver!  - They say that mocked the perimeter.
- If this was three years ago, where have you been? "  - Do things.
- If too and it worked.  Look for our good work
for you and your fabulous secret organization.  You gonna let me work or I'll
to rebuke?  What is this doing here?  That's right.  - I spent?
- You have any idea what is it?  Just what I need
it works.  Lift it.  Ya, ya, knee, which
is and lower it.  Ok  "Perfectly level.
Disturbed me what you want?  Nothing, I will.
I was transferred.  Hug me either in New Mexico.  - Fantasy Land of Enchantment.
- That I was told.  - Top secret?
- That seems.  - Luck.
- Thanks, I need.  - Yes, more than you think.
- Not much.  Starting prismatic accelerator.  Point of maximum energy.  It was easy.  Congratulations Mr.  Created a new element.  Mr. accepted the reactor el
modified kernel.  Start to run the diagnostics.  Hello Ivan.  Hey, I'm with the Senator, we can
go to see the design of the androids?  - The androids are no good for me.
- How do you not, you're talking about? "  - But it can present my demonstration.
- But what is the difference?  Presentation, without flying, unarmed.  I think so, then what can they do?
is a demonstration of weapons.  - I can do the greeting.
- You can say hi?  How can they say hi?
What does Ivan mean?  That was not what we agreed, first
customs and then you promised me you promised me androids.  - Everything will be fine.
- That was not what I wanted.  Hey, here's the Birdman.  So you love your bird?
So is not it?  If it's your bird?, I'm confused.  You said it was not and now are great
friends.  You love this bird right?  You know what, take it away.  The pads also.  Both.
Quítenselos shoes.  I took the material, which is how you feel?
You feel bad, too.  So I feel comom!  We had a contract!
I saved you Ivan!  And you'd give me clothes.
That was the agreement.  And you are not covered.  I do not know if you're a genius or a fraud?
I do not know who you are.  I have something really amazing
hand.  And if not, I'll be at your mercy
tonight.  Stark Now I have the best technology
myself.  Such are the fantasies that you did
look like toys next to my show.  Ivan If you understand, dear?  I do not know if you noticed, but I do not
I speak Russian!  I will retire and I'll
expo and I sleep with someone.  These two, they'll care.
Do not make them angry.  When you return, we'll renegotiate
the terms of our agreement.  And you shall comply with that
promised, because otherwise.  You'll be like you were when you took
imprisonment of one corpse.  Got it?  If you want to see me on TV.  Babas "could clear this?  You know I ...  Call the number
Mr. blocked  Now I can talk on the phone
perfect.  - Coulson as the land of enchantment.
- Hey Tony.  - How are you? Cycles duplicate.
- You what?  You said twice cycles, more power
and if it works.  You seem very happy to be
dead.  Just like you.  Rastréala.  Now, the real story of your surname
be revealed.  Where?  Accessing the Oracle network.
East Coast.  What your father did to my family
for  years will do yours.  - In  minutes.
- Looks good, you have to meet to discuss the matter.  Interstate Area, Manhattan and
surroundings.  Hope you're ready.  Trace complete.  In defense of peace  If you want to test me I think
too.  And while it assembles the process,
Armal now.  - Do not know if ...
- Do not want to hear Charly turbo.  That's better.
More.  Yes!  I'll leave the car here ok.  - Thanks.
- Sure.  I like this audience,
Thanks for coming.  Ladies and gentlemen long
This country has placed his men  and women in a serious risk.  Then came Iron Man and we thought
that the days of the killings were over.  Unfortunately we had no access
that technology.  That's not fair, not correct.
I think that's wrong.  There is, how awful.  Sinembargo was a great innovation and diverted
worldwide attention.  But now my friends, the media faces a
new problem.  They are on the brink of exhaustion
ink.  Ladies and gentlemen.  Today I present the new face
armed forces of our country.  The droids Hammer!  Air Force.  Marines!  Yes, Yes!  They are better than a cheerleader
Do not you think?  Even with this revolutionary
technology.  Will always be necessary for man
was present at the site of the battle.  Ladies and gentlemen I have the honor
present the first prototype of the suit.  Able to respond to a variety
weapons and attacks.  And for your team rider teninte
Colonel James Rhodes.  James?  For the country and its allies have heard ...  We have problems.  Tony civilians are not here.  They asked me to come, we should not
do it now.  Say Hello  Yes, very good!  These people are happy, we
to get them here.  - Maximum  minutes.
- You hit your home?  Listen I think it works with Vanko.  Vanko "still alive?  - Where?
- What?  Where is Vanko?
Who?  Dime.  What are you doing here, tell me?  Oh no, what happens?  I can not change, I have no control
suit.  Tony quit now, the whole system is
invaded.  We have to fix it.  Off.  No, no!  - Unlock, I need to.
- Roger.  Tony, Tony, my gun
is ready, I'm white.  - And what is it?
- It is you.  Tony flies!  What's happening?  - I have no control of the Software.
- Since we can not control?  I think the control of another
computer.  - It's impossible, I want the guards.
- The phones do not work.  - Find them on their phones.
- The phones do not work.  - We have blocked access to the main system.
- Who took access to the system?  Pepper, please beware
If everything is in order.  - If you or not.
- Yes, I'm serious.  The fact that Tony had not
come, it does not.  Please acompañense
Thank you.  We have to get people here.  Who did this?
Who is behind?  - Ivan Ivan Ivan Vanko.
- Where is he?   In my laboratory.  - With the police department.
- No, no, no.  - To send to headquarters.
- No, dear.  Thanks yes that is quick.  And you do not want to see take off.  Tell me everything you know about it.  More friend.  Mr Engine Restart  Nobody answered me,
What's happening?  - Get in the car, take me with them.
- I will not lead anywhere.  - So I drive?
- No, I condusco up, now what?  DISABLED  Well done.  - Tones have a lot behind you.
- So let's leave the expo.  When we reached the perimeter that you care.
I am going to break the Russian.  - Look ahead.
- Yes, I understand.  Another less.  Listen to Tony and a division of
denuevo go to the expo.  Thank you.  I'm getting closer.  It is also, cuidate.  - Stay in the car.
- I'll stay here.  I told him to stay inside the car.  Why did you get it?
I will not let you come alone.  Want to help satisfy the non-smoking.  Intruder Alert.  Hey, can not enter.  Takes Off  Miss each group communicates Andriod
in their own language.  Choose one and focus
where.  "They tried to Russian?, Try Russia.  I got it.  - Still no control?
- Yes.  So I want to prepare
You are about to get wet on this ride.  Wait, wait, wait.  He left.  Sorry buddy, but the only way
eliminated.  Where are you?  What do you do?  Restarting Rhodey suit.  Tony.  That gave me access.  Now reboot.  - Your friend is back.
- Thank you.  Everything is perfect with the new reactor and gives you a lot
more energy and his vital signs are promising.  If at the moment I'm not dying.
Thank you.  What do you mean you're dying?
Did you mean enserio die?  And you?
No, not anymore.  - What, what's going on?
- I would say, do not want to alarm you.  - Hibas're dying to tell me Tony.
- I have not seen ...  - Why do not you tell me?
- My plan was to prepare a homelet and tell him.  Has been discussed on honeymoon
Tony has the company.  - I think someone is looking for.
- Thanks. Peppers.  - Do you ever feel better?
- I'm fine, do not be angry.  - I'll apologize when ...
- If I get angry.  ... I'm advocating an attack
of Hameroides.  - Okay. No, please.
- We could go to Venice.  Roy, wake up friend you need.  Are you awake reacts.  Barbarian you back your armor.  - Are you okay?
- I think so.  - Hey Tony sorry.
- Okay.  - No, I should have more confidence in you.
- I'll put in that position, never mind.  No, I know it's your fault, but I want
apologize.  Thanks, that's what I wanted to hear.
Pareja.  They are getting closer.
You can think of a plan?  We wanted to be up, so
that the greatest weapon should be working.  Yeah right.  - And you friend, where are you going?
- What are you talking about?  - He spoke to me.
- They want a big gun that is not the ultimate weapon.  - Tony not be jealous.
- No, do not scare your decor.  - I saw powerful.
- Okay.  Your list of top and attract me.  Do not stay here, you're the worst area
there.  - Whether you already have your place and mine?
- Tony is the worst area, this place will kill you.  - You like it?
- Yes, yes.  Duck!  I think you should start with that.  If it's just forgive chief
Once again, is that it ends.  I said five minutes ago.  Mr. strip is here.  - Sorry.
- You are arrested Mr.  - You're kidding right?
- Hands on the back.  I just want to help.  I got it, I know you do.
Intended to indict, and it is done.  You think you eliminate director
competition.  Ok, you think you have problems?
I'm going Cauís a problem.  See you sooner than
thinking.  When you get the other I think they should
place in the southeast and northeast exit.  Yes, we stopped the train coming
Point Willes.  Load buses for people
along these lines.  - Yes, you come with us?
- No, I will stay until everything is solved.  Right.  Attention is approaching a
android again, this is different.  Has an energy much more driving.  It is a pleasure to come back.  This will get ugly.  I have something special Vanko
I realize its Bunker to her.  What?  It's the hammer?  Yes.  I got him.  Rhode, should be done.
Want to be a hero?  What?  I said I could use a companion.
Do not raise your hand.  Is that your idea?  I'm with you, do, do, do.  All of these exploit Andriod
should be here.  Peper.  Tony really can not take anymore,
and can not stand.  Do not take it then?
What about me do not look at me?  My body can not control
too much stress.  I do not know whether to kill or jump HiBase
vacuum.  - Or?
- Or break any company.  I think I did well.  I refuse to move me.
That is all.  What did you say?
Is that it?  I'm surprised, I guess I'm not surprised.
I understand that you have no excuses.  - No, excuse me please, do not look for excuses.
- If you're not sorry, but you have to find anything.  - No, sorry, I know it's justified ...
- Hey, you deserve more.  - Well ...
- I have always had great care.  I was in trouble and always
helped me.  - Thanks.
- Yes.  - Thank you.
- How will my return address?  - I see it ...
- Yes, but the press and takes only a week in office ...  - But if you took years.
- I do not know.  As if it was the first president.  - Sure.
- No, I'm not.  Was this true?
We can prove it.  For me it was weird.
This is how two crows fighting grapes.  - I, and gave up ...
- Yes, well that is not ...  I heard no argument to justify
you said.  - Not have to go?
- I was here first quarter consiganse.  - I thought it would not make jokes.
- It's the last time I promise.  - Were you there, certainly.
- Thanks also.  Hey, my car was destroyed in the explosion and
I'll go with the suit once.  - No, I do not like the idea.
- There was no question.  How do I resign if I do not approve?  DRAFT AVENDERS
PRELIMINARY REPORT  I do not want to read it.  I do not know if you let it get more involved.  And this is indeed ajente
Romanoff and a report is yours.  Read it.  Mr Personality Summary
Stark is obsessive-compulsive disorder.  In my defense, it was last week.  Obvious destructive tendencies,
going to die, please.  And all I have.  Classic case "Narsizismo?  Right.  Another is here, the evaluation of recruitment
for the project Avenger, Iron Man himself.  - I have to think about it.
- Continued.  Stark Tony, is not recommended?  I do not see the point, as
approved and disapproved?  I have a new heart, I am
be good with Peppers.  I have a semi-stable relationship.  What makes us think that this operation
is that only you will use a consultant.  They have to be paid.  Although this may save salary
If instead you do me a favor.  
They're coming and I'll be decorated Rhodey
Washington y. ..  Nobody comes.  I'll see what I can do.  It is a pleasure and an honor
deliver these two medals to Lt. Col.  Mr. James Rhodes and Tony Stark.
Who is a great ...  A great national treasure.  Thank you for your lieutenant colonel
excepsional action on the field.  - He deserves it.
- Thanks.  Thanks to Mr. Stark excepsional
performance.  He deserves it.  Sorry.
With his career just a painful sting.  Get ready for shooting.  
Lovingly cooked by Bakemstr  You the guys from Washington?  You get many other visitors out here?  How long you been on site?  Since this morning.  A Russian oil team called it in about  hours ago.  How come nobody's spotted it before?  It's really not that surprising.  This landscapes changing all the time.  You got any idea what this thing is exactly?  I don't know, it's probably a weather balloon.  I don't think so.  You know we don't have the
equipment for a job like this.  How long before we can start craning it out?  I don't think you quite understand.  You guys are going to need one hell of a crane.  Base, we're aft.  What is this?  Careful.  Lieutenant.  - What is it?
- My god.  Mays, give me a line to the Colonel.  It's am, sir.  I don't care what time it is.  This one's waited long enough.  Tønsberg, Norway
March -   They've come for it.  They have before.  Not like this.  Let them come.  They'll never find it.  Open it.  Why can't you find it?  It has taken me a long time to find this place.  You should be commended.  Help him up.  I think that you are a man of great vision.  And in this way we are much alike.  I am nothing like you.  Of course but what others see as superstition,  you and I know to be of science.  What you seek is just a legend.  Then why make such an effort to conceal it?  The tesseract was the jewel
of Odin's treasure room.  It's not something one buries.  But I think it is close, yes.  I cannot help you.  No.  But maybe you can help your, uh village?  You must have some friends out there.  Some little grandchildren, perhaps.  You have no need for them to die.  Yggdrasil.  The Tree of the world.  Guardian of wisdom.  And fate for some.  And the Führer digs for trinkets in the desert.  You have never seen this.  Have you?  It's not for the eyes of ordinary men.  Exactly.  Give the order to open fire.  Jawohl.  Fool.  You cannot control the power you hold.  You will burn.  I already have.  O'Connell, Michael.  Kaminski, Henry.  Boy a lot of guys getting killed over there.  Rogers, Stephen.  Kinda makes you think
twice about enlisting, huh?  Nope.  Rogers.  What did your father die of?  Mustard gas.  He was in the th infantry.  - I was hoping I could be assigned.
- Mother?  She was a nurse in a TB ward.  Got hit.  Couldn't shake it.  Sorry son.  Well just give me a chance.  You'll be ineligible on your asthma alone.  Is there anything you can do?  I'm doing it.  I'm saving your life.  War continues to ravage Europe.  But help is on the way.  Every able bodied young man is
lining up to serve his country.  Even little Timmy is doing his part.  Collecting scrap metal.  Nice work, Timmy.  Who cares!  Play the movie already.  Hey, want to show some respect.  Meanwhile, over seas...  ..our brave boys are showing the axis powers...  ..that the price of freedom is never to high.  Let's go, get on with it.  Hey, just start the cartoon.  Hey, you want to shut up.  Together with allied forces,  we'll face any threat, no matter the size.  You just don't know when to give up, do you.  I can do this all day.  Hey, pick on someone your own size.  Sometimes I think you like getting punched.  I had him on the ropes.  How many times is this?  Oh, your from Paramus now.  You know it's illegal to lie
on your enlistment form.  Seriously, Jersey?  You get your orders?  th.  Sergeant James Barnes.  Shipping out for England first thing tomorrow.  I should be going.  Come on, man.  My last night.  Gotta get you cleaned off.  Why, where we going?  The future.  I don't see what the problem is.  You're about to be the last
eligible man in New York.  You know there's three and a half women here.  Yeah, I'd settle for just one.  Good thing I took care of that.  Hey, Bucky!  What'd you tell her about me?  Only the good stuff.  Welcome to the Modern Marvels Pavilion.  and the world of tomorrow.  A greater world.  A better world.  Oh my god.  It's starting.  Ladies and Gentlemen,  Mr. Howard Stark.  Ladies and Gentlemen.  What if I told you that in just a few short years,  Your automobile won't even
have to touch the ground, at all.  Yes.  Thanks, Mandy.  With Starks Gravitic reversion technology.  You'll be able to do just that.  Holy cow.  Well I did say a few years, didn't I?  Hey, Steve.
What do you say we treat these girls...  Come on, Soldier.  Come on, kinda missing
the point of a double date.  We're taking the girls dancing.  You go ahead, I'll catch up with you.  You really gonna do this again?  Well it's a fair, I'm going to try my luck.  As who, Steve from Ohio?  They'll catch you or worse they'll actually take you.  Look I know you don't think I can do this.  This isn't a back alley, Steve, it's war.  - I know it's a war.
- Then find kin to fight,  ..start looking for a job.  - What am I going to do, collect scrap.
- Yes, I know that I'm  I'm not going to sit in a factory, Bucky.  Bucky come on, there are
men laying down their lives.  I got no right to do any less than them.  That's what you don't understand.  This isn't about me.  Right.  'Cause you got nothing to prove.  Hey Barnes. Are we going dancing?  Yes we are.  Don't do anything stupid until I get back.  How can I?  You're taking all the stupid with you.  You're a punk.  Jerk.  Careful.  Don't win the war 'til I get there.  Come on girls, playing our song.  Wait here.  Is there a problem?  Just wait here.  Thank you.  So.  You want to go overseas.  Kill some Nazis.  Excuse me.  Doctor Abraham Erskine.  I represent a Strategic scientific research.  Steve Rogers.  Where are you from?  Queens.  rd street and Utopla parkway.  Before that, Germany.  This troubles you?  No.  Where are you from, Mr. Rogers?
Hmm?  Is it, New Haven?  Or, Paramus?  Five exams in five different...  It might not be the right file.  It's not the exams I'm interested in.  It's the five tries.  But you didn't answer my question.  Do you want to kill Nazis?  Is this a test?  Yes.  I don't want to kill anyone.  I don't like bullies.  I don't care where they're from.  Well, there are already so many
big men fighting this war.  Maybe what we need now is a little guy.  Huh?  I can offer you a chance.  Only a chance.  I'll take it.  Good.  So where is the little guy from?  Actually.  Brooklyn.  Congratulations.  Soldier.  Are you ready, Doctor Zola?  The machine requires the most delicate calibration.  Forgive me if I seem over cautious.  Are you certain that those combatants of yours  ...can withstand the energy surge,  ...long enough for a transference?  With this artifact.  I am certain of nothing.  I fear it may not work at all.  Twenty percent.  Forty.  Sixty.  Stabilizing at seventy percent.  I have not come all this way,  ...for safety, Doctor.  What was that?  I must congratulate you, Arnim.  Your designs does not disappoint.  Though they may require
some slight reinforcement.  Nothing has changed, it's stable.  Amazing.  The energy patch, you called it,
equipped all my designs.  All my designs.  This will change the war.  Don't think so, Zola.  This will change the world.  Recruits, attention!  Gentlemen, I'm Agent Carter.  I supervise all operations for this division.  What's with the accent, Queen Victoria?  Thought I was signing up for the U.S. army.  What's your name, soldier?  Gilmore Hodge, your majesty.  Step forward, Hodge.  Put your right foot forward.  We gonna wrestle?  'Cause I gotta a few moves I know you'll like.  Agent Carter.  Colonel Phillips.  I can see that you are breaking
in the candidates, that's good.  Get your ass up out of that dirt,  ..and stand up in that lineup at attention until,  - ...somebody comes and tells you what to do.
- Yes, Sir.  General Patton.  Has said.  "War's are fought with weapons
but they are won by men."  We are going to win this war, because...  ...we have the best men.  And because they're gonna get better.  Much, better.  The Strategic Scientific Reserve.  Is an allied effort.  Made up with the best minds of the free world.  Our goal.  Is to create the best army in history.  But every army starts with one man.  Rogers! Get up from there.  At the end of this week, we will chose that man.  He'll be the first.  Of a new breed of super soldiers.  Rogers, get your ass out of that line.  And they, will personally escort Adolph Hitler  Through the gates of hell.  Pick up the pace, sweeties.  Let's go, let's go.  Double time.  Come on, faster, faster.  Move.  Move.  Squad halt.  That flag means you're only at the half way point.  First man to bring it to me,
gets to ride back with Agent Carter.  Move, move!  Come on, get up there.  That's what you got?
This army is in trouble.  Get up there, Hodge.  Come on, get up there.  Nobody's got that flag in seventeen years.  Come on, come on, fall in.  Let's go, get back in formation.  Rogers!  I said, fall in.  Thank you, Sir.  Faster ladies, come on.  My grandmother has more life in her, God rest her soul.
Move it!  You're not really thinking
of picking Rogers, are you?  I am more than just thinking about it.  It is a clear choice.  When you brought a modicum
asthmatic onto my army base.  I let it slide. I thought what the hell.  Maybe he could be useful to you, like a gerbil.  - Never thought you'd pick him.
- Up.  Stick a needle in that kids arm,
it's going to go right through him.  Come on, girls.  Look at that.  He's making me cry.  I am looking for qualities beyond the physical.  Do you know how long it
took to set up this project.  -Yes.
- All the groveling I had to do in front...  ...of Senator whats-his-name committees.  Yes, I know. I am well aware of your efforts.  Then throw me a bone.  Hodge passed every test we gave him.  He's big, he's fast.  - He obeys orders, he's a soldier.
- He's a bully.  You don't win wars with niceness, Doctor.  You win wars, with guts.  Grenade!  Oh, no!  Stay away.  Get back.  Phony grenade.  Men, back in formation.  Is this a test?  He's still skinny.  - May I?
- Yeah.  Can't sleep?  Got the jitters I guess.  Oh, me too.  Can I ask you a question?  Just one?  Why me?  I suppose that is the one question that matters.  This is from Augsburg.  My City.  So many people forget that the first
country the Nazi's invaded was their own.  You know after the last war they,  My peoples struggled, they..they..  They felt weak, they felt..  ...slow, then Hitler comes along.  With the marching and the big show,
and the flags and all that  And he, hears of me.  My work, and he finds me.  Then he says, you.  He says, you will make us strong.  Well.  I am not interested.  So he sends the head of Hydra.  East research division.  A brilliant Scientist by the name of, Johann Schmidt.  Now Schmidt is a member of the inner circle.  And he's ambitious.  Even Hitler shares his passion for,  occult power and tatanic myth.  Hitler uses his fantasies to inspire his followers.  But for Schmidt it is not fantasy.  For him, it is real.  He has become convinced
that there is a great power.  Hidden in the earth.  Left here by the gods.  Waiting to be seized by superior men.  So when he has found my
formula and what it can do.  He cannot resist.  Schmidt wants to become that superior man.  Did it make him stronger?  Ja.  But, it has other effects.  The serum wasn't ready.  But more important.  The man.  The serum amplifies everything
that is inside, so..  Good becomes great.  Bad becomes worse.  This is why you were chosen.  Because a strong man.  Who has known power all his life.  They lose respect for that power.  But a weak man.  Who values of strength.  And loves  Compassion.  Thanks.
I think.  Give this.  Whatever happens tomorrow,
you must promise me one thing.  That you must stay who you are.  Not a perfect soldier.  But.  A good man.  To the little guys.  No, wait, wait. What am I doing?  No, you have procedure tomorrow.  No fluids.  All right, we'll drink it after.  No, I don't have procedure tomorrow.  I can't after, I can now.  Is there something in particular you need?  I uh, understand you found  him.  See for yourself.  You disapprove.  I just don't see why you
need concern yourself.  I can't imagine he'll succeed.  Again.  The serum is the allies only defense.  against this power we now possess.  If we take it away from them,
then our victory is assured.  I shall give the order.  It has been given.  Good.  Doctor Zola.  What do you think?  Masterpiece.  I know this neighborhood.  I got beat up in that alley.  And that parking lot.  And behind that dinner.  Did you have something against running away?  You start running they'll never let you stop.  You stand up, push back.  You can't say no forever, right.  I know a little of what that's like.  To have every door shut in your face.  I guess I just don't know why you
would want to join the army.  You're a beautiful dame.
Beautifu..oh a woman. I mean...  An agent, not a Dame.  - You are beautiful.
- You have no idea how to talk to a woman, do you?  I think this is the longest
conversation I've had with a woman.  They're not exactly lining up to dance
with a guy that might step on them.  You must have danced.  Well, asking a woman to dance always seems so terrifying.  And the past few years just...  Didn't seem to matter that much.  Figured I'd wait.  For what?  Right partner.  This way.  What are we doing here?  Follow me.  Wonderful weather this morning.  - Isn't it.
- Yes, but I always carry an umbrella.  Good morning.  Please, not now.  You ready?  Good.  Take off your shirt your tie and your hat.  Senator Brandt, glad you could make it.  Why exactly am I in Brooklyn?  We needed access to the cities power grid.  Of course if you had given
me a generalized requisition.  A lot of people are asking for funds, ....  Oh, this is Clem uh...  Gregg Clemson, state department.  If this project of yours comes through.  We'd like to see that it doesn't get into the headlines.  Jesus.  Somebody get that kid a sandwich.  Comfortable?  It's a little big.  You save me any of that schnapps?  Not as much as I should have.  Sorry, next time.  Mr. Stark.  How are your levels?  - Levels at %.
- Good.  We may dim half the lights in Brooklyn.  But we are ready.  Good as we'll ever be.  Agent Carter, don't you think you would
be more comfortable in the booth?  Oh yes, ah, sorry.  Can you hear me, is this on?  Ladies and Gentlemen.  Today we take not another
step towards annihilation.  But the first step towards the path to peace.  We begin with a series of micro injections,  into the subjects major muscles.  The serum infusion will cause
immediate cellular change.  Then to stimulate growth.  The subject will be saturated,  ...with Vita rays  That wasn't so bad.  That was penicillin.  Serum infusion.  Beginning in, five...  Four...  Three...  Two...  One.  Now, Mr. Stark.  Steven.  Can you hear me?  Probably to late to go to the bathroom, right?  We will proceed.  That's ten percent.  Twenty percent.  Thirty.  That's forty percent.  All signs are normal.  That's fifty percent.  Sixty.  Seventy.  Steven, Steven.  - Shut it down!
- Steven.  Shut it down.  Turn back, Mr. Stark. Turn it off kill it, turn back.  No!  Don't  I can do this.  Eighty...Ninety.  That's one hundred percent!  Mr. Stark.  Son of a bitch did it.  - I did it,
- Yes, yes.  I think we did it.  You actually did it.  How do you feel?  Taller.  You look taller.  How do we look now, Senator?  I guess the folks in Berlin
are about to get very nervous.  Congratulations.  Thank you, sir.  Stop him!  - They're coming, come on.
- Now.  You all right? Hey!  This guy's been shot.  I had him.  Sorry.  I'm sorry.  Whoa, whoa.  No.
No, darling no.  Tommy no. Don't hurt him.  Go on.  Let me go.  No, don't hurt him.  Wait don't.  Don't.  No, don't.  Go get him, I can swim.  Who the hell are you?  The first of many.  I got off one hit.  Two more shall take it's place.  Heil Hydra.  The Führer is not accustomed to
being ignored, Herr Schmidt.  He funds your research because
you promised him weapons.  You serve at his pleasure.  He gave you this facility as
a reward for your injuries.  Reward, call it what it is, exile.  I no longer effect his image of Aryan perfection.  You think this is about appearances?  Your Hydra division has failed,  ...to deliver so much as a rifle in over a year.  And we have learned through local intelligence.  You have mounted a full
scaled incursion into Norway.  The Führer fears, how does he put it?  The Red Skull has
been indulged long enough.  Gentlemen.  You have come to see the
results of our work, hmm?  Let me show you.  Hitler speaks of a thousand year Reich.  But he cannot feed his armies for a month.  His troops spill their blood
across every field in Europe.  But still he is no closer to achieving his goals.  And I suppose you still aim
to win this war through magic.  Science, but I understand your confusion.  Great power has always baffled primitive men.  Hydra is assembling an arsenal that will
destroy my enemies in one stroke.  Wherever they are, regardless
of how many forces they possess.  All in a matter of hours.  Your enemies?  My weapons contain enough destructive power,  ...to decimate every hostile capital on Earth.  Quite simply, gentlemen.  I have harnessed the power of the gods.  Thank you, Schmidt.  For what?  For making it clear how obviously mad you are.  Berlin is on this map!  So it is.  You will be punished for your insolence.  You will be brought before the Führer and ....  My apologies, Doctor.  But we both knew Hydra could
grow no further in Hitler's shadow.  Heil Hydra.  Heil Hydra!  Heil Hydra.  Think you got enough?  Any hope of reproducing the
program is locked in your genetic code  But without Erskine it would take years.  He deserved more than this.  If it could work only once.  He'd be proud of you.  Colonel Phillips, my committee is demanding answers.  Great, why don't we start with how a German spy,  ..got a ride to my secret installation in your car?  What do we got here?  Speaking modestly I'm the best
mechanical engineer in this country.  But I don't know what's inside this thing.  Or how it works.  We're not even close to this technology.  Then who is?  Hydra, I'm sure you've been reading our briefings.  I'm on a number of committees, Colonel.  Hydra is a Nazi Deep science division.  It's led by Johann Schmidt.  But he has much bigger ambitions.  Hydra's practically a cult, they worship Schmidt,
they think he's invincible.  So what are you going to do about it?  I spoke to the President this morning.  As of today, the S.S.R. is being retasked.  - Colonel?
- We are taking the fight to Hydra.  Pack your bags, Agent Carter.  You too, sir.  We're flying to London tonight.  Sir.  If you're going after Schmidt, I want in.  Your an experiment, you're going to Alamogordo.  The serum worked.  I asked for an army, and all I got was you.  You.  You're not enough.  With all due respect to the Colonel.  I think we may be missing the point.  I've seen you in action, Steve.  More importantly.  The countries seen it.  Paper.  The enlistment lines have been around the block
since your picture hit the news stands.  You don't take a soldier, a symbol like that.  And hide him in a Lab.  Son.  You want to serve your country.  On the most important battlefield of the war.  Sir.  That's all I want.  Than congratulations.  You just got promoted.  I don't know if I can do this.  Nothing to it.  Sell a few bonds, bonds buy's bullets.  Bullets kill Nazi's, bing, bang, boom.  You're an American hero.  It's just I don't think I'm getting there.  The senator's got a lot of pull up on the hill.  You play ball, with us.  You'll be leading your own platoon in no time.  That's you.  Go!  *Who's strong and brave,
here to save the American way.*  Not all of us can storm a beach.  Or drive a tank.  But there's still a way all of us can fight.  *Who loves to fight like the
man for what’s right by day.*  Series E Defense bonds.  Each one you buy is a bullet in
the barrel of your best guys gun.  *Who built and came door to door for America?*  *Carries the flag shore to shore for America.*  *From Hoboken to Spokane.*  *The Star Spangled Man, with the plan.*  Cut.  All right, don't look at the camera.  *We can't ignore there's a
threat and the warning is big.*  Each one you buy is a bullet in
the barrel of your best guys gun.  *Who'll hang the noose on the
goose that we loosed from Berlin.*  *Who will redeem heed the call for America.*  *Who buys it all, gives his all for America.*  *Who stands to prove that task.*  *The Star Spangled Man, with the plan.*  We all know it's about trying to win the war.  We can't do that without bullets and bandages.  Tanks and casts.  And that's where you come in.  Every bond you buy will help
protect someone you love.  Look out there, he's there behind you.  The Germans will think twice
about trying to get the drop on us.  *Stalwart, and steady and true.*  *See how this guy can shoot!
We can tell that there's no substitute*  *Forceful and ready to defend
the Red, White and Blue!*  *Who'll give the Axis the sack
and is smart as a fox?*  *Far as an eagle we'll soar.*  *Who's making Adolph afraid
to step out of his bunk?*  *He knows what we're fighting for.*  *Who waked the giant that napped in America?*  *We know it's no one but, Captain America.*  *Who'll finish what they began?*  *Who'll kick the krauts to Japan?*  *The Star Spangled Man.*  *With the...*  *Plaaaaaaaaaan.*  How many of you are ready
to help me sock ol' Adolph on the jaw?  Okay.  I need a volunteer.  We already volunteered,
how do you think I got here?  Bring back the girls.  I think they only know the one song.  But, um...  Let me...I'll see what I can do.  You do that, sweetheart.  Nice boots, Tinkerbell.  Come on guys.  We're all on the same team here.  Hey, Captain.  Sign this.  Don't worry about it, they'll warm up to you.
Don't worry.  Hello Steve.  Hi.  - Hi
- What are you doing here?  Officially I'm not here at all.  That was quite a performance.  Yeah, uh...  I had to improvise a little bit.  The crowds I'm used to are usually more, uh...  - Proud.
- I understand you're America's new hope.  Bond sales take a ten percent
bump on every state I visit.  That's Senator Brandt's idea.  At least he's got me doing this.  Phillips would have had me stuck in a lab.  And these are you only two options?  A lab rat or a dancing monkey.  You were meant for more than this, you know.  What?  You know, for the longest time I dreamed about,  ...coming over seas and...  ..being on the front lines.  Serving my country.  Finally got everything I wanted.  And I'm wearing tights.  Look like they've been through hell.  These men move the most.  Schmidt sent out a force to a zone.   men went up against him.  Less than  returned.  Your audience contained
what was left of the th.  The rest were killed or captured.  The th?  What?  Come on.  - Colonel Phillips.
- Well if it isn't the Star Spangled Man with the plan.  What is your plan today?  I need the causality list from Bolzano.  You don't get to give me orders, son.  I just need one name.
Sergeant James Barnes from the th.  You and I are going to have a conversation
later that you won't enjoy.  Please tell me he's alive, sir.
B-A-R...  I can spell.  I've signed more of these condolence
letters today than I would care to count.  But...  The name does sound familiar.  I'm sorry.  What about the others?  Are you planning a rescue mission?  Yeah, it's called winning the war.  But if you know where they are, why not...  They're thirty miles behind the lines.  Through some of the most
heavily fortified territory in Europe.  We'd lose more men than we'd save.  I don't expect you to understand that,  because you're a chorus girl.  I think I understand just fine.  Well then understand it somewhere else.  If I read the posters correctly, you've got
someplace to be in thirty minutes.  Yes, sir.  I do.  If you have something to say, right now
is the perfect time to keep it to yourself.  What do plan to do, walk to Austria.  If that's what it takes.  You heard the Colonel,
your friend is most likely dead.  You don't know that.  Even so, he's devising a strategy, it takes time.  By the time he's done that, it could be to late.  Steve.  You told me you thought I
was meant for more than this.  Did you mean that?  Every word.  Then you gotta let me go.  I can do more than that.  On stage, girls.  Where's my helmet?  Anyone seen, Rogers?  The Hydra camp is in
Krossberg.  It's up between these two mountain ranges.  It's a factory of some kind.  We should be able to drop you
around the doorstep.  Just get me as close as you can.  You know you two are going
to be in a lot of trouble when you land.  - And you won't.
- Where I'm going if any anybody,  ...yells at me I can just shoot them.  And they will undoubtedly shoot back.  Well lets hope this is good for something.  Agent Carter.  If you're not in too much of a hurry I thought  we could stop off in Usurea
for a late night Fondue.  Stark is the best civilian pilot I've ever seen.  He's mad enough to brave this air space.
We're lucky to have him.  So you two?  Do you?  Fondue?  This is your transponder,
active it when you're ready.  And the signal will lead us straight to you.  Are you sure this thing works?  It tested more than you, pal.  Get back here, we're taking you all the way there.  I'm jumping this plane, turn this thing
around and get the hell out of here.  You can't give me orders.  The hell I can't.  I'm a Captain.  As you can see.  Production and the work here is progressing on schedule.  Even with components of this size.  Increase the output by sixty percent.  And speak with our other facilities to do the same.  But these prisoners, I'm not
sure they have the strength.  Then use up what strength they have left, Doctor.  There are always more workers.  Not now.  You know, Fritz.  One of these days I'm going
to have a stick of my own.  Fellas.  Who are you suppose to be?  Um...  Captain America.  I, beg your pardon?  What are we taking, everybody?  I'm from Fresno, ace.  There anybody else?  I'm looking for a Sergeant James Barnes.  There's an isolation ward in the factory.  No one's ever come back from it.  All right.  The tree line is northwest,
it's eighty yards past the gate.  Get out fast, and give them hell.  I'll meet you guys in the
clearing with anybody else I find.  - Wait.
- You know what you're doing?  Yeah. I knocked out Adolph Hitler over  times.  You know how to use that thing?  Okay.  What is happening?  Hey.  Not exactly a Buick.  - That's Zündung. (Ignition)
- Zündung?  Get going, Dum Dum.  I didn't know you spoke German.  I recently mastered at Le Havre.
Plus the French girls much cuter.  Get after the Russian babes.  No, no, what are you doing?  Our forces are out matched.  Keep moving.  Grab a grenade.  Bucky.  Oh my God.  It's me, it's Steve.  Steve.  - Come on.
- Steve.  I thought you were dead.  I thought you were smaller?  Come on.  What happened to you?  I joined the army.  Did it hurt?  A little.  - Permanent?
- So far.  Captain America.  How exciting.  I am a great fan of your films.  So Doctor Erskine managed it after all.  Not exactly an improvement, but, still.  Impressive.  You've got no idea.  Haven't I.  No matter what lies Erskine told you.  You see I was his greatest success.  You don't have one of those, do you?  You are deluded, Captain.  You pretend to be a simple soldier.  But in reality you are just afraid to admit,  ...that we have left humanity behind.  Men like you.  They embrace it proudly.  No fear.  Then how come you're running?  Come on, let's go.  Sir, we go to the roof?  What about me?  Where will I sit?  Not a scratch, Doctor.  Not a scratch.  Let's go.
One at a time.  Gotta get a rope or something.  Just go, get out of here.  No, not without you.  SENATOR BRANDT, I REGRET TO INFORM YOU,  ...CAPTAIIN STEPHEN G. ROGERS  ...WENT MISSING BEHIND ENEMY LINES,  ...ON THE THIRD AREA.
RECONNASANCE HAS PROVEN  ...UNFRUITFUL AS A RESULT,  ...I MUST DECLARE CAPTAIN ROGERS,  ...KILLED IN ACTION.
PERIOD.  The last surveillance flight is back.  No sign of activity.  - Go get a cup of coffee, corporal.
- Yes, sir.  We can't touch Stark, he's rich.  And he's the army's number
one weapons contractor.  - You are neither one.
- With respect, sir.  I don't regret my actions.  And I don't think Captain Rogers did, either.  What makes you think I give
a damn about your opinions.  I took a chance with you, Agent Carter.  And now America's golden boy,
and a lot of other good men are dead.  'Cause you had a crush.  It wasn't that.  I had faith.  Well I hope that's a big comfort to you,  ...when they shut this division down.  There they are, I can't believe it.  What the hell's going on out there?  Some of these men need medical attention.  Medic, I got wounded.  I'd like to surrender myself for disciplinary action.  That won't be necessary.  Yes, Sir.  Faith, huh?  You're late.  Couldn't call my ride.  Hey!  Let's hear it for, Captain America.  I am honored to present,  ...this medal for valor.  To my personal friend.  Captain America.  Captain America?  Captain, that's your cue.  I thought he'd be taller.  They one here in Poland, and the Baltic.  and the sixth one was...  About...  ...here. ,  miles west of the maginal line.  I just got a quick look.  Well nobody’s' perfect.  These are the weapon factories we about.  Sergeant Barnes said that Hydra
shipped all the parts to another facility,  ...that isn't on this map.  Agent Carter co-ordinate with MI.  I want every allied eyeball looking
for that main Hydra base.  What about us?  We are going to set a
fire under Johann Schmidt's ass.  What do say, Rogers?  It's your map. You think you
can wipe Hydra off of it?  Yes, Sir.  I'll need a team.  We're already putting together the best men.  With all due respect, Sir.  So am I.  So let's get this straight.  We barely got out of there alive,
and you want us to go back?  Pretty much.  Sounds rather, fun actually.  (Burp) I'm in.  (Speaking French)  We're in.  Hell, I'll always play.  But you gotta do one thing for me.  What's that?  Open a tab.  Well that was easy.  Another round.  Where are they putting all this stuff?  *There is a tavern in the town..*
- See, told  you.  They are all idiots.  What about you?  You ready to follow Captain America
into the jowls of death?  Hell, no.  That little guy from Brooklyn.
I was too.  I don't like to run away from a fight.  I'm following him.  Hey, you keeping your outfit, right?  You know what?  It's kinda growing on me.  *And remember that the best of
friends must part, must part*  *Adieu, adieu...*  - Captain.
- Agent Carter.  Ma'am.  Howard has some equipment for you to try.  - Tomorrow morning.
- Sounds good.  I see your top squad is prepping for duty.  You don't like music?  I do, actually.  I might even, when this is all over,  ...go dancing.  Then what are we waiting for?  The right partner.  Pay attention, Captain.  Yes, Ma'am.  I'll be there.  I'm invisible.  I'm turning into you.  It's a horrible dream.  Don't take it so hard.  Maybe she's got a friend.  Initial signature is unusual.  Alpha beta remain neutral.  No doubt Rogers picked up on that.  Seems harmless enough.  Hard to see what all the fuss is about.  Write that down.  Excuse me.
I'm looking for a Mr. Stark.  He's in with Colonel Phillips.  Oh, of course you're welcome to wait.  I uh,  Read about what you did.  Oh, that...yeah.  Well that's, you know...  Just doing what needed to be done.  Sounded like more than that.  You saved nearly  men.  Really, it's not a big deal.  Tell that to their wives.  Uh, I don't think they were all married.  You're a hero.  Well, that...you know.  Tha..that depends on the definition of...  And the Women of America.  They owe you their thanks.  And um, seeing as they're  not here.  Captain!  We're ready for you.
If you're not otherwise occupied.  Agent Carter, wait.  Looks like finding a partner
wasn't that hard after all.  Hey, that's not what you thought it was.  I don't think anything, Captain.
Not one thing.  Always wanted to be a soldier, and now you are.  Just like all the rest.  Well what about you and Stark?  How do I know you two haven't been...  ...fondueing.  You still don't know a
bloody thing about women.  Fondue's just cheese and bread, my friend.  Really?  - I didn't think...
- Or should you, pal.  The moment you think you know what's going on in...  a woman's head. Is the moment your
goose is well and truly cooked.  Me, I concentrate on work.  Which at the moment, is about making sure
you and your men do not get killed.  Carbon polymer.  Should withstand your average German bayonet.  Although, Hydra's not going to attack
you with a pocket knife.  I hear you're uh, kinda attached.  It's handier than you might think.  I took the liberty of coming up with some options.  This one's fun.  She's being fitted with electrical relays.  - That will allow you to..
- What about this one?  No, no that's just a prototype.  What's it made of?  Vibranium.  It's stronger than steel, and a third of the weight.  It's completely vibration absorbent.  How come it's not standard issue?  That's the rarest metal on Earth.  What you're holding there.  That's all we got.  Are you quite finished, Mr. Stark?  I'm sure the Captain has some unfinished business.  What do you think?  Yes, I think it works.  I had some ideas about the uniform.  Whatever you want, pal.  You are failing!  We are close to an offensive
that will shake the planet.  And we are continually delayed because,  ...you cannot outwit a simpleton with a shield.  It's hardly my area of expertise.  I, I merely develop weapons.  I..I..I cannot fire them.  Finish your mission, Doctor.
Before the American finishes his.  Sir!  I'm sorry, Herr Schmidt.  We fought to the last man.  Evidently not.  Remember when I made you
ride the Cyclone on Coney Island?  Yeah, and I threw up.  This isn't pay back, is it?  Now why would I do that?  You were right, Doctor Zola is on the train.  Hydra dispatcher gave him permission
to open up the throttle.  Wherever he's going, they must need him bad.  Let's get going because
they're moving like the devil.  We only got about a ten second window.  You miss that, window.  We're bugs on a windshield.  Mind the gap.  Gotta get moving, buds.  Maintenant. (Now)  Now!  Stop him.  Fire again.  I had him on the ropes.  I know you did.  Get down!  Fire again.  Kill him, now.  Bucky!  Hang on.  Grab my hand.  No!  So.  What is this?  Steak.  What is in it?  Cow.  Doctor, do you realize,  ...how difficult it is to get a hold,  ...of a prime cut like that out here?  I don't eat meat.  - Why not?
- It disagrees with me.  How about Cyanide, does
that give you the rumbly tummy too?  Every Hydra agent that
we've tried to take alive,  ..has crushed a little pill before we can stop them.  But not you.  So, here's my brilliant theory.  You want to live.  You're trying to intimidate me, Colonel.  I brought you dinner.  Given the valuable information that he has provided,  And in exchange for his full co-operation.  Doctor Zola is being remanded to Switzerland.  I sent that message to Washington this morning.  Of course it was encoded.  You guys haven't broken
those codes, have you?  That would be awkward.  Schmidt will know this is a lie.  He's going to kill you anyway, Doc.  You're a liability.  You know more about Schmidt than anyone.  And...  And the last guy you cost us
was Captain Rogers closest friend.  So I wouldn't count on the very best of protection.  It's you,  ...or Schmidt.  It's just the hand you've been dealt.  Schmidt believes he walks
in the footsteps of the gods.  Hmm.  Only the world itself will satisfy him.  You do realize that's nuts, don't you.  Of course.  The certainty of the plan is of no consequence.  - And why is that?
- Because he can do it.  What's his target?  He's darkened.  He's everywhere.  Tomorrow...  Hydra will stand master of the world.  Born to victory on the wings of the Valkyrie.  Our enemies weapons will be powerless against us.  If they shoot down one plane.  Hundreds more will rain fire upon them.  Where they cut off one hand.  Two more shall take it's place.  Heil Hydra.  Heil Hydra!  HEIL HYDRA!  Heil Hydra...Heil Hydra!  Heil Hydra,
Heil Hydra!  Heil Hydra.  Doctor Erskine said that,  ...the serum wouldn't just affect my muscles.  It would affect my cells.  Create a protective system,  ..of regeneration and healing.  Which means, um...  I can't get drunk.  Did you know?  Your metabolism burns four times
faster than the average person.  He thought it could be one of the side effects.  It wasn't your fault.  Did you make the report?  Yes.  Well, then you know that's not true.  You did everything you could.  Did you believe in your friend?  Did you respect him?  Then stop blaming yourself.  And that was the dignity of his choice.  He damn well must have
thought you were worth it.  I'm going after Schmidt.  I'm not going to stop 'til all
of Hydra is dead, or captured.  You won't be alone.  Johann Schmidt belongs in a bug house.  He thinks he's a god and he's willing to
blow up half the world to prove it.  Starting with the U.S.A.  Schmidt's working with powers
beyond our capabilities.  He gets across the Atlantic.  He'll wipe out the entire
eastern seaboard in an hour.  How much time we got?  According to my new best friend,
in twenty four hours.  Where is he now?  Hydra's last base is here.  In the Alps.   feet below the surface.  So what are we suppose to do?  It's not like we can just knock on the front door.  Why not?  That's exactly what we're going to do.  Arrogance may not be a uniquely American trait.  But I must say you do it better than anyone.  But, there are limits, to what
even you can do, Captain.  Or did Erskine tell you otherwise?  He told me you were insane.  Ah.  He resented my genius,  and tried to deny me what was rightfully mine.  But he gave you everything.  So.  What made you so special?  Nothing.  I'm just a kid from Brooklyn.  I can do this all day.  Oh of course you can, of course.  But unfortunately I am on a tight schedule.  So am I.  Rogers.  You might need this.  Thanks.  We're in, assault Team now!  Fire!  I'm hit, full force.  Let's go find ten more.  Cease fire.  You're late.  Weren't you about to...  Right.  Get in.  Keep it steady.  Wait!  Go get him.  I'm not kissing you.  You don't give up, do you?  Nope.  You could have the power of the gods.  Yet you wear a flag on your chest and think
you fight a battle of nations.  I have seen the future, Captain.  - There are no flags.
- Not my future.  What have you done?  No!  Come in this is, Captain Rogers.
Do you read me?  Captain Rogers, what is your...  Steve is that you, are you all right?  Great, Schmidt's dead.  What about the plane?  That's a little bit tougher to explain.  Give me your coordinates I'll
find you a safe landing site.  There's not going to be a safe landing.  I'm going to try and force it down.  I'll get Howard on the line, he'll know what to do.  There's not enough time.  This thing's moving to fast and
it's heading for New York.  I gotta put her in the water.  Please, don't do this.  We have time, we can work it out.  Right now I'm in the middle of nowhere.  If I wait any longer a lot
of people are going to die.  Peggy.  This is my choice.  Peggy.  I'm here.  I'm going to need a rain check on that dance.  All right.  A week next Saturday at the Stork Club.  You got it.  Eight O’clock, on the dot.  Don't you dare be late.  Understood?  You know I still don't know how to dance.  I'll show you how.  Just be there.  We'll have the band play something slow.  I'd hate to step on your....  Steve?  Steve.  Steve.  To the Captain.  Sir.  Take us to the next grid point.  But there's no trace of wreckage.  And the energy signal trace stops here.  Just keep looking.  There's a pitch, it's a ball high outside.  So, the dodges tied four to four.  At the count no doubt, one swing of his bat.  This fella is capable of making it
a brand new game again  Just an absolutely gorgeous day here at Ebbets field.  Philly's have managed to tie it up four to four.  But the Dodgers have three men on.  Pitch, it's a strike.  He leans in, here's the pitch,
swung on, it's a line drive.  It gets past Grissom.  Rizzo will score, Reiser heads to third.  Durocher is going to wave him in.  They look to relay but they hold steady.  - Pete Reiser with an inside the park...
- Good Morning.  Or should I say, afternoon.  Oh my god.  Where am I?  You're in a recovery room in New York city.  The Dodgers take the lead, it's eight to four
Oh ho, dodgers!  What a game we have here today, folks.  Fine game indeed.  Where am I really?  I'm afraid I don't understand.  The game.  It's from May,   I know, 'cause I was there.  Now I'm going to ask you again.  Where am I?  - Captain Rogers
- Who are you?  Captain Rogers, wait.  All agents, code .  ..., all agents code .  At ease, soldier.  Look I'm sorry about that
little show back there, but.  We thought it best to break it to you slowly.  Break what?  You've been asleep, Cap.  For almost seventy years.  You gonna be okay?  Yeah.  Yeah, just...  I had a date.  On your left.  On your left.  Uh-huh. On my left. Got it.  Don't say it. Don't you say it.  - On your left.
- Come on!  Oh!  Need a medic?  I need a new set of lungs.  Dude, you just ran, like,
 miles in  minutes.  I guess I got a late start.  Really? You should
be ashamed of yourself.  You should take another lap.  Did you just take it?
I assume you just took it.  What unit you with?  th Pararescue.  But now I'm working down at the VA.  - Sam Wilson.
- Steve Rogers.  I kind of put that together.  Must have freaked you out, coming home
after the whole defrosting thing.  It takes some getting used to.  It's good to meet you, Sam.  It's your bed, right?  What's that?  Your bed, it's too soft.  When I was over there,
I'd sleep on the ground,  use rock for pillows,
like a caveman.  Now I'm home, lying in
my bed, and it's like...  Lying on a marshmallow.  Feel like I'm gonna sink
right to the floor.  How long?  Two tours.  You must miss the
good old days, huh?  Well, things aren't so bad.  Food's a lot better. We
used to boil everything.  No polio is good.  Internet, so helpful.  I've been reading that a
lot, trying to catch up.  Marvin Gaye, ,
Trouble Man soundtrack.  Everything you missed
jammed into one album.  I'll put it on the list.  All right, Sam, duty calls.
Thanks for the run.  If that's what you
want to call running.  Oh, that's how it is?  - Oh, that's how it is.
- Okay.  Any time you want to stop by
the VA, make me look awesome  in front of the girl at the
front desk, just let me know.  - I'll keep it in mind.
- Yeah.  Hey, fellas.  Either one of you know
where the Smithsonian is?  I'm here to pick up a fossil.  That's hilarious.  - How you doing?
- Hey.  Can't run everywhere.  No, you can't.  Target is a mobile
satellite launch platform,  the Lemurian Star.  They were sending up their last
payload when pirates took them,   minutes ago.  - Any demands?
- Billion and a half.  - Why so steep?
- Because it's S.H.I.E.L.D.'s.  So it's not off-course.
It's trespassing.  I'm sure they have a good reason.  You know, I'm getting a little
tired of being Fury's janitor.  Relax. It's not that complicated.  How many pirates?  . Top mercs led by this guy.  Georges Batroc. Ex-DGSE,
Action Division.  He's at the top of
Interpol's Red Notice.  Before the French demobilised
him, he had  kill missions.  This guy's got a rep for
maximum casualties.  Hostages?  Oh, mostly techs.
One officer. Jasper Sitwell.  They're in the galley.  What's Sitwell doing
on a launch ship?  All right, I'm gonna sweep
the deck and find Batroc.  Nat, you kill the engines
and wait for instructions.  Rumlow, you sweep aft,
find the hostages,  get them to the life-pods,
get them out. Let's move.  S.T.R.I.K.E., you heard
the Cap. Gear up.  Secure channel seven.  Seven secure.  Did you do anything
fun Saturday night?  Well, all the guys from my
barbershop quartet are dead,  so, no, not really.  Coming up on the drop zone, Cap.  You know, if you ask Kristen out, from
Statistics, she'd probably say yes.  That's why I don't ask.  Too shy, or too scared?  Too busy!  Was he wearing a parachute?  No.  No, he wasn't.  Ahh!  Ahh!  Hey!  Don't move.  Thanks.  Yeah. You seemed pretty
helpless without me.  What about the nurse that lives
across the hall from you?  She seems kind of nice.  Secure the engine room,
then find me a date.  I'm multi-tasking.  I told Batroc...  If we want to make
S.H.I.E.L.D. pay us...  start sending them bodies now!  I have a bullet for someone...  You want a bullet in your head?  Move that foot - you want
a bullet in the head...?  Huh?  I don't like waiting.  Call Durand.  I want this ship ready to
move when the ransom comes.  Start the engines.  Okay.  Hey, sailor.  Shut up.  You want to be a hero? Is that it?  All right, I've
waited long enough...  Hey!  Find Batroc...  IF I don't hear anything
in two minutes...  I start killing them!  I'll Find him.  Two minutes.  Radio silence from
S.H.I.E.L.D., Batroc...  Targets acquired.  S.T.R.I.K.E. in position.  Natasha, what's your status?  Status, Natasha.  Hang on!  Engine room secure.  Time is up.  Who dies first...?  You!  Get that one.  On my mark.  Three...  Two... One.  I told you, S.H.I.E.L.D.
doesn't negotiate.  The line just went dead.  I've lost contact with them...  Ahh!  Hostages en route to extraction.  Romanoff missed the
rendezvous point, Cap.  Hostiles are still in play.  Natasha, Batroc's on the move.  Circle back to Rumlow and
protect the hostages.  Natasha.  I thought you were more
than just a shield...  Let's see.  Well, this is awkward.  What are you doing?  Backing up the hard drive.  It's a good habit to get into.  Rumlow needed your help.  What the hell are you doing here?  You're saving S.H.I.E.L.D. intel.  Whatever I can get my hands on.  Our mission is to rescue hostages.  No, that's your mission,  and you've done it beautifully.  You just jeopardised
this whole operation.  I think that's overstating things.  Okay.  That one's on me.  You're damn right.  You just can't stop
yourself from lying, can you?  I didn't lie.  Agent Romanoff had a different
mission than yours.  Which you didn't feel
obliged to share.  I'm not obliged to do anything.  Those hostages could
have died, Nick.  I sent the greatest soldier in history
to make sure that didn't happen.  Soldiers trust each other.
That's what makes it an army.  Not a bunch of guys running
around shooting guns.  Last time I trusted
someone, I lost an eye.  Look, I didn't want you doing anything
you weren't comfortable with.  Agent Romanoff is comfortable
with everything.  I can't lead a mission  when the people I'm leading
have missions of their own.  It's called compartmentalisation.  Nobody spills the secrets,
because nobody knows them all.  Except you.  You're wrong about me.  I do share.  I'm nice like that.  Insight bay.  Captain Rogers does not have  clearance for Project Insight.  Director override.
Fury, Nicholas J.  - Confirmed.  You know, they used to play music.  Yeah.  My grandfather operated one
of these things for  years.  Granddad worked in a nice building.  Got good tips.  He'd walk home every night, a roll
of ones stuffed in his lunch bag.  He'd say, "Hi."  People would say, "Hi" back.  Time went on, the
neighbourhood got rougher.  He'd say, "Hi."  They'd say, "Keep on steppin'."  Granddad got to gripping that
lunch bag a little tighter.  Did he ever get mugged?  Every week some punk would
say, "What's in the bag?"  What would he do?  He'd show them.  Bunch of crumpled ones,
and a loaded . Magnum.  Yeah, Granddad loved people.  But he didn't trust them very much.  Yeah, I know.  They're a little bit
bigger than a ..  This is Project Insight.  Three next-generation helicarriers  synced to a network of
targeting satellites.  Launched from the Lemurian Star.  Once we get them in the air,
they never need to come down.  Continuous sub-orbital flight,
courtesy of our new repulsor engines.  Stark?  He had a few suggestions  once he got an up-close
look at our old turbines.  These new long-range precision guns  can eliminate ,
hostiles a minute.  The satellites can read a terrorist's DNA
before he steps outside his spider hole.  We're gonna neutralise a lot of
threats before they even happen.  Thought the punishment usually
came after the crime.  We can't afford to wait that long.  Who's "we"?  After New York, I convinced
the World Security Council  we needed a quantum surge
in threat analysis.  For once, we're way
ahead of the curve.  By holding a gun to everyone on
Earth and calling it protection.  You know, I read those SSR files.  "Greatest Generation"?  You guys did some nasty stuff.  Yeah, we compromised.  Sometimes in ways that
made us not sleep so well.  But we did it so that
people could be free.  This isn't freedom. This is fear.  S.H.I.E.L.D. takes the world as
it is, not as we'd like it to be.  And it's getting damn near past time for
you to get with that programme, Cap.  Don't hold your breath.  Welcome to the Smithsonian.  Visitor information booths are
available on the second level.  A symbol to the nation.  A hero to the world.  The story of Captain America is one
of honour, bravery and sacrifice.  Denied enlistment
due to poor health,  Steven Rogers was
chosen for a programme  unique in the annals
of American warfare.  One that would transform him into
the world's first Super-Soldier.  In this rare footage,  everyone's favourite war
hero, Captain America...  Battle tested,  Captain America  and his Howling Commandos
quickly earned their stripes.  Their mission:  taking down HYDRA, the Nazi
rogue science division.  Best friends since childhood,  Bucky Barnes and Steven
Rogers were inseparable  on both schoolyard and battlefield.  Barnes is the only Howling
Commando to give his life  in service of his country.  That was a difficult winter.  A blizzard had trapped half our
battalion behind the German line.  Steve, Captain Rogers,  he fought his way through
a HYDRA blockade  that had pinned our
allies down for months.  He saved over , men.  Including the man who would...  Who would become my
husband, as it turned out.  Even after he died, Steve
was still changing my life.  You should be proud
of yourself, Peggy.  Mmm.  I have lived a life.  My only regret is that you
didn't get to live yours.  What is it?  For as long as I can remember,
I just wanted to do what was right.  I guess I'm not quite sure
what that is any more.  And I thought I could throw
myself back in and follow orders.  Serve.  It's just not the same.  You're always so dramatic.  Look, you saved the world.  We rather mucked it up.  You didn't.  Knowing that you helped found
S.H.I.E.L.D. is half the reason I stay.  Hey.  The world has changed,
and none of us can go back.  All we can do is our best.  And sometimes the best that
we can do is to start over.  Peggy.  Steve.  Yeah?  You're alive.  You came back.  Yeah, Peggy.  It's been so long.  So long.  Well, I couldn't
leave my best girl.  Not when she owes me a dance.  Secure office.  Open Lemurian Star's
satellite launch file.  Access denied.  Run decryption.  Decryption failed.  Director override.
Fury, Nicholas J.  Override denied. All files sealed.  On whose authority?  Fury, Nicholas J.  World Security Council.  Confirmed.  If Nick Fury thinks
he can get his costumed thugs  and S.T.R.I.K.E. commandos to mop
up his mess, he's sadly mistaken.  This failure is unacceptable.  Considering this attack took place  one mile from my country's
sovereign waters,  it's a bit more than that.
I move for immediate hearing.  We don't need hearings,
we need action.  It's this Council's duty
to oversee S.H.I.E.L.D.  A breach like this raises
serious questions.  Like how the hell
did a French pirate  manage to hijack a covert S.H.I.E.L.D.
vessel in broad daylight?  For the record, Councilman,
he's Algerian.  I can draw a map if it'd help.  I appreciate your wit,
Secretary Pierce.  But this Council takes things like
international piracy fairly seriously.  Really? I don't.  I don't care about one boat,
I care about the fleet.  If this Council is going
to fall to rancour  every time someone pushes
us on the playing field,  maybe we need someone
to oversee us.  Mr Secretary,
nobody is suggesting...  Excuse me.  More trouble, Mr Secretary?  Depends on your definition.  I work  floors away and it takes
a hijacking for you to visit?  A nuclear war would do it, too.  You busy in there?  Nothing some earmarks can't fix.  I'm here to ask a favour.  I want you to call for a vote.  Project Insight has to be delayed.  Nick, that's not a favour,  that's a sub-committee
hearing. A long one.  It could be nothing.
It probably is nothing.  I just need time to
make sure it's nothing.  But if it's something?  Then we'll both be damn glad those
helicarriers aren't in the air.  Fine.  But you got to get Iron Man to
stop by my niece's birthday party.  Thank you, sir.  And not just a flyby.
He's got to mingle.  The thing is,  I think it's getting worse.  A cop pulled me over last week.  He thought I was drunk.  I swerved to miss a plastic bag.  I thought it was an IED.  Some stuff you leave there.  Other stuff you bring back.  It's our job to figure
out how to carry it.  Is it gonna be in a big suitcase,
or in a little man-purse?  It's up to you.  - I'll see you next week.
- Definitely.  Look who it is, the running man.  Caught the last few minutes.
It's pretty intense.  Yeah, brother, we all
got the same problems.  Guilt,  regret.  You lose someone?  My wingman, Riley.  Flying a night mission.  Standard PJ rescue op.  Nothing we hadn't done
, times before.  Until an RPG knocked Riley's
dumb ass out of the sky.  Nothing I could do.  It's like I was up
there just to watch.  - I'm sorry.
- After that,  I had a really hard time finding a
reason for being over there, you know?  But you're happy now,
back in the world?  The number of people giving me
orders is down to about zero.  So, hell yeah.  Are you thinking about getting out?  No.  I don't know.  To be honest, I don't know what I
would do with myself if I did.  Ultimate fighting?  Just a great idea off
the top of my head.  Seriously, you could do
whatever you want to do.  What makes you happy?  I don't know.  Activating
communications encryption protocol.  Open secure line .  Confirmed.  This is Hill.  I need you here in D.C.  Deep shadow conditions.  Give me four hours.  You have three. Over.  Want to see my lease?  Fracture detected.  Recommend anaesthetic injection.  D.C. Metro Police dispatch
shows no units in this area.  Get me out of here.  Propulsion systems offline.  Then reboot, damn it!  Warning. Window
integrity compromised.  You think?  How long to propulsion?  Calculating.  Window integrity %.
Deploying countermeasures.  Hold that order!  Window integrity %.  Offensive measures advised.  Wait!  Window integrity %.  Now!  Propulsion systems now online.  Full acceleration! Now!  Initiate vertical takeoff!  Flight systems damaged.  Then activate guidance cameras!  Give me the wheel!  Get me Agent Hill.  Communications array damaged.  Well, what's not damaged?  Air conditioning is
fully operational.  Traffic ahead.  Give me an alternate route.  Traffic alert on Roosevelt Bridge.  All vehicles stopped.  th Avenue clear in three
blocks, directly ahead.  Warning. Approaching intersection.  Get me off the grid!  Calculating route
to secure location.  So sweet. That is so nice.  Hi.  I got to go, though.  Okay. Bye.  My aunt, she's kind
of an insomniac.  Yeah.  Hey, if you want...  If you want, you're welcome
to use my machine.  Might be cheaper than the
one in the basement.  Oh, yeah? What's it cost?  A cup of coffee?  Thank you, but  I already have a
load in downstairs,  and you really don't want
my scrubs in your machine.  I just finished a rotation in the
infectious disease ward, so...  Well, I'll keep my distance.  Hopefully, not too far.  Oh, and I think you
left your stereo on.  Oh.  Right. Thank you.  Yeah.  I don't remember giving you a key.  You really think I'd need one?  My wife kicked me out.  I didn't know you were married.  A lot of things you
don't know about me.  I know, Nick. That's the problem.  I'm sorry to have to do this,
but I had no place else to crash.  Who else knows about your wife?  Just...  My friends.  Is that what we are?  That's up to you.  Ahh!  Don't trust anyone.  Captain Rogers?  Captain,  I'm Agent  of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Special Service.  Kate?  I'm assigned to protect you.  On whose order?  His.  Foxtrot is down, he's unresponsive.  I need EMTs.  Do we have a  on the shooter?  Tell him I'm in pursuit.  Is he gonna make it?  I don't know.  Tell me about the shooter.  He's fast. Strong.  Had a metal arm.  Ballistics?  Three slugs, no rifling.
Completely untraceable.  Soviet-made.  Yeah.  He's in V-tach.  Crash cart coming in.  Nurse, help me with the drape.  - BP's dropping.
- Defibrillator!  I want you to charge him at .  Don't do this to me, Nick.  Stand back.  Three, two,  one. Clear.  - Pulse?
- No pulse.  Okay, , please.  Stand back!  Three, two, one. Clear!  Get me epinephrine!  Pulse?  Negative.  Don't do this to me, Nick.
Don't do this to me.  What's the time?  :, Doctor.  Time of death, : a.m.  I need to take him.  Natasha.  Natasha!  Why was Fury in your apartment?  I don't know.  Cap, they want you
back at S.H.I.E.L.D.  Yeah, give me a second.  They want you now.  Okay.  You're a terrible liar.  S.T.R.I.K.E.
team, escort Captain Rogers  back to S.H.I.E.L.D.
immediately for questioning.  I told him.  - Let's go.
- Yeah.  S.T.R.I.K.E., move it out.  Captain Rogers.  Neighbour.  Oh. Captain.  I'm Alexander Pierce.  Sir, it's an honour.  The honour's mine, Captain.  My father served in
the st. Come on in.  That photo was taken
five years after Nick and I met,  when I was at State
Department in Bogota.  E.L.N. rebels took the embassy,  and security got me out,
but the rebels took hostages.  Nick was Deputy Chief of the
S.H.I.E.L.D. station there,  and he comes to me with a plan.  He wants to storm the
building through the sewers.  I said, "No, we'll negotiate."  Turned out, the E.L.N. didn't negotiate,
so they put out a kill order.  They stormed the basement,
and what do they find?  They find it empty.  Nick had ignored my direct order,  and carried out an unauthorised
military operation on foreign soil,  and saved the lives of a
dozen political officers,  including my daughter.  So you gave him a promotion.  I've never had any
cause to regret it.  Captain, why was Nick in
your apartment last night?  I don't know.  Did you know it was bugged?  I did, because Nick told me.  Did he tell you he was
the one who bugged it?  I want you to see something.  Who hired you, Batroc?  Is that live?  Yeah, they picked him up last night
in a not-so-safe house in Algiers.  Are you saying he's a suspect?  Assassination isn't Batroc's line.  No, no. It's more
complicated than that.  Batroc was hired anonymously
to attack the Lemurian Star.  And he was contacted by email
and paid by wire transfer,  and then the money was run
through  fictitious accounts.  The last one going
to a holding company  that was registered
to a Jacob Veech.  Am I supposed to know who that is?  Not likely. Veech
died six years ago.  His last address was
 Elmhurst Drive.  When I first met Nick, his
mother lived at .  Are you saying Fury
hired the pirates? Why?  The prevailing theory  was that the hijacking was a
cover for the acquisition  and sale of classified
intelligence.  The sale went sour and
that led to Nick's death.  If you really knew Nick Fury,
you'd know that's not true.  Why do you think we're talking?  See, I took a seat on the Council
not because I wanted to,  but because Nick asked me to,
because we were both realists.  We knew that, despite all the diplomacy
and the handshaking and the rhetoric,  to build a really better world  sometimes means having to
tear the old one down.  And that makes enemies.  Those people that call you
dirty because you got the guts  to stick your hands in the mud and
try to build something better.  And the idea that those
people could be happy today  makes me really, really angry.  Captain, you were the last
one to see Nick alive.  I don't think that's an accident.  And I don't think you do, either.  So, I'm gonna ask again.  Why was he there?  He told me not to trust anyone.  I wonder if that included him.  I'm sorry.  Those were his last words.  Excuse me.  Captain,  somebody murdered my friend
and I'm gonna find out why.  Anyone gets in my way,
they're gonna regret it.  Anyone.  Understood.  Operations Control.  Confirmed.  Keep all S.T.R.I.K.E.
personnel on site.  - Understood.
- Yes, sir.  - Forensics.
- Confirmed.  Cap.  Rumlow.  Evidence Response found some fibres
on the roof they want us to see.  You want me to get
the tac team ready?  No, let's wait and see
what it is first.  Right.  What's the status so far?  - Administrations level.
- Confirmed.  Excuse me.  I'm sorry about what
happened with Fury.  It's messed up, what
happened to him.  Thank you.  Records.  Confirmed.  Before we get started,  does anyone want to get out?  Mobilise S.T.R.I.K.E.
units, th floor.  Whoa, big guy.  I just want you to know,
Cap, this isn't personal!  It kind of feels personal.  Drop the shield and put
your hands in the air!  Give it up,
Rogers! Get that door open!  You have nowhere to go!  Are you kidding me?  He's headed for the garage.
Lock down the bridge.  Stand down, Captain
Rogers. Stand down.  Repeat, stand down.  Eyes here.  Whatever your op is, bury it.  This is Level One.  Contact DOT.  All traffic lights in
the district go red.  Shut all runways at BWI,  IAD and Reagan.  All security cameras in the city go
through this monitor right here.  Scan all open sources,  phones, computers,  PDAs. Whatever.  If someone tweets about this guy,  I want to know about it.  With all due respect, if
S.H.I.E.L.D. is conducting  a manhunt for Captain America
we deserve to know why.  Because he lied to us.  Captain Rogers has information
regarding the death of Director Fury.  He refused to share it.  As difficult as this is to accept,  Captain America is a
fugitive from S.H.I.E.L.D.  - Where is it?
- Safe.  - Do better.
- Where did you get it?  Why would I tell you?  Fury gave it to you. Why?  - What's on it?
- I don't know.  Stop lying.  I only act like I know
everything, Rogers.  I bet you knew Fury hired
the pirates, didn't you?  Well, it makes sense. The ship was
dirty, Fury needed a way in, so do you.  I'm not gonna ask you again.  I know who killed Fury.  Most of the intelligence community
doesn't believe he exists.  The ones that do call
him the Winter Soldier.  He's credited with over
two dozen assassinations  in the last  years.  So he's a ghost story.  Five years ago, I was escorting
a nuclear engineer out of Iran.  Somebody shot out my
tyres near Odessa.  We lost control, went
straight over a cliff.  I pulled us out.  But the Winter Soldier was there.  I was covering my
engineer so he shot him  straight through me.  Soviet slug.  No rifling. Bye-bye, bikinis.  Yeah, I bet you look
terrible in them now.  Going after him is a dead end.
I know, I've tried.  Like you said, he's a ghost story.  Well, let's find out
what the ghost wants.  Nick Fury was
murdered in cold blood.  To any reasonable person,  that would make him a
martyr, not a traitor.  You know what makes him a traitor?  Hiring a mercenary to
hijack his own ship.  Nick Fury used your friendship  to coerce this Council into
delaying Project Insight.  A project he knew would expose
his own illegal operations.  At best, he lied
to you. At worst...  Are you calling for my resignation?  I've got a pen and
paper right here.  That discussion can be
tabled for a later time.  But you do want to
have a discussion?  We've already had it, Mr Secretary.  This Council moves to immediately
reactivate Project Insight.  If you want to say something
snappy, now would be a good time.  First rule of going on the
run is don't run, walk.  If I run in these shoes,
they're gonna fall off.  The drive has a Level Six homing
program, so as soon as we boot up  S.H.I.E.L.D. will know
exactly where we are.  How much time will we have?  About nine minutes from  now.  Fury was right about that ship.  Somebody's trying
to hide something.  This drive is protected
by some sort of Al.  It keeps rewriting itself
to counter my commands.  Can you override it?  The person who developed this
is slightly smarter than me.  Slightly.  I'm gonna try running a tracer.  This is a program that
S.H.I.E.L.D. developed  to track hostile malware,  so if we can't read the file,  maybe we can find out
where it came from.  Can I help you guys with anything?  Oh, no. My fiancé was just helping
me with some honeymoon destinations.  Right. We're getting married.  Congratulations. Where are you
guys thinking about going?  - New Jersey.
- Oh.  I have the exact same glasses.  Wow, you two are practically twins.  Yeah, I wish.  Specimen.  If you guys need anything,
I've been Aaron.  Thank you.  - You said nine minutes. Come on.
- Relax.  Got it.  You know it?  I used to. Let's go.  Standard tac team.  Two behind, two across,  and two coming straight at us.  If they make us, I'll engage, you hit
the south escalator to the metro.  Shut up and put your arm around me.
Laugh at something I said.  - What?
- Do it.  Negative at the source.  Give me a floor rundown.  Negative on three.  Negative on two.  Snake the upper levels.
Work down to me.  - Kiss me.
- What?  Public displays of affection
make people very uncomfortable.  Yes, they do.  You still uncomfortable?  It's not exactly the
word I would use.  Where did Captain America
learn how to steal a car?  - Nazi Germany.
- Mmm.  And we're borrowing.
Take your feet off the dash.  All right, I have a question for you,
which you do not have to answer.  I feel like, if you
don't answer it though,  - you're kind of answering it, you know.
- What?  Was that your first
kiss since ?  - That bad, huh?
- I didn't say that.  Well, it kind of sounds like
that's what you're saying.  No, I didn't.  I just wondered how much
practice you've had.  - You don't need practice.
- Everybody needs practice.  It was not my first
kiss since .  I'm , I'm not dead.  Nobody special, though?  Believe it or not,
it's kind of hard  to find someone with
shared life experience.  Well, that's all right.
You just make something up.  - What, like you?
- I don't know.  The truth is a matter
of circumstance.  It's not all things to all
people, all the time.  Neither am I.  That's a tough way to live.  It's a good way not to die, though.  You know, it's kind of
hard to trust someone,  when you don't know who
that someone really is.  Yeah.  Who do you want me to be?  How about a friend?  Well, there's a chance you might
be in the wrong business, Rogers.  This is it.  The file came from
these coordinates.  So did I.  This camp is where I was trained.  Change much?  A little.  Pick up the pace, ladies!  Let's go! Let's go!  Double time!  Come on, Rogers, move it!  Come on, fall in!  Rogers!  I said fall in!  This is a dead end.  Zero heat signatures, zero
waves, not even radio.  Whoever wrote the file must have
used a router to throw people off.  What is it?  Army regulations
forbid storing munitions  within  yards of the barracks.  This building is in
the wrong place.  This is S.H.I.E.L.D.  Maybe where it started.  And there's Stark's father.  Howard.  Who's the girl?  If you're already working
in a secret office,  why do you need to
hide the elevator?  This can't be the data point.
This technology is ancient.  Y-E-S spells yes.  Shall we play a game?  - It's from a movie that was really...
- I know, I saw it.  Rogers, Steven,  born .  Romanoff, Natalia Alianovna,  born .  It's some kind of recording.  I am not a recording, Fräulein.  I may not be the man I was  when the Captain took
me prisoner in .  But I am.  You know this thing?  Arnim Zola was a German
scientist who worked for the Red Skull.  He's been dead for years.  First correction, I am Swiss.  Second, look around you.  I have never been more alive.  In , I received a
terminal diagnosis.  Science could not save my body.  My mind, however,
that was worth saving,  on , feet of databanks.  You are standing in my brain.  - How did you get here?
- Invited.  It was Operation Paperclip
after World War II.  S.H.I.E.L.D. recruited German
scientists with strategic value.  They thought I
could help their cause.  I also helped my own.  HYDRA died with the Red Skull.  Cut off one head, two more
shall take its place.  Prove it.  Accessing archive.  HYDRA was founded on the
belief that humanity  could not be trusted
with its own freedom.  What we did not realise
was that if you try  to take that freedom, they resist.  The war taught us much.  Humanity needed to surrender
its freedom willingly.  After the war,
S.H.I.E.L.D. was founded,  and I was recruited.  The new HYDRA grew.  A beautiful parasite
inside S.H.I.E.L.D.  For  years,  HYDRA has been secretly
feeding crisis, reaping war,  and when history did not cooperate,  history was changed.  That's impossible. S.H.I.E.L.D.
would have stopped you.  Accidents will happen.  HYDRA created a world so chaotic  that humanity is finally ready
to sacrifice its freedom  to gain its security.  Once a purification
process is complete,  HYDRA's new world order will arise.  We won, Captain.  Your death amounts to
the same as your life.  A zero sum.  As I was saying...  What's on this drive?  Project Insight requires insight.  So, I wrote an algorithm.  What kind of algorithm?
What does it do?  The answer to your
question is fascinating.  Unfortunately, you shall
be too dead to hear it.  Steve, we got a bogey.  Short range ballistic.  -  seconds tops.
- Who fired it?  S.H.I.E.L.D.  I am afraid I have been
stalling, Captain.  Admit it.  It's better this way.  We are, both of us,  out of time.  Call in the asset.  I'm going to go, Mr Pierce.  You need anything before I leave?  No... Uh, it's fine,
Renata, you can go home.  Okay. Night-night.  Good night.  Want some milk?  The timetable has moved.  Our window is limited.  Two targets, Level Six.  They already cost me Zola.  I want confirmed death in  hours.  Sorry, Mr Pierce, I...  I forgot my  phone.  Oh, Renata, I wish you
would have knocked.  Hey, man.  I'm sorry about this. We
need a place to lay low.  Everyone we know is
trying to kill us.  Not everyone.  - You okay?
- Yeah.  What's going on?  When I first joined S.H.I.E.L.D.
I thought I was going straight.  But I guess I just traded
in the KGB for HYDRA.  I thought I knew whose
lies I was telling,  but I guess I can't tell
the difference any more.  There's a chance you might
be in the wrong business.  I owe you.  It's okay.  If it was the other way around,  and it was down to me
to save your life,  now you be honest with me,  would you trust me to do it?  I would now.  And I'm always honest.  Well, you seem pretty chipper  for someone who just found
out they died for nothing.  Well, guess I just like
to know who I'm fighting.  I made breakfast.  If you guys eat that sort of thing.  So, the question is,  who at S.H.I.E.L.D. could launch
a domestic missile strike?  Pierce.  Who happens to be sitting on top of the
most secure building in the world.  But he's not working alone.  Zola's algorithm was
on the Lemurian Star.  So was Jasper Sitwell.  So, the real question is, how
do the two most wanted people  in Washington kidnap a S.H.I.E.L.D.
officer in broad daylight?  The answer is, you don't.  - What's this?
- Call it a résumé.  Is this Bakhmala?  The Khalid Khandil
mission, that was you?  You didn't say he was a Pararescue.  - Is this Riley?
- Yeah.  I heard they couldn't bring
in the choppers because of the RPGs.  What did you use? A stealth chute?  No.  These.  I thought you said
you were a pilot.  I never said pilot.  I can't ask you to do this, Sam.  You got out for a good reason.  Dude, Captain America
needs my help.  There's no better
reason to get back in.  Where can we get our hands
on one of these things?  The last one is at Fort Meade.  Behind three guarded gates
and a -inch steel wall.  Shouldn't be a problem.  Listen, I got to fly home tonight  because I got some
constituency problem  and I got to press the flesh.  Any constituent in
particular, Mr Senator?  Oh, no, not really.  Twenty-three, kind of hot.  Real hot, you know?  Wants to be a reporter,
I think. I don't know.  Who listens at that point?  Doesn't sound like much
of a problem to me.  Really? Because she's
killing my back.  But this isn't the place
to talk about it.  This is a nice pin.  - Thank you.
- Come here.  Hail HYDRA.  - See, it's right there...
- Yeah, I just saw that.  - Should I get it checked?
- I think you should.  I need a minute.  Bring the car around.  Yes, sir?  Agent Sitwell, how was lunch?  I hear the crab cakes
here are delicious.  Who is this?  The good-looking guy in the
sunglasses, your  o'clock.  Your other  o'clock.  There you go.  What do you want?  You're gonna go around the
corner to your right.  There's a grey car two spaces down.  You and I are gonna take a ride.  And Why would I do that?  Because that tie looks
really expensive,  and I'd hate to mess it up.  Tell me about Zola's algorithm.  Never heard of it.  What were you doing
on the Lemurian Star?  I was throwing up. I get seasick.  Is this little display meant to insinuate
that you're gonna throw me off the roof?  Because it's really not
your style, Rogers.  You're right.  It's not.  It's hers.  Oh, wait. What about that girl
from Accounting, Laura...  Lillian. Lip piercing, right?  Yeah, she's cute.  Yeah. I'm not ready for that.  Zola's algorithm is a program  for choosing  - Insight's targets.
- What targets?  You!  A TV anchor in Cairo, the
Under Secretary of Defence,  a high school Valedictorian
in Iowa City,  Bruce Banner, Stephen Strange,
anyone who's a threat  to HYDRA.  Now, or in the future.  In the future? How could it know?  How could it not?  The st century is a digital book.  Zola taught HYDRA how to read it.  Your bank records,  medical histories, voting patterns,  emails, phone calls,
your damn SAT scores!  Zola's algorithm
evaluates people's past  to predict their future.  And what then?  Oh, my God. Pierce
is gonna kill me.  What then?  Then the Insight helicarriers
scratch people off the list.  A few million at a time.  HYDRA doesn't like leaks.  Then why don't you try
sticking a cork in it?  Insight's launching in  hours.  We're cutting it a
little bit close here.  I know. We'll use him
to bypass the DNA scans  and access the
helicarriers directly.  What? Are you crazy?  That is a terrible, terrible idea.  Shit!  Hang on!  I have her. Find him.  Go! I got this!  Taking fire above
and below expressway.  Civilians threatened. Repeat,
civilians threatened.  I make an LZ,  block
of Virginia Avenue.  Rendezvous, two minutes.  Get out of the way!  Stay out of the way!  Ahh!  Bucky?  Who the hell is Bucky?  Drop the shield, Cap!
Get on your knees!  Get on your knees!  Get down, get down!
Get on your knees!  Down!  Don't move.  Put the gun down.  Not here. Not here!  It was him.  He looked right at me like
he didn't even know me.  How is that even possible?
It was, like,  years ago.  Zola.  Bucky's whole unit
was captured in '.  Zola experimented on him.  Whatever he did helped
Bucky survive the fall.  They must have found him and...  None of that's your fault, Steve.  Even when I had
nothing, I had Bucky.  We need to get a doctor here.  If we don't put
pressure on that wound,  she's gonna bleed out
here in the truck.  Ah. That thing was
squeezing my brain.  Who is this guy?  Three holes. Start digging.  GSW. She's lost at least a pint.  Maybe two.  - Let me take her.
- She'll want to see him first.  About damn time.  Lacerated spinal column,  cracked sternum,  shattered collarbone,  perforated liver,  and one hell of a headache.  Don't forget your collapsed lung.  Let's not forget that.  Otherwise, I'm good.  They cut you open.
Your heart stopped.  Tetrodotoxin B.  Slows the pulse to
one beat a minute.  Banner developed it for stress.  Didn't work so great for him,
but we found a use for it.  Why all the secrecy?
Why not just tell us?  Any attempt on the Director's
life had to look successful.  Can't kill you if
you're already dead.  Besides,  I wasn't sure who to trust.  Sergeant Barnes.  Bucky, no!  The procedure has already started.  You are to be the
new fist of HYDRA.  Put him on ice.  Sir.  He's unstable.  Erratic.  Mission report.  Mission report now.  The man on the bridge.  Who was he?  You met him earlier this
week on another assignment.  I knew him.  Your work has been
a gift to mankind.  You shaped the century.  And I need you to do
it one more time.  Society's at a tipping point
between order and chaos.  And tomorrow morning,
we're gonna give it a push.  But, if you don't do your
part, I can't do mine.  And HYDRA can't give the world
the freedom it deserves.  But I knew him.  Prep him.  He's been out of cryo
freeze too long.  Then wipe him and start over.  This man declined the
Nobel Peace Prize.  He said peace wasn't
an achievement,  it was a responsibility.  See, it's stuff like this
that gives me trust issues.  We have to stop the launch.  I don't think the Council's
accepting my calls any more.  What's that?  Once the helicarriers
reach , feet,  they'll triangulate with Insight
satellites, becoming fully weaponised.  We need to breach those carriers  and replace their targeting
blades with our own.  One or two won't cut it.  We need to link all three
carriers for this to work,  because if even one of those
ships remains operational,  a whole lot of people
are gonna die.  We have to assume everyone
aboard those carriers is HYDRA.  We have to get past them,
insert these server blades.  And maybe, just maybe we
can salvage what's left...  We're not salvaging anything.  We're not just taking
down the carriers, Nick.  We're taking down S.H.I.E.L.D.  S.H.I.E.L.D. had nothing
to do with this.  You gave me this mission.
This is how it ends.  S.H.I.E.L.D.'s been compromised.
You said so yourself.  HYDRA grew right under your
nose and nobody noticed.  Why do you think we're meeting
in this cave? I noticed.  How many paid the
price before you did?  Look, I didn't know about Barnes.  Even if you had,
would you have told me?  Or would you have
compartmentalised that, too?  S.H.I.E.L.D., HYDRA,  it all goes.  He's right.  Don't look at me.  I do what he does, just slower.  Well...  It looks like you're giving
the orders now, Captain.  We looked for you, after.  My folks wanted to give you
a ride to the cemetery.  I know, I'm sorry. I just
kind of wanted to be alone.  How was it?  It was okay.  She's next to Dad.  I was gonna ask...  I know what you're gonna
say, Buck. I just...  We can put the couch
cushions on the floor  like when we were kids.  It'll be fun. All you got
to do is shine my shoes,  maybe take out the trash.  Come on.  Thank you, Buck, but I
can get by on my own.  The thing is, you don't have to.  I'm with you to the
end of the line, pal.  He's gonna be there, you know.  I know.  Look, whoever he used to
be and the guy he is now,  I don't think he's
the kind you save.  He's the kind you stop.  I don't know if I can do that.  Well, he might not
give you a choice.  He doesn't know you.  He will.  Gear up. It's time.  You gonna wear that?  No. If you're gonna fight a
war, you got to wear a uniform.  Oh, man.  I am so fired.  We are in final launch sequence.  We are go on guidance.  All personnel to launch stations.  And how was your flight?  Lovely.  The ride from the airport, less so.  Sadly, S.H.I.E.L.D. can't
control everything.  Including Captain America.  This facility is
biometrically controlled.  And these will give you
unrestricted access.  I've been parking
there for two months.  - But it's his spot.
- So where's he been?  I think Afghanistan.  Negative DT Six.
The pattern is full.  Well, he could've said something.  Ahh!  Must be the dish.  I'll check it out.  Triskelion command request
we clear the area for launch.  Excuse us.  I know the road
hasn't exactly been smooth,  and some of you would have gladly
kicked me out of the car along the way.  Finally, we're here.  And the world should be grateful.  Attention all S.H.I.E.L.D. agents,  this is Steve Rogers.  You've heard a lot about
me over the last few days.  Some of you were even
ordered to hunt me down.  But I think it's time
you know the truth.  S.H.I.E.L.D. is not
what we thought it was.  It's been taken over by HYDRA.  Alexander Pierce is their leader.  The S.T.R.I.K.E. and Insight
crew are HYDRA as well.  I don't know how many more,  but I know they're in the building.  They could be standing
right next to you.  They almost have what they want.  Absolute control.  They shot Nick Fury.  And it won't end there.  If you launch those
helicarriers today,  HYDRA will be able to kill
anyone that stands in their way.  Unless we stop them.  I know I'm asking a lot.  But the price of freedom is high.
It always has been.  And it's a price I'm
willing to pay.  And if I'm the only
one, then so be it.  But I'm Willing to bet I'm not.  Did you write that down first,
or was it off the top of your head?  You smug son of a bitch.  Arrest him.  I guess I've got the floor.  Preempt the launch sequence.
Send those ships up now.  Is there a problem?  Um...  Is there a problem?  I'm sorry, sir.  I'm not gonna launch those ships.  Captain's orders.  Move away from your station.  Like he said...  Hold it right there.  Put the gun down!  Captain's orders.  You picked the wrong side, Agent.  Depends on where you're standing.  Close the bay door!  Close the bay door now!  Close the bay door!  They're initiating launch.  Hey, Cap, how do we know the
good guys from the bad guys?  If they're shooting
at you, they're bad.  Hey, Cap,  I found those bad guys
you were talking about.  You Okay?  I'm not dead yet.  Let me ask you a question.  What if Pakistan marched
into Mumbai tomorrow  and you knew that they were
going to drag your daughters  into a soccer stadium
for execution,  and you could just stop it,
with a flick of the switch.  Wouldn't you?  Wouldn't you all?  Not if it was your switch.  I'm sorry.  Did I step on your moment?  Satellites in range at , feet.  Falcon, status?  Engaging.  All right, Cap. I'm in.  Oh, shit.  Eight minutes, Cap.  Working on it.  What are you doing?  She's disabling security protocols  and dumping all the secrets
onto the Internet.  - Including HYDRA'S.
- And S.H.I.E.L.D.'s.  If you do this,  none of your past is
gonna remain hidden.  Are you sure you're ready
for the world to see you  as you really are?  Are you?  Alpha lock.  Falcon, where are you now?  I had to take a detour.  Whoo!  Oh, yeah!  I'm in.  Bravo lock.  Two down, one to go.  All S.H.I.E.L.D. pilots, scramble.  We're the only air support
Captain Rogers has got.  Disabling the encryption
is an executive order.  It takes two Alpha Level members.  Don't worry. Company's coming.  Did you get my flowers?  - I'm glad you're here, Nick.
- Really?  Because I thought
you had me killed.  You know how the game works.  So why make me head
of S.H.I.E.L.D.?  Because you were the best,  and the most ruthless
person I ever met.  I did what I did to protect people.  Our enemies are your enemies, Nick.  Disorder. War.  It's just a matter of time before
a dirty bomb goes off in Moscow,  or an EMP fries Chicago.  Diplomacy?  A holding action, Nick. A band-aid.  And you know where I
learned that. Bogota.  You didn't ask. You just
did what had to be done.  I can bring order to the lives
of seven billion people  by sacrificing  million.  It's the next step, Nick.  If you have the courage to take it.  No. I have the courage not to.  Retinal scanner active.  You don't think we've wiped
your clearance from the system?  I know you erased my password.  Probably deleted my retinal scan.  But if you want to stay
ahead of me, Mr Secretary,  you need to keep both eyes open.  Alpha level confirmed.  Encryption code accepted.  Safeguards removed.  Charlie carrier is 
degrees off the port bow.  Six minutes.  Hey, Sam, gonna need a ride.  Roger. Let me know
when you're ready.  I just did!  You know, you're a lot
heavier than you look.  I had a big breakfast.  Steve!  Cap! Cap, come in. Are you okay?  Yeah, I'm here.  I'm still on the helicarrier.  - Where are you?
- I'm grounded.  The suit's down. Sorry, Cap.  Don't worry. I got it.  Emergency evacuation alert.  All personnel, proceed to
designated safety zones.  All S.H.I.E.L.D.
agents regroup at Rally Point Delta.  Sir, the Council's been breached.  - Repeat, Dispatch.
- Black Widow's up there.  Headed up.  - Falcon?
- Yeah.  Rumlow's headed for the Council.  I'm on it.  People are gonna die, Buck.  I can't let that happen.  Please don't make me do this.  Done.  And it's trending.  Unless you want a two-inch
hole in your sternum,  I'd put that gun down.  That was armed the
moment you pinned it on.  Ahhh!  Drop it!  Drop it!  I'm on , headed toward
the southwest stairwell.  This is gonna hurt.  There are no prisoners
with HYDRA. Just order.  And order only comes through pain.  - You ready for yours?
- Man, shut the hell up.  Lieutenant, how much longer?   seconds to satellite link.  Targeting grid engaged.
Lowering weapons array now.  One minute.   seconds, Cap.  Stand by.  Charlie...  We've reached , feet.  Sat link coming online now.  Deploy algorithm.  Algorithm deployed.  We are go to target.  Target saturation reached.  All targets assigned.  Fire when ready.  Firing in...  Three,  two...  One.  Charlie lock.  Where are the targets?  Where are the targets?  Okay, Cap, get out of there.  Fire now.  - But, Steve...
- Do it!  Do it now!  What a waste.  So, you still on the
fence about Rogers' chances?  Time to go, Councilwoman.
This way. Come on.  You're going to fly me out of here.  You know, there was a time I
would've taken a bullet for you.  You already did.  You will again, when it's useful.  Romanoff.  Natasha.  Natasha! Come on!  Ow.  Those really do sting.  Hail HYDRA.  You're out of your depth, kid.  Son of a bitch!  Please tell me you got
that chopper in the air!  Sam, where are you?   st floor! Northwest corner!  We're on it! Stay where you are!  Not an option!  st floor! st!  It's not like they put the floor numbers
on the outside of the building.  Hill! Where's Steve? You
got a location on Rogers?  You know me.  No, I don't!  Bucky.  You've known me your whole life.  Your name is James Buchanan Barnes.  Shut up!  I'm not gonna fight you.  You're my friend.  You're my mission.  You're my mission!  Then finish it.  Because I'm with you to
the end of the line.  On your left.  Do you solemnly swear
to tell the truth, the whole truth,  and nothing but the truth?  I do.  Why haven't
we yet heard from Captain Rogers?  I don't know what there
is left for him to say.  I think the wreck in the
middle of the Potomac  made his point fairly eloquently.  Well, he could explain how  this country is expected to
maintain its national security  now that he and you have laid waste
to our intelligence apparatus.  HYDRA was selling you
lies, not intelligence.  Many of which you seemed to have
had a personal hand in telling.  Agent, you should know  that there are some
on this committee  who feel, given your
service record,  both for this country
and against it,  that you belong in a penitentiary.  Not mouthing off on Capitol Hill.  You're not going to
put me in a prison.  You're not going to put any of
us in a prison. You know why?  Do enlighten us.  Because you need us.  Yes, the world is a
vulnerable place,  and yes, we help make it that way.  But we're also the ones best
qualified to defend it.  So, if you want to
arrest me, arrest me.  You'll know where to find me.  So, you've experienced
this sort of thing before.  You get used to it.  We've been data
mining HYDRA'S files.  Looks like a lot of rats
didn't go down with the ship.  I'm headed to Europe tonight.  Wanted to ask if you'd come.  There's something I
got to do first.  How about you, Wilson? Could
use a man with your abilities.  I'm more of a soldier than a spy.  All right, then.  Anybody asks for me, tell them
they can find me, right here.  You should be honoured. That's
about as close as he gets  to saying thank you.  Not going with him?  No.  - Not staying here.
- Nah.  I blew all my covers. I got
to go figure out a new one.  That might take a while.  I'm counting on it.  That thing you asked for,  I called in a few
favours from Kiev.  Will you do me a favour?
Call that nurse.  She's not a nurse.  And you're not a
S.H.I.E.L.D. agent.  - What was her name again?
- Sharon.  She's nice.  Be careful, Steve.  You might not want to
pull on that thread.  You're going after him.  You don't have to come with me.  I know.  When do we start?  It's over. Fury has released
everything to the public.  Everything he knows about.  Herr Strucker, if they get
word of our work here,  if they find out we serve HYDRA...  HYDRA, S.H.I.E.L.D.  Two sides of a coin that's
no longer currency.  What we have  is worth more than any
of them ever knew.  We've only scratched the
surface and already,  there are other facilities doing
HYDRA'S good work around the world.  We'll feed them to Captain America
and his colourful friends,  and keep them off our scent.  What about the volunteers?  The dead will be buried so deep  their own ghosts won't
be able to find them.  And the survivors?  The twins.  Sooner or later,
they will meet the twins.  It's not a world of spies any more.  Not even a world of heroes.  This is the age of
miracles, Doctor.  There's nothing more horrifying  than a miracle.  
Stark.  He doesn't seem happy.  Hello Hank.  You're supposed to be in Moscow.  I took a detour  through your defense lab.  Tell me that isn't
what I think it is.  It depends if you think it's a
poor attempt to replicate my work.  Even for this group,
that takes nerve.  You were instructed to go to Russia.
May I remind you, Dr. Pym, that  you're a soldier-  I'm a scientist.  Then act like one.  The Pym Particle is the most
revolutionary science ever developed  help us put it to good use.  First you trim me to your errand boy  and now you try to steal my research?  If only you'd protected Janet
with such ferocity, Dr. Pym.  Ah.  Easy, Hank.  You mention my wife again
and I'll show you ferocity.  Don't look at me,
you said it.  I formally tender my resignation.  We don't accept it. Formally.  Hank,  we need you.  The Pym Particle is a miracle. Please,  don't let your past
determine the future.  As long as I am alive,  nobody will ever get that formula.  We shouldn't let him
leave the building.  You've already lied to him,
now you want to go to war with him?  Yes.  Our scientists haven't come
close to replicating his work.  He just kicked your ass full size.  You really want to find out what it's
like when you can't see him coming?  I've known Hank Pym for a
long time, he's no security risk.  Unless we make him one.  You like that?
You like that?  Come get you some!  You didn't even move.  Nah.  I mean, what if I come in on
the left side, right...  just out here and see this one and-  I'm gonna miss you, Scott.  I'm gonna miss you too, Peachy.  Man, you guys got the weirdest goodbye rituals.  All right, break it up.  Scotty!  What's up, man!  - Damn!
- Hey!  Hey, man.  Hey what's up with your eye?  Oh, well, what do you think. Peachy.
His going-away present.  Oh, yeah, I still got my scar
from a year ago.  - Oh yeah.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.  You know what?  I'm still the
only one to knock him out.  Well, I definitely didn't.  Thanks for picking me up, brother.  Oh, now, you think I'm gonna
miss my cellmate getting out?  Hey, how's your girl man?  Oh, she left me.  Oh.  Yeah, my mom died too.  And my dad got deported.  But I got the van!  - It's nice!
- Yeah, right?  Thanks for the hook-up too.
I needed a place to stay.  You wait 'til you see this [?],
you're gonna be really happy.  You're gonna be on your
feet in no time, watch.  - I hope so.
- Yeah.  And I gotta introduce you to some people,
some really skilled people.  Not interested.  - Yeah right!
- No I'm serious man.  I'm not going back.  I got a daughter to take care of.  You know that jobs don't come
easy for ex-cons right?  Look man, I got a masters in electrical
engineering, alright?  I'm gonna be fine.  Welcome to Baskin Robbins.  Would you like to try our Mango Fruit Blast?  Uh, no thanks.  Um, I will have...  I'll have a burger please.  Oh, we don't...we don't make that.  Pretzel.  Hot pretzel, like,
mustard...in mustard dip?  It's ice cream.  Baskin Robbins.  I'll just do with whatever's hot & fresh.  Dude.  Can I see you in the back chief?
Pronto.  Sure thing Dale.  Darby, could you just, uh...take care
of this idiot?  Thanks.  Hey Dale.  Come on in.  Pull up some chair.  Three years in San Quentin, huh.  You found out.  Baskin Robbins always finds out.  Look, I'm sorry, alright, but I...
no one would hire me.  Breaking and entering.
Grand larceny.  Look, I'm, I'm sorry, I, y'know, it was...  ...I, I don't do it anymore,
I just try to...  Respect.  - I couldn't be happier about it.
- Really?  Yeah, yeah.  Oh, thank you, thank you.  You really stuck it to those
billionaire S.O.B.s...  ...and the more I read about what
you did and stuff, I'm like...  "Wow, I know this guy?
I'm in charge of this guy?"  Yeesh!  Well, I'm very happy in this job, and I'm...  - I really just appreciate the opportunities and...
- Yeah, yeah...  Well, you're fired of course.  I can't really keep you on.  Wait, what?  Fired?  Yeah.  Dale, look, it wasn't a violent crime,
I mean, I'm a good worker.  No, it wasn't a violent crime.
It was a cool crime.  I'll tell you what, though, this'd be totally
off the books, off the records, but uh...  If you want to grab you one of those
Mango Fruit Blasts on your way out the door,  I'll just pretend I didn't see it.  Hey Scotty what's up?  I thought you were supposed to be at work?  I was.  I got fired.  Damn!  They find out who you are?  Yeah.  Baskin Robbins always finds out, bro.  Baskin Robbins don't play.  You want some waffles?  Yeah, I'll take a waffle.  Oh.  That's Kurt.  He was in Folsom for 
five years, he's a wizard on that laptop.  Nice meet you.  Yeah, nice to meet you too.  And who are you?  Dave.  Nice work on the Vista job.  Vista job?  Yes.  No, no,
I have heard of this robbery.  Well, technically, I didn't rob them.
Robbery involves threat.  I hate violence, I burgled them.
I'm a cat burglar.  You mean you're a pussy?  Yeah.  They were overcharging the customers, right?  And it added up to millions.  He blows
the whistle and he gets fired.  And what does he do?  He hacks
into the security system,  and transfers millions back to the people
that they stole it from.  Posts all the bank records online.  And he drove dude's Bentley into a swimming pool.  What are you doing?  - Hmm?
- Oh...I...  Why are you telling my life's
story to these guys?  What do you want?  Okay.  My cousin talked to this guy two weeks ago  about this little, perfect job.  No way.  No no no wait!  This guy,
this guy fits your M.O.  No!  I'm finished man. I'm not
going back to jail.  It's some retired millionaire living
off his golden parachute,  It's a perfect Scott Lang mark.  I don't care. I'm out.  Dr. Pym?  Yes. I'm still alive.  I.D.  Perhaps that will suffice.  Very sorry sir, please come in.  Is that Hank Pym?  Good morning, Hank.  Hope.  Would it kill you to call me dad?  Well, Dr. Cross will be so please that
you could find time to join us today.  More like, thrilled.  And I'm surprised to receive any
kind of invitation from you, Darren.  What's the occasion?  Oh, you'll see.  Won't he Hope?  We're ready for you inside.  Ouch!  I guess some old wounds never heal, huh?  Don't worry, she's in good hands.  You're in for a treat.  Long time no see, Dr. Pym.
How's retirement?  How's your face?  After you.  Now before we start I'd like to
introduce a very special guest,  this company's founder and my mentor,  Dr. Hank Pym.  When I took over this company for Dr. Pym,  I immediately started researching a particle
that could change the distance between atoms  while increasing density and strength.  Why this revolutionary idea remained buried beneath the
dust and cobwebs of Hank's research, I couldn't tell you.  But just imagine.  A soldier the size of an insect.  The ultimate secret weapon.  An "Ant-Man".
Heh heh.  That's what they called you.  Right, Hank?  Silly, I know.  Propaganda.  Tales to astonish!  Trumped up B.S. to scare the U.S.S.R.  Hank, will you tell our guests what you
told me every single time I asked you,  Was the Ant-Man real?  Just a tall tale.  Right.  Because how could anything so
miraculous possibly be real?  Well I was inspired by the legend of the Ant-Man.  And with my breakthrough,
shrinking inorganic material,  I thought, could it be possible to shrink a person?  Could that be done?  Well,  it's not a legend anymore.  Distinguished guests, I am proud to present
the end of warfare as we know it:  the Yellowjacket.  The Yellowjacket is an all-purpose
weapon of war  capable of altering the size of the wearer
for the ultimate combat advantage.  We live in an era in which the weapons
we use to protect ourselves  are undermined by constant surveillance.  It's time to return to a simpler age.  Only when the powers of freedom can once
again operate openly to protect their interests,  an all-purpose peace-keeping vessel, the Yellowjacket  can manage any conflict on the Geo-political landscape,  completely unseen.  Efficient in both preventative
measures and tactical assault,  practical applications include surveillance,  industrial sabotage,  and the elimination of obstructions
on the road to peace.  A single Yellowjacket offers the user unlimited
influence to carry out protective actions  and one day soon, an army of Yellowjackets
will create a sustainable environment  of well-being around the world.  The Yellowjacket.  So it's a suit.  Don't be crude, Frank.  It's not a suit, it's a...  it's a vessel.  What's a matter, you're not impressed?  Oh, I'm impressed.  I'm also concerned.  Imagine what our enemies could do with this tech.  We should have a longer conversation about
that, Frank.  I really value your opinion.  Thank you for coming. Hope?  Thank you very much everybody.
I will escort you out now.  Thank you.  You seem a bit shocked.  Darren,  there's a reason that I buried these secrets.  So you finally admit it.  We could've done this together, Hank.  But you ruined it.  - That's why you're the past and I'm the future.
- Don't do this.  Dr. Cross.  You sell to me first, twenty
percent of your asking price,  I can have the cash here in two weeks.  Deal.  We have to make our move, Hank.  How close is he?  He still can't shrink a live subject.  Just give me the suit, let me
finish this once and for all.  No.  I have Cross's complete trust.  It's too dangerous.  We don't have a choice.  Well, that's not entirely true.  I think I found a guy.  Who?  Daddy!  Peanut!  Oh! Happy birthday!  I'm so sorry I'm late, I didn't know
what time your party started.  It was on the invitation!  He didn't get an invitation!  But he came anyway.  Well, I'm not going to miss my
little girl's birthday party.  - I'm gonna go tell mommy you're here.
- Oh, you don't...  What are you doing here, Lang?  You haven't paid a dime in child support.  You know, right now if I wanted to,
I could arrest you.  Good to see you too, Paxton.  Mommy's so happy you're here,
she choked on her drink.  Ha ha.  Hey, look what I have for you.  Can I open it now?  Of course sweetheart, it's your birthday.  You're my bestest friend!  What is that thing?  He's so ugly!  I love him!  Can I go show my friends?  Yeah, of course sweetheart, go ahead.  You're my bestest friend!  Look, the child support is coming.  All right, it's just hard finding a job
when you have a record.  I'm sure you'll figure it out, but y'know,
I want you out of my house.  - No, wait, it's my daughter's birthday!
- It's my house!  - So what, it's my kid!
- Relax!  You can't just show up here.  You know that, c'mon.  It's a birthday party.  Yeah, I know, but you
can't just show up.  - She's my daughter.
- You don't know the first thing about being a father.  Maggie, I tell you this as a friend,
and as the first love of my life,  your fiance is an ass-hat.  He's not an ass-hat.  Hey, watch your language, okay!  Oh, what language.
I said hat.  Really, Maggie?
That guy?  Come on, you could marry anyone you want,
you have to get engaged to a cop?  At least he's not a crook.  I'm trying, okay?  I've changed, uh...  I'm straight, I had a job, and...  I want to provide.  I've had a lot of time
to think about it, and I love her.  So much.  I've missed so much time and
I want to be a part of her life.  What do I do?  Get an apartment.  Get a job, pay child support.  And then we will talk about
visitation, I promise.  You're her hero, Scott.  Just, be the person that she
already thinks you are.  (musical horn)  I'm sorry you have such deep concerns
about the Yellowjacket, Frank.  Yeah, well uh, unfortunately  we can't just do whatever we want.  Would be nice though, right?
Heh heh heh.  But there are laws.  What laws? Of man?  The laws of nature transcend
the laws of man.  And I've transcended
the laws of nature.  Darren, I don't think you understand-  We still haven't worked out all the bugs.  Goodbye Frank.  You know I've been thinking a lot
about gratitude lately  and today during my morning meditation, an
interesting thought occurred to me and  I think it might apply to you too.  How's that?  Gratitude can be forgiveness.  I spent years carrying around my
anger for Hank Pym.  I devoted my genius to him.  I could've worked anywhere.  I chose my mentor poorly.  You didn't even have a choice.  He never believed in you.  It's a shame what we had to do,
but he forced us to do it, didn't he?  But we shouldn't be angry,
we should be grateful.  Because his failures as a mentor,  as a father,  forced us to spread our wings.  You're a success, Darren.  You deserve everything coming your way.  Ooh!  Stop cheating.  Hey what's up hotshot?  Maybe he didn't hear you.  How was the party?  Tell me about that tip.  Wha?  I wanna know about that tip.  - Oh baby, it's on!
- Hot dog!  It's so on right now!  Calm down, all right, I just need
to know where it came from,  it's gotta be airtight.  Okay.  I was at a wine tasting with my cousin Ernesto  it was mainly reds, and you know
I don't love reds man, y'know, but  there was a rosé that saved the
day, it was delightful.  And, he tells me about this girl
Emily that we used to kick it with,  it was actually the first pair of
boobs that I ever touched.  It's the wrong details.  It's wro-
Has nothing to do with the story.  Go.  So, uh.  He tells me that:  She's working as a housekeeper now, right?  And she's dating this dude Carlos who's
a shot caller from across the bay and  she tells him about the dude that
she's cleaning for. Right?  That he's, like, this big-shot CEO that
is all retired now but he's loaded.  And so, Carlos and Ernesto are
on the same softball team  and the get to talking, right.  And here comes the good part.  Carlos says:  Yo, man. This guy's got a big-ass safe
just sitting in the basement.  Just chillin'.  Of course Ernesto comes to me 'cause
he knows I've got mad thieving skills.  Of course I ask him:  Did Emily tell Carlos to tell you
to get to me what kind of safe it was?  And he says  Naw, dog. All she said is that
it's, like, super legit, and  whatever's in it has gotta be good!  What?  Old man have safe.  And he's gone for a week.  All right.  There's an old man, he's got
a safe, and he's gone for a week.  Let's just work with that.  Y'know what I' sayin'.  Landlines cut, cell signals jammed.  No one will be making
for distress call tonight.  All check.  - Check.
- Check.  If the job goes bad, you know
I got your back, right?  Don't worry, it's not gonna happen.  I love it when he gets cocky.  Damn!  Alarm is dead.  Nice!  All right, I'm moving through the house.  There's a fingerprint lock on the door.  He's got a what?  Ernesto didn't tell me nothing about that.  Aw, man, are we screwed?  Not necessarily.  I'm in.  No alarms have been triggered.
He's in like the Flynn.  Oh, man.  What is it?  Well they weren't kidding.
This safe is serious.  How serious we talkin', Scotty?  It's a Carbondale.  It's from .  Made from the same steel
as the Titanic.  Wow.  Can you crack it?  Well, here's the thing.  It doesn't do so well in the cold.  Remember what that iceberg did?  Yeah, man, it killed DiCaprio.  Killed everybody.  Man, not kill the old lady.  She still throw the jewel into the oceans.  What're you doing?  I poured water in the locking mechanism
and froze it with nitrogen.  Ice expands, metal doesn't.  What are you doing now?  Waiting.  Waiting.  Nice.  What is it, cash? Jewels?  There's nothing here.  What'd you say?  It's a suit.  What?  It's an old motorcycle suit.  There's no cash, no jewelry, nothing?  No.  It's a bust.  I'm really sorry, Scotty.  I know you needed a score.  I thought we were using mice?  What's the difference?  Commence experiment -C,  organic atomic reduction.  Darren, maybe we should think-  Shrinking organic tissue is the
centerpiece of this technology.  I can't go to the buyers
with half a breakthrough.  Experiment -C results...  negative.  Sanitize the workstation,
bring in subject -C.  Why would you lock this up?  So weird.  Scott, what's up man?  I wonder...what is this?  The world sure seems different
from down here, doesn't it, Scott?  What? Who...who said that?  Luis! Luis, I'm here!  It's a trial by fire, Scott.  Or in this case,  water.  Guess you're tougher than you thought.  Oh, I don't want to see this.  Luis!  Son of a-!  What the hell?  Not bad for a test drive.  Keep the suit,
I'll be in touch.  No, no. No.  No thank you.  Put it down on the ground!  You are under arrest!  No, I didn't steal anything!  I was returning
something I stole.  You know, you almost had us convinced
that you were going to change your ways.  They were really rooting for you.  It's gonna break their hearts.  You got a visitor.  Who?  Your lawyer.  My lawyer?  I told you I'd be in touch, Scott.  I'm starting to think that you
prefer the inside of a jail cell.  Oh man.  Sit down.  Sir, I'm sorry I stole the suit.  I don't even want to
know why you have it.  Maggie was right about you.  How do you know about-  The way she's trying to keep
you away from Cassie.  The moment things get hard,
you turn right back to crime.  The way I see it, you have a choice.  You can either spend the
rest of your life in prison  or go back to your cell
and await further instructions.  I don't understand.  I don't expect you to.  But you don't have many options right now.  Quite frankly, neither do I.  Why do you think I let you steal
that suit in the first place?  What?  Second chances don't come
around all that much.  So next time you think you might see one  I suggest you take a real close look at it.  You are my bestest friend!  Are you sure you don't
want a different toy?  No, I love this one.  Okay.  Well, get some sleep then.  - Mommy.
- Hm?  Is daddy a bad man?  I heard some grown ups say he's bad.  No.  Daddy just gets confused
sometimes, you know?  Smart choice.
You actually listened for once.  Under the door.  Okay. Where to now?  Hang tight.  What? What?!  Where the hell did he go?  I have no idea, he just vanished.  Set up a five block perimeter, now!  Get back, get back, get back!  Scott. These are my associates.  Huh? You got a camera on an ant?  Yeah, sure, why not?  Where's the car?  No car, we've got wings.  Incoming!  Put your foot on the
central node and not the thorax.  Are you ki- How safe's Th-  Get on the damn ant, Scott.  Why am I on a police car?  Shouldn't I not be on a police car?  So they can give you a lift
past their five block perimeter.  Whoa. All right.  Now, what's the next move?  Hang on tight.  Oh, this is easy.
I'm getting the hang of this.  Yank up to go up.
It's like a horse.  You're throwing  off balance.  - Wait, his name is ?
- He doesn't have a name,  he has a number Scott, do you have  any idea how many ants there are?  Whoa!  Please...maybe it's ?  No no no no no
vertigo, vertigo!  No, I think it's .  - Wait.
- Hang on.  I think I'm getting the hang of this.  I'm controlling .
He is not listening to you.  What?  Can I make one little request?  No.  Stop New York City, time out, time out.  Time out.  All right, hold on.  Just, wait, whoa, uh!  What happens if I
throw up in this helmet?  It's my helmet Scott.
Do not throw up.  Just set 'er down, all right?  I'm getting light headed.  Hang on, Scott.  Yeah, I'm getting a little light...  -t's, it's funny...  ...hit me, andfarness-  Hello.  Who are you?  Have you been standing there
watching me sleep this whole time?  Yes.  Why?  Because the last time you were
here you stole something.  Oh. Oh!  Hey, look.  Whoa!  Paraponera clavata.  Giant tropical bullet ants ranked
highest on the Schmidt pain index,  they're here to keep an eye
on you when I can't.  Dr. Pym's waiting for you downstairs.  Who?  Ahhh...hey, um,  whose pajamas are these?  How am I supposed to do this?  Hey, j- just one step at a time.  Ugh.  You don't bite me,
I don't step on you, deal?  Take down the servers and
Cross wouldn't even know.  We don't need this guy.  I assume that you've already
met my daughter Hope.  I did.  She's great.  She doesn't think that we need you.  We don't. We can do this ourselves.  I go to all this effort to let you
steal my suit, and then Hope  has you arrested.  Okay, we can try this and
when he fails I'll do it myself.  She's a little bit anxious.
It has to do with this job,  which, judging by the fact that
you're sitting opposite me,  I take it that you're interested in.  What job?  Would you like some tea?  Uh, sure.  I was very impressed with how you
managed to get past my security system.  Freezing that metal was particularly clever.  Were you watching me?  Scott, I've been watching you for a while,  ever since you robbed Vista Corp.  Oh, excuse me, burgled Vista Corp.  Vista's security system is one of the most
advanced in the business.  It's supposed to be unbeatable
but you beat it.  Would you like some sugar?  Yeah, thanks.  You know what, I'm okay.  How do you make them do that?  Ants can lift objects
fifty times their weight.  They build, farm, they
cooperate with each other.  Right. But how do you
make them do that?  I use electromagnetic waves, to
stimulate their olfactory nerve center.  I speak to them.  I can go anywhere, hear
anything, and see everything.  And still know absolutely nothing.  I'm late to meet Cross.  Uh...Dr. Pym?  You don't need to raise your hand, Scott.  Sorry, I just have one question.  Who are you who is she what the hell's
going on and can I go back to jail now?  Come with me.  Twenty years ago I created a formula
that altered atomic relative distance.  Huh?  I learned how to change the distance
between atoms, that's what powers the suit,  that's why it works.  Wow!  - Whoa.
- It was dangerous.  It was too dangerous.  So I hid it from the world.  And that's when I switched gears
and I started my own company.  Pym Tech.  Yes.  I took on a young protege
called Darren Cross.  Darren Cross.
He's a big deal.  But before he was a big deal
he was my assistant.  I thought I saw something in him,
a son I never had perhaps.  He was brilliant, but as we became
close he began to suspect  that I wasn't telling him everything.  He heard rumors about what
was called the Pym Particles,  and he became obsessed with
recreating my formula.  But I wouldn't help him so he
conspired against me and  he voted me out of my own company.  How could he do that?  The board's chairman
is my daughter, Hope.  She was the deciding vote.  But she came back to me when she saw
how close Cross was to cracking my formula.  The process is highly volatile.  What isn't protected by a specialized helmet  can affect the brain's chemistry.  I don't think Darren realizes this, and y'know,
he's not the most stable guy to begin with.  So, what do you want from me?  Scott, I believe that everyone
deserves a shot at redemption.  Do you?  I do.  If you can help me, I promise I can
help you be with your daughter again.  Now are you ready to redeem yourself?  Absolutely.  My days of breaking into places
and stealing shit are done.  What do you want me to do?  I want you to break into a
place and steal some shit.  You going to be home for dinner tonight?  Uh, yeah.
I'll pick something up, okay?  Okay.  Good news?  Uh, I don't know.
It's news.  Are you trying to find my daddy?  Yeah, I am, sweetheart.  I just want your
daddy to be safe.  Hope you don't catch him.  This isn't the first time these guys
have tried to get their hands  on game changing weaponry.  That's Mitchell Carson,
ex-head of defense at SHIELD,  presently in the business
of toppling governments.  He always wanted my tech.  And now, unless we break in
and steal the Yellowjacket  and destroy all the data,  Darren Cross is gonna unleash
chaos upon the world.  I think our first move should
be calling the Avengers.  I've spent half my life trying to keep this
technology out of the hands of a Stark.  I'm sure as hell not going to
hand-deliver it to one now.  This is not some cute technology
like the Iron Man suit.  This could change the texture of reality.  Besides they're probably too busy
dropping cities out of the sky.  Okay, then why don't you just send the ants?  Scott, they are ants.  Ants, they can do a lot of things,
but they still need a leader.  Somebody that can infiltrate a place
that's designed to prevent infiltration.  Hank, I'm a thief.
All right, I'm a good thief.  But this is insane.  He's right Hank and you know it.  You've seen the footage,
you know what Cross is capable of.  I was against using him when we had
months, now we have days.  I'm wearing the suit.  Absolutely not!  I know the facility inside and out.
I know how Cross thinks.  I know this mission better
than anybody here.  We need you close to Cross
otherwise this mission cannot work.  - We don't have time to screw around.
- Hope, please, this is an [?].  He is a criminal.
I'm your daughter.  NO!  She's right, Hank.  I'm not your guy.  Why don't you wear the suit?  You think I don't want to?  I can't.  I spent years wearing it.  It took a toll on me.  You're our only option.  Before Hope lost her mother,
she used to look at me like  I was the greatest man in the world.  And now she looks at me
and it's just disappointment.  It's too late for me.  But not for you.  This is your chance.  The chance to earn that look
in your daughter's eyes.  To become the hero that she
already thinks you are.  It's not about saving our world.  It's about saving theirs.  Damn, that was a good speech.  Scott.  I need you
to be the Ant-Man.  In the right hands, the relationship
between man and suit is symbiotic.  The suit has power, the man
harnesses that power.  You need to be skillful,
agile, and above all,  you need to be fast.  You should be able to shrink
and grow on a dime, so  your size always suits your needs.  Now dive through the keyhole, Scott.  You charge big,
you dive small,  then you emerge big.  Ow!  Ah!  Ow.  Useless.  When you're small energy is compressed  so you have the force of a  pound man  behind a fist a th of an inch wide  you're like a bullet.  You punch too hard,
you kill someone,  too soft, it's a love-tap.  In other words you have
to know how to punch.  I was in prison for three years,
I know how to punch.  Show me.  - Terrible.
- You want to show me how to punch?  Show me-  That's how you punch.  - She's been looking forward to this.
- No kiddin'.  Hope trained in martial arts
at a, uh, difficult time.  Oh, by difficult time, he
means when my mother died.  We lost her in a plane crash.  It's bad enough you won't tell me how she died,
could you please stop telling me that lie.  We're working here.  All right princess,
let's get back to work.  Were you going for the hand?  You know, I think this regulator
is holding me back.  Do not screw with the regulator.  If that regulator is compromised
you would go sub-atomic.  What does that mean?  It means that you would
enter a quantum realm.  What does that mean?  It means that you would enter a reality
where all concepts of time and space  become irrelevant as you
shrink for all eternity.  Everything that you know,  and love,  gone forever.  Cool. Yeah. I'm-
If it ain't broke.  You've learned about the suit, but you've
yet to learn about your greatest allies  the ants.  Loyal, brave, and
your partners on this job.  Paratrechina longicornis,
commonly known as crazy ants,  they're lightning fast and can conduct
electricity which makes them useful  to fry out enemy electronics.  Oh you're not so crazy.  Hey!  Heh heh heh  You're cute.  Oh! Aaah!  That was a lot scarier
a second ago.  Aaah!  It looks like the Futures lab has
its own isolated power supply.  There's a security guard posted
around the clock, we need you  to take him out to deactivate
the security systems.  Okay.  Who's next?  Paraponera clavata.  I know. Bullet ants, right?  Number one on the Schmidt pain index.  Hey guys!  Remember me from the bedroom?  Whoa!  The Yellowjacket pod is hermetically sealed  and the only access point is a tube
we estimate to be about  millimeters in diameter.  Why do I have a sick feeling in my stomach?  The tube is protected by a laser grid
and we can only power that down  for fifteen seconds.  You're going to need to signal the crazy ants
to blow the servers, retrieve the suit,  and exit the vaults, before the backup power comes on.  Camponotus pennsylvanicus.  Alternatively known as a carpenter ant.  Ideal for ground and air transport.  Wait a minute, I know this guy.  I'm going to call him Antony.  That's good, that's, that's very good  because this time  you're really going to have
to learn how to control him.  Tell them to put the sugar in the teacup.  Oh, you okay Dr.-  Ah!  Ah!!  Hank wants you outside
for target practice.  The suit has no weapons
so I made you these discs.  Red shrinks.  Blue enlarges.  Solenopsis mandibularis.  Known for their bite, the fire ants
have evolved into remarkable architects.  They are handy to get you
in and out of difficult places.  You can do it Scott, come on.  They're not listening to me.  You have to commit,
you have to mean it.  No shortcuts, no lies.  Throwing insults into the mix will not
do anyone any good, Hope.  We don't have time for coddling.  Our focus should be on helping Scott.  Really?  Is that where our focus should be?  Hope!  I don't know why I came
to you in the first place.  We can't do this without her.  Oh God.  You gotta lock your doors.  I mean, really.  There's some weird folks
in this neighborhood.  Do you think this is a joke?  Do you have any idea what
he's asking you to risk?  - You have a daughter.
- I'm doing this for her.  You know when my mother died
I didn't see him for two weeks?  He was in grief.  Yeah, so was I, and I was seven.  And he never came back, not
in any way that counted.  He just sent me off to boarding school.  You know, I thought,  with all that's at stake,
just maybe we might  have a chance at making peace.  But even now he still
wants to shut me out.  He doesn't want to shut you out.  - He trusts you.
- Then why are you here?  It proves that he loves you.  Hope. Look at me.  I'm expendable.  That's why I'm here.  You must've realized that by now.  I mean, that's why I'm
in the suit and you're not.  He'd rather lose than fight
than lose you.  Anyway.  You know, I didn't know you had a
daughter when I called the cops on you.  What's her name?  Cassie.  It's a pretty name.  You have to clear your mind, Scott.  You have to make your thoughts precise,
that's how it works.  Think about Cassie,  about how badly you want to see her,
and use that to focus.  Open your eyes and just think
about what you want the ants to do.  Good.  Your mother convinced me to let
her join me on my missions.  They called her the Wasp.  She was born to it.  And there's not a day that goes by
that I don't regret having said yes.  It was .  Separatists had hijacked a
Soviet missile silo in Kursk  and launched an ICBM at the United States.  The only way to the internal mechanics  was through solid titanium.  I knew I had to shrink between the
molecules to disarm the missile,  but my regulator had sustained
too much damage.  Your mother, she didn't hesitate.  Janet! No!  She turned off her regulator  and went sub-atomic  to deactivate the bomb.  She was gone.  Your mom died a hero.  And I spent the next ten years
trying to learn all I could  about the quantum realm.  You were trying to bring her back.  But all I learned
was we know nothing.  It's not your fault.  She made her choice.  But why didn't you tell me this sooner?  I was trying to protect you.  I lost your mother.  I didn't mean to lose you too.  I'm sorry.  This is awesome.  It's awesome. Y'know.  You guys are breaking down walls,
you're healing.  It's important.  I ruined the moment didn't I.  Yes, you did, yes.  I'm going to make some tea.  Nailed it!  That's a good boy, Antony.  The final phase of your training
will be a stealth incursion.  It's freezing!  You couldn't make a simple flannel lining?  We must retrieve this prototype
of a signal decoy,  it's a device that I invented
from my SHIELD days.  We need it to counteract the transmission blockers
that Cross installed in the Futures vault.  It's currently collecting dust in one of
Howard Stark's old storage facilities  in upstate New York.  Should be a piece of cake.  You're over the target area.  Disengage, now, Scott.  Squadron A, go.  B, go.  C, go.  All right, Antony, please
don't drop me this time.  Ah, it feels like a big leap
from sugar cubes to this.  Stay calm.  Uh, guys, we might
have a problem.  Hank, didn't you say this
was some old warehouse?  It's not!  You son of a bitch!  Scott, get out of there.  Abort! Abort now.  No, it's okay. It doesn't
look like anyone's home.  Antony, get me to the roof.  He's gonna lose the suit.  He's gonna lose his life.  All right I'm on the roof
of the target building.  Somebody's home, Scott.  What's going on down there, Sam?  It's the Falcon!  I had a sensor trip but
I'm not seeing anything.  Wait a second.  Abort Scott, abort now.  It's okay.
He can't see me.  I can see you.  He can see me.  Hi. I'm Scott.  Did he just say "Hi I'm Scott?"  What are you doing here?  First off,  I'm a big fan.  'Preciate it. So who the hell are you?  I'm Ant-Man.  Ant-Man?  What, you haven't heard of me?  Nah, you wouldn't have heard of me.  You want to tell me what you want?  I was hoping I could grab a
piece of technology  just for a few days, and return it.  I need it to save the world.
You know how that is.  I know exactly how that is.  Located the breach.
Bringing him in.  Sorry about this.  What the hell are you doing?  Breach is an adult male who
has some sort of shrinking tech.  Sorry about that, sorry.  That's enough!  Antony, a little help.  I've lost visual.  He's inside my pack.  Sorry.  You seem like a really great guy.  It's really important to me that
Cap never finds out about this.  That was completely irresponsible
and dangerous.  You jeopardized everything.  You got it.  Well done.  Wait a minute.  Did you just compliment me?  He did, didn't he?  Kinda sounded like he did.  I was good, wasn't I?  Hey, how about the fact that I
fought an Avenger, and didn't die?  Now let's not dwell on the past.  We gotta finish our planning.  Don't mind him.  You did good.  Darren!  How the hell'd you get in here?  You left the front door open, Hank.  It's official. You're old.  The plans!  He will kill him.  Well to what do I owe this pleasure?  I have good news.  Really?  What's that?  Pym Tech,  the company you created,  is about to become one of the most
profitable operations in the world.  We're anticipating  billion
in sales tomorrow alone.  You're welcome.  I know this is odd, but
I'd like you to be there.  This is my moment,
I want you to see it.  Sure, Darren. Yeah, sure.  I'll be there.  What did you see in me?  I don't know what you mean.  All those years ago,
you picked me.  What did you see?  I saw myself.  Then why did you push me away?  Because I saw too much of myself.  He knows, he's baiting you.
We have to call it off.  We're all taking risks.  What if he saw me here?  He didn't. There's no way.  How do you know that?  Darren, hi.  Hope.  Where are you right now?  I'm at home, why?  I just saw Hank.  I still get nothing but
contempt from him.  Don't let him rile you up, he's just...
he's a senile old man.  We need to start everyone
working around the clock,  get the assembly line up and running.  And I'm tripling security.  Full sensors at all entrances, and
exterior air vents fitted with steel micro mesh.  Great. Good idea.  Thank you, hope.  I'm so lucky to have you on my team.  He's tripling security, he's lost his mind,  and he's on to you.  But he's not on to you.  He's adding full body scanners to all
entrances and closing exterior vents.  How are we gonna get Scott inside?  The water main.  You can't add security to a water main.  The pressure is too strong, but if
we can decrease it, that's how I get in.  Somebody would have to reach the building's
control center to change the water pressure.  I mean, Hank and I will be beside Cross,
how are we supposed to do that?  So we expand our team.  What do we need?  A fake security guard on the inside
to depressurize the water system,  somebody else to hack into the power supply
and kill the laser grid,  and a getaway guy.  No, no. No, no no.  Not those three wombats. No way.  Thank you for the coffee ma'am.   It's not too often that you rob a place,  and then get welcomed back.  Because we just robbed you!  You know that he was arrested for
stealing a smoothie machine, right?  Two smoothie machines.  Are you sure they can handle this?  Oh we can handle it.
We're professionals.  You'll forgive us if we're
not instilled with confidence.  Wait, everybody, just kick back
and relax a little bit, man,  we know our business.  We broke into this spooky-ass
house, didn't we?  I let you.  Well, one could say
that I let you let me.  Look, it's okay.
They can handle this.  Yeah, we can handle it.  You got their credentials?  He's in the system.  I'm in the system?  The system!  The system?  Yeah. We're doomed.  All right, there's something
you guys need to see.  When you get to this corner, there's
gonna be three offices on your left side.  Damn!  Whoa! That's so cool, bro!  Now look,  this is gonna get weird, all right.
It's pretty freaky but it's safe.  There's no reason to be scared.  Aw, no no daddy don't get scared.  Really?  Yeah.  Good.  Oh!  This is the work of the gypsies.  That's, that's, that's witchcraft.  Oh, that's amazing.  That's like some David Copperfield shit.  - That's some kind of wizardry.
- Sorcery!  How'd you do that bro?  Don't freak out. Look at your shoulder.  Ahh!!  Ahh!!!  I thought daddy didn't get scared?  I gave them each half a Xanax and
Hank explained the science of the suit to them.  Fell right asleep.  Hey, look. I want to thank you for-  No, please don't.  We're all doing this for reasons
much bigger than any one of us.  I'm just glad that you might have a
slight chance of maybe pulling this off.  Hey. Thank you, you know,  for that pep talk.  You know, the honest truth is I actually went
from despising you to almost liking you.  You really should write poetry.  Get some sleep Scott.  All right, just so we're clear, everyone
here knows their role, right?  Dave?  Wheels on the ground.  Kurt?  Eyes in the sky.  Luis?  Aw, man, you know it, you know
what, I get to wear a uniform,  that's what's up.  Luis.  I'm sorry, I mean, I'm good, I'm good,
I'm just excited, and plus  you're girlfriend's really hot, so
you know that makes me nervous too,  and you are very beautiful ma'am.  Oh my lord.  She's not my-  Hey, you know what, I was thinking of
a tactic, like when I go undercover,  like a whistling, y'know I' saying,
to like, blend in.  No. Don't whistle.  No whistling, it's not the
Andy Griffith Show.  No whistling.  All clear sector one.  Step up.  All clear.  We're set.  Wish me luck.  Dude, is online.  (whistling "It's a Small World")  Hey. What are you doing?  Uh, boss-man said to secure the
area, so, I'm securing.  I'm the boss.  Oh!  Utilities work room -  Water level is dropping.  Whoa!  Coming up on extraction pipe.  I see it!  All right, come on, I gotta get up there,  that's it, that's it guys, yeah!  That's it, yeah...  Yes! You got it!  You got it, come on!  All right, let's fly Antony.  The Ant-Man is in the building.  Pym's pulling up, right on time.  Pshhh. Got a Crown Vic right outside a'heah.  This is problem?  Considering the Crown Vic's the most commonly
used car for under-cover cops, man,  yes, this is a problem.  It's Pym.  Oh, no.  I'm employing the bullet ants.  Hapanera-clamda-mana-merna.  I don't remember what it's called
but I feel bad for this guy.  Ow! Ow!!  See, that's what I'm talkin' bout, that's
what I call it, an unfortunate casualty,  in a very serious operation.  Signal decoy in place.  Mean pretty lady did good, Scott.  Looks like Pym's getting arrested.  Scott, we have problem.  Problem? What's the problem?  Dave! Dave, that's not
part of plan!  Listen to me.  If I don't get into this
building people will die.  That's awfully dramatic.  Are you kidding me?  Ha ha ha!  Problem solved.  Well.  How do I look?  There he is.  Just in time.  Come on.  Twelve point verification.  Little over the top,
don't you think Darren?  Confirming authorization.  No you can never be too safe.  Access granted.  I want to hand it to you,
Darren, you really did it.  And you only know
the half of it, Hank.  Arriving at second position.  All right, top speed, Antony.
Let's go.  Proceeding to command position.  I'll be right back Antony.  All right guys,
I'm in position.  I'm going to signal the ants.  No no nooo.  Did you see that?
Ha ha ha, ha ha!  (musical horn)  Assume formation.  All right you cute little crazies,  let's fry these servers.  Let's go get it buddy!  Whoo-haa!  Servers are fried.
Data backup completely erased.  Headed to the particle chamber.  Hello Dr. Cross.  My associates agree to your terms.  Wonderful.  Mr. Carson introduced me to
these fine gentlemen here,  they're representatives of Hydra.  They're not what they were.  They're doing some interesting work.  And I'm enjoying myself.  You tried to hide your technology from me,
and now it's going to blow up in your face.  Wow.  Wow!  I mean, I saw the punch
coming a mile away  but I just figured it'd be
all pathetic and weak.  Well you figured wrong.  I know this van.  Anybody home?  - Shh.
- Shh.  -Shh!
-Shh!!  All right guys I'm here.  Setting the charges.  Great job guys.
I'll take it from here.  Good boy Antony.  Final position.  Guys? How we lookin'
on that laser grid?  - Almost!
- No you're not.  - I'm getting close!
- No you're not.  San Francisco PD!
Man in the van!  I know you're in there!  - Make it go faster.
- Don't. Seriously.  Ready to jump.
Do you read Kurt?  So close.  - Freeze!
- Okay, wait a minute wait a minute,  there was a black guy that looked exactly like me
who attacked us and put us in the back  of this disgusting van.  - Get out.
- Take it easy!  Go! Go now!  - Wait!
- What? What d'you mean wait?  What? What?  Hello guy.  Heh heh heh heh heh.  Oh sh- Gah!  I always suspected you had a
suit stored away somewhere,  which begs the question,
who is the new Ant-Man?  Who is the man that my beloved
mentor trusted even more than me?  Scott Lang.  The martyr.  He took on the system
and paid the price,  losing his family and his only
daughter in the process,  exactly your kind of guy, Hank.  He escapes his jail cell without
leaving any clue as to how,  and then,  he disappears magically,  despite having no money to his name,
and now he brings me the Ant-Man suit,  the only thing that can rival my creation.  Darren, don't do this.  If you sell to these men,
it's going to be chaos.  I already have, and for twice
the price, thanks to you.  It's not easy to successfully
infiltrate an Avengers facility.  Thankfully, word travels fast.  Oh I'll sell them the Yellowjacket but
I'm keeping the particle to myself.  They don't run on diesel.  If you want the fuel you'll
have to come to me.  What do you call the only man who can arm
the most powerful weapon in the world?  The most powerful man in the world.  You proud of me yet?  You can stop this, Darren.
It's not too late.  It's been too late for
a long time now.  Darren.  What are you doing?  He wasn't any more capable of
caring for you than he was for me.  This is not who you are. It's the
particles altering your brain chemistry.  Wait, wait wait wait wait wait wait.  You're right.  I have to be the one to do it.  Here we go.  Drop. Your. Gun.  You know I came to the house
the other night to kill him  but you were there.  You're sick and I can help you
just put the gun down.  I wasn't ready to kill you then.  But I think I am now.  Drop your gun now!  You picked the wrong side, Hope.  Dad!  Hank. No, no. Hank.  Hank. Listen, you're gonna be okay.  All right, you're gonna be just fine.  Take the suit off or I'll blow
your brains out and peel it off.  We got a - at Pym Tech,
request immediate backup.  Go, go, go.  Get me to the roof
and radio ahead.  I want to make sure the
helicopter's ready to take off.  You two, kill anything that
comes out of that vault.  Dad,  can you move?  Yes.  We need to get him out of here.  Go. Get. That suit.  Hey Scotty.  Hey did I save your life?  Scotty?  Scotty?  Thank you Luis.  Hey are we the good guys?  - Yeah.
- We're the good guys right?  Yeah, we're the good guys.  Feels kinda, kinda weird, y'know.  Yeah. But we're not done yet.  Get outta here before
this place blows.  Oh, dammit!  That guy.  Hey! We're getting out of here.  The charges are set. We've got
to find a way out of here and fast.  Don't worry.  I'm not going to die.  And neither are you.  It's not a keychain.  All the chaos in hand.  Multiple shots fired.  And there's a tank.  A little help.  I got him.  We need a doctor.  (musical horn)  Let's go!  Antony!  Go!  You're going to regret that.  Wait a minute.
Get out of that van.  - What?
- Get out of that van.  Too loud there's a tank
I can't hear you.  Hey! Hey!  Are you crazy?
Put the gun down!  The window!  Did you think you could
stop the future with a heist?  It was never just a heist.  Put the gun down.  I got him, I got him,
there he is, go go go go  Got to set her down somewhere.  I'm gonna disintegrate you!  Playing "Disintegration" by The Cure.  Call !  It's okay.  Police! Put your hands up.  Get 'em up.  Scott?  Paxton.  You have to listen to me-  Paxton. Turn around, take me back.  I am taking you back. To prison.  There's something in that backyard
that needs to be destroyed.  In the bug zapper, it-  You need to desist right now!  Your delusions are out of hand!  All units we have a 
in progress at  Winter Street.  It's Cassie!  Don't be scared.  Paxton let me help.  - Don't move.
- Let me help!  Maggie, what's going on?  - He's got Cassie!
- Who's got Cassie?  That thing, that thing, I don't know what it...!  Are you a monster?  Do I look like a monster?  I want my daddy.  I want your daddy too.  Aaaaah!  There you are.  Daddy, is that you?  Hi Peanut.  Why don't you pick on
someone your own size?  Now where'd you go, little guy?  There you are.  Ha ha ha ha.  Not just me.  Get him!  Go! Go!  Scotty needs us, y'know I' sayin'.  Ain't nothin' gonna stop us.  - Back it up. Back it up slow.
- Yeah.  - Back it up.
- Yep, yep.  - Back it up.
- Okay.  All we gonna do is, we j-,  - we just back it up.
- Right, that's it.  - Back it up.
- That's right.  - Backin' up?
- Yep.  - Just back it, b-b-b- back it up.  You insult me, Scott.  Your very existence is
insulting to me.  Y'know it would be much easier
to hit you if you were bigger.  Yeah, I agree.  Cassie!  Let me show you just how
insignificant you are.  Cassie, I'm coming!  Waaaah!  That's a messed-up looking dog.  I'm going to destroy everything you love.  Freeze! S.F.P.D.!  I can't break through.  It's titanium, you idiot.  Get her out of here.  Come on.  Sorry sweetheart.  You have to help daddy
pay for his mistakes.  - You stay behind me, okay?
- Okay.  Behind me.  I'm going to have to shrink between
the molecules to get in there.  Get away from us!  Daddy, help!  I love you Cassie.  Aaaaaaah!!!!  Daddy where are you?  ...go sub-atomic...  ...go sub-atomic...  Oh no.  You would enter a reality where
all concepts of time and space (echos)  become irrelevant. (echos continue)  And as you shrink...  for all eternity...  everything that you know...  and love...  gone forever.  (Cassie's voice echos)  Daddy!  Cassie!  Come on daddy.  Do not mess with the regulator.  Daddy!  I love you so much.  I love you too.  So much.  Ahem.  There's a big hole in the roof.  Sorry.  Is she all right?  She's fine.  Mommy.  She's fine, she's fine.  Scott, please.  You don't remember anything?  Hank, I, I don't.  There must be something else.  Well I suppose the human mind just
can't comprehend the experience, but  you made it.  You went in  and you got out.  It's amazing.  Scott.  I'll walk you out.  Get some rest.  Can it possibly...?  When did this happen?  Nothing's happening.  Well hold on.
Something's kind of happening.  Well if that's the case, uh,
shoot me again.  Yeah, I don't know what you're doing
grabbing me and kissing me like that.  I was a little surprised myself.
I have to get somewhere.  I'll see you later Hank.
Really, Hope.  - Scott.
- Yeah.  - You're full of shit.
- Oh yeah.  Well Scott I met with my Captain today.  He wanted a report of the
night you got out of jail.  Something happened with the cameras, and  circuits got fried, and...  But I told him you were
processed correctly.  Really?  Well yeah.  Can't be sending Cassie's dad back
to jail on a technical glitch, right?  Thank you Paxton.  I'm blown away.  Thank you for everything you do for Cassie.  Oh well, that's my pleasure.  But no, no this one, I,
I did it for you.  This is awkward.  - Yeah.
- Yeah.  I mean what do we even
talk about after all that?  - Oh I know.
- What?  - I did my first cartwheel today.
- What?  Yeah. She has been practicing all
week, but today was the magic day.  I recorded it on my phone here.  No, that can't be Cassie.
That's not you.  - Yeah it is.
- Yeah it is.  This is a professional gymnast,
there's no way that's her.  Yeah, that's her.  Good boy.  Sweetie that's pretty amazing, Peanut.  Sorry.  It's work.  Yeah?  All right.  Here's the deal.
Just give me the facts.  Just the facts, only the facts.  Breathe. Focus.  Keep it simple.  No no no,
no doubt, no doubt.  Okay, so I'm at this art museum
with my cousin Ignacio, right?  And there was this, like, abstract expressionism
exhibit, and you know me, I'm more like  a Neo-cubist kind of guy, right?  But there was this one Rothko that
was sublime, bro, oh my God-  Luis.  Okay sorry sorry I'm j- y'know
uh, I just get excited and stuff.  But anyway, anyway.  Ignacio tells me:  Yo, I met this crazy fine writer chick
at the spot last night, like,  fine, fine, crazy stupid fine.  And he goes up to the bartender and goes:  Look at the girl I'm with?
Y'know I' sayin'  She's crazy stupid fine right?  And the bartender's all like:  Yeah, crazy stupid fine.  So this writer chick tells Ignacio:
Yo, I'm like a boss in the world of  guerrilla journalism, and I got mad connects
with the peeps behind the curtains, y'know I' sayin?  Ignacio's like: For real?  And she's like: Yeah. You know what, I
can't tell you who my contact is, because  he works with the Avengers.  Oh no.  Yeah, this dude sounds like a bad-ass, man.  Like he comes up to him and he says, y'know:  I'm looking for this dude who's mo' unseen
who's flashing this fresh tat, who's got, like,  bomb moves, right? Who you got?  And she's like: Well, we got everything
nowadays, we got a guy who jumps,  we got a guy who swings, we got
a guy who crawls up the walls,  you gotta be more specific.  And he's like: I'm looking for a guy who shrinks.  And I'm like: Daaamn!
I got all nervous 'cause  I keep mad secrets
for you, bro.  So I asked Ignacio:  Did bad-ass  tell the stupid fine writer chick  to tell you to tell me  because I'm tight with that man
that he's looking for him?  And?  What'd he say?  He said yes.  Subs by Avenger.  The Tesseract has awakened.  It is on a neutral world, a human world.  They wield its power,  but our ally knows it's working, so that they never will learn.  He's ready to lead, and our force, our Chitauri will follow.  The world will be his and the universe yours.  And the humans, what can they do, but burn.  How bad is it?  That's the problem, sir. We don't know.  Dr. Selvig read an energy surge from the Tesseract four hour ago.  NASA didn't authorize Selvig to pull the test phase.  He wasn't testing it, he wasn't even in the room. Spontaneous advancement  It just turned itself on?  What are the engine levels now?  Climbing. When Selvig couldn't shut it down, we ordered the evac.  How long to get everyone out?  Campus should be clear in the next half hour.  Do better.  Sir, evacuation maybe futile.  We should tell them to go back to sleep?  If we can't control the Tesseract's energy,
there may not be a minimum safe distance.  I need you to make sure that phase
 prototypes are shipped out.  Sir, is that really a priority right now?  Until such time as the world ends,
we will act as though it intends to spin on.  Clear out the tech below. Every piece of phase  on a truck and gone.  Yes, sir. Come with me.  Talk to me,  Doctor.  - Director.
- Is there anything we know for certain?  - Tesseract is misbehaving.
- Is that supposed to be funny?  No, it's not funny at all.
The Tesseract is not only active, she's...misbehaving.  -How soon until you pull the plug?  She's an energy source.
If we turn off the power, she turns it back on.  -  If she reaches peak level...
- We've prepared for this, doctor.  - Harnessing energy from space.
- We don't have the harness.  Our calculations are far from complete.
Now she's throwing off interference, radiation  Nothing harmful, low levels of gamma radiation.  That can be harmful.
Where's Agent Barton?  The Hawk?  Up in his nest, as usual.  Agent Barton, report to me.  I gave you this detail so you could
keep a close eye on things.  - I can see better from a distance.
- Are you seeing anything that might  - set this thing off?
- Doctor, it's spiking again.  No one come or gone.
It's oven is clean.  No contacts, no I.M.'s.  If there was any tampering, sir, it wasn't at this end.  - At this end?
- A cube of space, one end of the door.  Yeah, the cube is a doorway to the other end of space, right? The doors open from both sides.  Sir, please put down the spear!  You have a heart.  Please don't.  - I still need that.
- This doesn't have to get any messier.  Of course it does. I've come too far for anything else.  I am Loki of Asgard,  - and I am burdened with glorious purpose.
- Loki, brother of Thor?  We have no quarrel with your people.  An ant has no quarrel with a boot.  - You planning to step on us?
- I come with glad tidings,  - of a world made free.
- Free from what?  Freedom. Freedom is life's great lie.  Once you accept that, in your heart...  You will know peace.  Yeah, you say peace, I kind of
think you mean the other piece.  Sir, Director Fury is stalling.
This place is about to blow  Drop a hundred feet of raw material,
he means to bury us.  - Like The Pharaohs of Odin.
- He was right.  He's right, the portal is collapsing in on itself.
You got maybe two minutes before this goes critical.  Drop him.  Need these vehicles.  - Who's that?
- He didn't tell me.  Hill, do you copy? Barton is....  He's got the Tesseract! Track it down!  ets go, no no no.. leave leave, go.  We cleared upstairs, sir.
We need to go.  Director? Director Fury , do you copy?  The Tesseract is with the hostile force.
I have men down. Hill?  A lot of men still under,
don't know how many survivors.  Sound the general call,
I want every living soul not needing rescue  - looking for that briefcase.
- Roger that.  Coulson, get back to base.
This is a level seven.  As of right now, we are at war.  What do we do?  Subtitle By JAVANI  I do not want to end tonight.  I want to know how
for it to end.  Believe me, you must
to be better prepared.  Do you work?
Lermentoville?  Is he confident that we will do -  transport without him?  I thought that a General
Tchalakov handle exports.  Tchalakov. Running Boy, doll.  Outdated information
derived from the fall.  Famous Black Widow  it's just a pretty face.  Do I feel beautiful?  We do not need Lermentovia
transport tank.  Tell him that we give up
medium term by hand. It's true ...  You may have to write it down.  Yes?  You ask.  - Listen carefully ...
- Silenskin box , the third floor.  F- close to you  draw
kilometer radius.  Put the woman on the phone,
or I will blow up the block before you can make the lobby.  - We need you to come in.
- Are you kidding? I'm working!  - This takes precedence.
- I'm in the middle of an interrogation and this  moron is giving me everything.  I don't give everything.  - Look, you can't pull me out of this right now.
- Natasha.  Barton's been compromised.  Let me put you on hold.  - Where's Barton now?
- We don't know.  - But he's alive.
- We think so.  I'll brief you on everything when you get back.
But first, we need you to talk to the big guy.  Coulson, you know that Stark trusts
me about as far as he can throw me.  No, I've got Stark. You get the big guy.  Oh, God.  - Do not come here!
- Who are you?  Go away. Here is a disease.  Are you a doctor?
My father did not wake up!  Body heat, and he
make noise, but did not open his eyes.  A slower rate.  My father ...  And when they?  Please...  Should have got paid up front, Banner.  You know, for a man who's supposed to be avoiding stress,
you picked a hell of a place to settle.  Avoiding stress isn't the secret.
-Then what is it? Yoga?  ou brought me to the edge of the city, smart.  I uh...assume the whole place is surrounded?  Just you and me.  And your actress buddy, is she a spy too?
Do you start that young?  - I did.
- Who are you?  Natasha Romanoff.  Are you here to kill me, Miss Romanoff?
Because that's not gonna work out for everyone.  No. No. Of course not. I'm here on behalf of SHIELD.  SHIELD. How did they find me?  We never lost you, doctor. We've kept our distance,  even helped keep some other interested parties off your scent.  - Why?
- Nick Fury seems to trust you.  But now I need you to come in.  - What if I say no?
- I'll persuade you.  And what if the...other guy says no?  You've been more than a year without an incident.
I don't think you wanna break that streak.  I don't get every time what I want.  Doctor, we're facing a potential global catastrophe.  - Well, those I actively try to avoid.
- This is the  Tesseract.  It has the potential energy to wipe out the planet.  - What does Fury want me to do? Swallow it?
- Well, he wants you to find it. It's been taken.  It omits a gamma signature that's too weak for us to trace.  There's no one that knows gamma radiation like you do.  If there was, that's where I'd be.  - So Fury isn't after the monster?
- Not that he's told me.  And he tells you everything?  - Talk to Fury, he needs you on this.
- He needs me in a cage?  - No one's gonna put you in a...
- Stop lying to me!  I'm sorry, that was mean.  I just wanted to see what you'd do.  Why don't we do this the easy way, where you don't use that,  and the other guy doesn't make a mess? Okay?  Natasha.  Stand down. We're good here.  Just you and me?  This is out of line, Director.  You're dealing with forces you can't control.  You ever been in a war, Councilman? In a firefight?  Did you feel an over abundance of control?  You saying that this Asgard has declared war on our planet?  Not Asgard. Loki.  He can't be working alone.
What about the other one? His brother.  Our intelligence says, Thor is not a hostile.  But he's worlds away, we can't depend on him to help either.
It's up to us.  Which is why you should be focusing on phase ,  - it was designed for exactly...
- Phase  isn't ready, our enemy is.  - We need a response team.
- The Avengers Initiative was shut down.  - This isn't about The Avengers.
- We have seen the list.  We're running the world's greatest
covert security network  and you're gonna leave the fate of
human race to a handful of freaks.  I'm not leaving anything to anyone.
We need a response team.  These people may be isolated, unbalanced even,  but I believe with the right push
they can be exactly what we need.  - You believe?
- War isn't won by sentiment, Director.  No, it's won by soldiers.  There's not enough time. I'm gotta
pull into the water.  - You wont be alone.
- .Oh God.  This guy is still alive.  Trouble sleeping?  I slept for  years, Sir.
I think I've had my fill.  Then you should be out, celebrating, seeing the world.  I went under, the world was at war,  I wake up, they say we won.
They didn't say what we lost.  We've made some mistakes along the way.
Some very recently.  - You here with a mission, sir?
- I am.  - Trying to get me back in the world?
- Trying to save it.  Hydra's secret weapon.  Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you.  He thought what we think, the Tesseract could be the key to  unlimited sustainable energy.  That's something the world sorely needs.  - Who took it from you?
- He's called Loki.  He's not from around here.  There's a lot we'll have to bring you up to speed on if you're in.  The world has gotten even stranger than you already know.  At this point, I doubt anything would surprise me.  Ten bucks says you're wrong.  There's a debriefing package waiting
for you back at your apartment.  Is there anything you can tell us
about the Tesseract that we ought to know now?  You should have left it in the ocean.  You're good to go on this end.
The rest is up to you.  You disconnected the transition lines?
Are we off the grid?  Stark Towers is about to become a
beacon of self sustaining clean energy.  Wow, so maybe our reactor takes over
and it actually works?  I assume. Light her up.  - How does it look?
- Like Christmas, but with more...me.  Gotta go wider on the public awareness campaign.
You need to do some press.  I can do some more tomorrow,
I'm working on the zoning for the next billboards.  Pepper, you're killing me. Remember?
Enjoy the moment.  I remember.  Sir, Agent Coulson of SHIELD is on the line.  I'm not in. I'm actually out.  Sir, I'm afraid he's insisting.  Close the line Jarvis. I got a date.  Levels are holding steady...I think.  Of course they are, I was directly involved.
Which brings me to my next question.  - How does it feel to be a genius?
- Well, ha, I really wouldn't know now, would I?  What do you mean? All this, came from you.  No. All this, came from that.  Give yourself some credit, please.
Stark Tower -  Stark Tower is your baby. Give yourself, twelve percent of the credit.  - Twelve percent?
- An argument can be made for fifteen.  - Twelve percent for my baby?
- Well, I did do all the heavy lifting.  Literally, I lifted the heavy things.
And sorry, but the security snafu? That was on you.  - My private elevator.
- You mean our elevator?  It was teeming with sweaty workmen.  I'm going to pay for that comment about
percentages in some subtle way later on, aren't I?  Not gonna be that subtle.  I'll tell you what. Next building
is gonna say 'Potts' on the tower.  - On the lease.
- Call your mom, can you bunk over?  Sir, the telephone. I'm afraid
my protocol's are being overwritten.  Stark, we need to talk.  You have reached the life model
decoy of Tony Stark, please leave a message.  - This is urgent.
- Then leave it urgently.  - Security breach. That's on you.
- Mr Stark.  - Phil! Come in.
- Phil.  - I can't stay.
- Uh...his first name is Agent.  - Come on in, we're celebrating.
- Which is why he can't stay.Soon as possible.  - I don't like being handed things
- That's alright, cause I love to be handed things.  So, let's trade.  Thank you.  Official consulting hours are between eight and five every other Thursday.  - This isn't a consultation.
- Is this about The Avengers?  - Which I...I know nothing about.
- The Avengers Initiative was scrapped, I thought.  - And I didn't even qualify.
- I didn't know that either.  Yeah, apparently I'm volatile, self obsessed, don't play well with others.  - That I did know.
- This isn't about personality profiles anymore.  - Whatever. Miss Potts, got a sec?  - You know, I thought we were having a moment.
- I was having twelve percent of a moment.  This seems so serious, Phil's pretty shaken.  - How did you notice? Why is he Phil?
- What is all this?  This is uh...  This.  - I'm going to take the jet to D.C. tonight.
- Tomorrow.  You have homework. You have a lot of homework.  Well, what if I didn't?  If you didn't?
You mean if you finished?  Then ...  Square deal. It's the last date.  Work hard.  - Do you drive past the airport, by chance?
- I can drop you.  Oh, fantastic. Does the cellist
You? Is it true relationship?  - He moved back to Portland.
- What?  We are a forty-minute
from the base, sir.  So this Dr. Banner was trying to replicate the serum that was used on me?  A lot of people were. You were the world's first superhero.  Banner thought gammer radiation might hold the key to unlocking Erskine's original formula.  - Didn't really go his way, did it?
- Not so much.  When he's got that thing though, guy's like a Stephen Hawking.  He's like a smart person.  I gotta say, it's an honor to meet you, officially.  I sort of met you, I mean, I watched you while you were sleeping.  I mean, I was...I was present while you were unconscious from the ice.  You know, it's really, it's just a...just a huge honor to have you on board.  - Well, I hope I'm the man for the job.
- Oh, you are. Absolutely.  Uh...we've made some modifications to the uniform. I had a little design input.  The uniform? Aren't the stars and stripes a little...old fashioned?  Everything that's happening, the things that are about to come to light,  people might just need a little old fashioned.  - The Chitauri grow restless.
- Let them grow restless.  - I will lead them in the glorious battle.
- Battle? Against a meagre might of earth?  - Glorious, not lengthy.  If your force is as formidable as you claim.  You question us?  Question him?
He who put the scepter in your hand?  Who gave you ancient knowledge and new purpose?  When you were cast out, defeated!  I was a king! The rightful king of Asgard. Betrayed.  Your ambition is little and full of childish need.  We look beyond the earth to great worlds  The Tesseract will avail.  You don't have the Tesseract yet.  I don't threaten.  But until I open the doors,  until your force is mine to command, you are the wars.  - You will have your war as guardian.  If you fail, -  if the Tesseract is kept from us,  there will be no realm, no barren moon,  no crevasse where I can't find you.  You think you know pain?  You will receive something sweet as pain.  - Get your captain equipment.
- All right.  Agent Romanoff , he's Captain Rogers.  - They need you on the bridge.
- See you there.  There was quite the buzz around here, finding you in the ice.  I thought Coulson was gonna swoon.  Did he ask you to sign his Captain America trading cards yet?  - Trading Cards?
- They're vintage, he's very proud.  Dr. Banner.  Oh, yeah. Hi.  - They told me you'd be coming.
- Word is you can find the cube.  - Is that the only word on me?
- Only word I care about.  Must be strange for you, all of this.  - Well, this is actually kind of familiar.
- Gentlemen, you may wanna step inside in a minute.  It's gonna get a little hard to breath.  Is this is a submarine?  Really? They wanted me in a submerged pressurized metal container?  Oh, no. This is much worse.  - All engine operating.SHEILD
emergency protocol,  . in effect. We're in, sir.
- Good.  - Lets vanish.
- Engage retro reflection panels.  - Reflection panels engaged.
- Gentlemen.  - Doctor, thank you for coming.
- Thanks for asking nicely.  - So, uh...how long am I staying?
- Once we get our hands on the Tesseract, you're in the clear.  Where are you with that?  We're sweeping every
wirelessly accessible camera on the planet.  Cell phones, laptops. If it's connected to a satellite,  -  it's eyes and ears for us.
- That's still not gonna find them in time.  You have to narrow the field.
How many spectrometers do you have access to?  - How many are there?
- Call every lab you know,  tell them to put the spectrometers on the roof
and calibrate them for gamma rays.  I'll rough out a tracking algorithm based on cluster recognition.  At least we could rule out a few places.  - Do you have somewhere for me to work?
- Agent Romanoff,  would you show Dr. Banner to his laboratory, please.  You're gonna love it, Doc. We got all the toys.  - Put over there.  - Is this the stuff you need?
- Yeah, Iridium.  It's found in meteorites, it forms anti-protons.  - It's very hard to get hold of
- Specially if SHIELD knows you need it.  Well, I didn't know!  The Tesseract is showing me so much.
It's...it's more than knowledge, it's truth.  I know. What did it show you, Agent Barton?  - My next target.
- Tell me what you need.  I need a distraction.  And an eyeball.  I mean, if it's not too much trouble.  No, no. It's fine.  It's a vintage set.
It took me a couple of years to collect them all.  Near mint, slight foxing around the edges, but...  We got a hit. Sixty seven percent match.  Weight, cross match, seventy nine percent.  - Location?
- Stuttgart, Germany. , Canning Strasse.  - He's not exactly hiding.
- Captain,  you're up.  Kneel before me.  I said.  Kneel!  Is not this simpler?  Is this not your natural state?  It's the unspoken truth of humanity,  that you crave subjugation.  The bright lure of freedom diminishes  your life's joy in a mad scramble for power,  and identity.  You were made to be ruled.  In the end, you will always kneel.  Not to men like you.  - There are no men like me.
- There are always men like you.  Look to your elder, people.  Let him be an example.  You know, the last time I was in Germany
and saw a man standing above everybody else,  we ended up disagreeing.  I'm not the one who's out of time.  Loki, drop the weapon and stand down.  Kneel.  Not today!  The guy's all over the place.  Agent Romanoff, did you miss me?  Make your move, Reindeer names.  Good move.  - Mr Stark.
- Captain.  - Didn't he say anything?
- Not a word.  Just get in here.
We're low on time.  - I don't like it.
- What? Rock of Ages giving up so easily?  I don't remember it being that easy.
This guy packs a wallop.  Still, you were pretty spry, for an older fellow.  - What's your thing? Pilates?
- What?  It's like calisthenics.
You might have missed a couple things,  you know, doing time as a Capsicle.  - Fury didn't tell me he was calling you in.
- Yeah, there's a lot of things Fury doesn't tell you.  Where's this coming from?  What's the matter? Scared of a little lightning?  I'm not overly fond of what follows.  - Now there's that guy.
- Another Asgardian?  - Think the guy's a friendly?
- Doesn't matter.  If he frees Loki or kills him, the Tesseract's lost.  - Stark, we need a plan of attack.
- I have a plan. Attack.  - I'd sit this one out, Cap.
- I don't see how I can.  These guys come from legends, they're basically Gods.  There's only one God, ma'am.
And I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress like that.  - Where's the Tesseract?
- I missed you too.  - Do I look to be in a gaming mood?
- Oh, you should thank me.  With the Bifrost gone, how much dark energy did the  All-Father have to muster to conjure you here?  Your precious earth.  I thought you dead.   Did you mourn?
- We all did.   Our father...
- Your father.  He did tell you my true parentage, did he not?  We were raised together.  We played together, we fought together.  - Do you remember none of that?
- I remember a shadows.  living in the shade of your greatness.  I remember you tossing me into an abyss.  - I who was and should be king!
- So you take the world I love as recompense for  your imagined slights?  No, the earth is under my protection, Loki.  And you're doing a marvelous job with that.  The humans slaughter each other in droves, while you ideally threat.  - I mean to rule them. That's why should I not...
- Think yourself above them.  - Well, yes.
- Then you miss the truth of ruling, brother.  A throne would suit you ill.  I've seen worlds you've never known about.  I have grown, Odin's son, in my exile.  I have seen the true power of the Tesseract. And when I wield it...  Who showed you this power?
Who controls the would be king?  - I am the king!
- Not here!  You give up the Tesseract!
You give up this poisonous dream!  You come home.  I do not have it.  You need the cube to bring me home,
but I've sent it off. I know not where.  You listen well, brother.  I'm listening.  - Do not touch me again.
- Then don't take my stuff.  You have no idea what you're dealing with.  Uh...Shakespeare in the park.  Doth mother know, you weareth her drapes?  This is beyond you, metal man.  Loki will face Asgardian justice.  He gives up the cube and he's all yours. Until then,  stay out of the way.  Tourist.  Okay.  How about that.  Thats enough!  - Now, I don't know what you plan on doing here.
- I've come here to put and end to Loki's schemes!  Then prove it. Put that hammer down.  Uh...yep! No! Bad call! He loves his hammer!  You want me to put the hammer down?  Are we done here?  In case it's unclear, you try to escape,  you so much as scratch that glass.  Thirty thousand feet, straight down in a steel trap.  You get how that works?  Ant.
Boot.  It's an impressive cage.  Not built, I think, for me.  Built for something a lot stronger than you.  Oh, I've heard.  The mindless beast, makes play to be the man.  How desperate are you? You call on these lost creatures to defend you.  How desperate am I?  You threaten my world with war. You steal a force you can't hope to control.  You talk about peace and you kill
cause it's fun.  You have made me very desperate.  You might not be glad that you did.  Ooh. It burns you to come so close.  To have the Tesseract, to have power, unlimited power.  And for what?  A world for all mankind to share,  - and then to be reminded what real power is.  \- Well let me know if real power will want some magazine or something./  - He really grows on you, doesn't he?
- Loki's gonna drag this out.  - So, Thor, what's his play?
- He has an army called the Chitauri,  that none of Asgard nor any world know.  He means to lead them against your people. They will win him the earth.  - Return, I suspect, for the Tesseract.
- An army,  - from outer space.
- So he's building another portal.  - That's what he needs Erik Selvig for.
- Selvig?  - He's an astrophysicist.
- He's a friend.  Loki has him under some kind of spell,  - along with one of ours.
- I wanna know why Loki let us take him.  - He's not leading an army from here.
- I don't think we should be focusing on Loki.  That guy's brain is a bag full of cats, you could smell crazy on him.  I don't care how you speak.  Loki is beyond reason, but he is of Asgard, and he's my brother.  He killed eighty people in two days.  - He's adopted.
- I think its about the mechanics.  - Iridium, what did they need the Iridium for?
- It's a stabilizing agent.  Means the portal won't collapse on itself, like it did at SHIELD.  No hard feelings Point Break, you've got a mean swing.  Also, it means the portal can open as wide,
and stay open as long, as Loki wants.  That man is playing gallaga.  Thought we wouldn't notice, but we did.  - How does Fury even see these?
- He turns.  Sounds exhausting.  The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily.  Only major component he still needs is a power source.  A high energy density, something to kick start the cube.  When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?  Last night.
The packet, Selvig's notes,  the Extraction Theory papers.
Am I the only one who did the reading?  Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?  He got to heat the cube to a hundred and
twenty million Kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier.  Unless, Selvig has figured out how to
stabilize the quantum tunnelling effect.  Well, if he could do that he could achieve
Heavy Ion Fusion at any reactor on the planet.  Finally, someone who speaks English.  - Is that what just happened?
- It's good to meet you, Dr. Banner.  You're work on anti-electron collisions is unparalleled.  And I'm a huge fan of the way you lose control
and turn into an enormous green rage monster.  - Thanks.
- Dr. Banner is only here to track the cube.  - I was hoping you might join him.
- Let's start with that stick of his  It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a Hydra weapon.  I don't know about that, but it is powered by the cube.  And I'd like to know how Loki used it to
turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys.  - Monkeys? I do not understand.
- I do.  - I understood that reference.  - Shall we play it, Doctor?
- This way, Sir.  The gamma readings are definitely
consistent with Selvig's reports on the Tesseract.  - But it's gonna take weeks to process.
- If we bypass their mainframe  and direct a reroute to the Homer cluster,
we can clock this around six hundred teraflops.  All I packed was a tooth brush.  You know, you should come by Stark Towers sometime.Top ten floors, all R and D.  - You'd love it, it's candy land.
- Thanks, but the last time I was in New York I  kind of broke Harlem.  Well, I promise a stress free environment. No tension.  No surprises.  - Nothing?
- Are you nuts?  You really have got a lid on it, haven't you? What's your secret?  - Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?
- Is everything a joke to you?  - Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn't funny.  - No offense, Doctor.
- No, it....it's alright. I wouldn't have come aboard if I couldn't  - handle pointy things.
- You're tiptoeing, big man.  - You need to strut.
- And you need to focus on the problem, Mr. Stark.  You think I'm not? Why did Fury call us and why now?  Why not before? What isn't he telling us.  I can't do the equation unless I have all the variables.  - You think Fury's hiding something?
- He is a spy.  He's a spy. Captain, he's the spy. His secrets have secrets.  It's bugging him too, isn't it?  - Uh, I just wanna finish my work here and...
- Doctor?  A world for all mankind, Loki's jab at Fury about the cube.  - I heard it.
- Well, I think that was meant for you.  Even if Barton didn't post that all over the news.  The Stark Tower? That big ugly......, building in New York?  It's powered by Stark Reactors, self sustaining energy source.  - That building will run itself for what, a year?
- That's just the prototype.  I'm kind of the only name in clean energy right now.  So why didn't SHIELD bring him in on the Tesseract project?  I mean, What are they doing in the energy business in the first place?  I should probably look into that once my decryption programme finishes breaking into all of SHIELD's secure files.  - I'm sorry, did you say.....?
- Jarvis has been running it since I hit the bridge.  In a few hours we'll know every dirty secret SHIELD has ever tried to hide.  - Blueberry?
- Yet you're confused about why they didn't want you around?  An intelligence organization that fears intelligence? Historically not possible.  I think Loki's trying to wind us up.  This is a man who means to start a war, and if don't stay focused, he'll succeed.  We have orders, we should follow them.  Following is not really my style.  And you're all about style, aren't you?  Of the people in this room, which one is; a-wearing a spangly outfit, and b- not of use?  Steve, tell me none of this smells a little funky to you?  Just find the cube.  That's the guy my dad never shut up about?  Wondering if they shouldn't have kept him on ice.  The guy's not wrong about Loki, he does have the jump on us.  What he's got is an acme dynamite kit.  It's gonna blow up in his face, and I'm gonna be there when it does..  And I'll read all about it.  Or you'll be suiting up like the rest of us.  Ah, see. I don't get a suit of armor.  I'm exposed, like a nerve.  - It's a nightmare.
- You know, I've got a cluster of shrapnel,  trying every second to crawl its way into my heart.  This stops it. This little circle of light.  It's part of me now, not just armor.  - It's a terrible privilege.
- But you can control it.  - Because I learned how.
- It's different.  Hey, I've read all about your accident. That much gammer exposure should have killed you.  So you're saying that the Hulk,  the other guy, saved my life?  That's nice.
It's a nice sentiment.  Save it for what?  I guess we'll find out.  - You may not enjoy that.
- You just might.  As soon as Loki took the doctor we moved Jane Foster.  We've got an excellent observatory in Traunsee.
She was asked to consult there very suddenly yesterday.  Handsome fee, private plane, very remote.  - She'll be safe.
- Thank you.  It's no accident Loki taking Erik Selvig.  I dread what he plans for him once he's done.  - Erik is a good man.
- He talks about you a lot.  You changed his life.  - You changed everything around here.
- They were better as they were.  We pretend on Asgard that we're more advanced, but we.  We come here battling like Bilchsteim.  - Like what?
- Bilchsteim. You know; huge, scaly, big antlers.  - You don't have those?
- I don't think so.  They are repulsive, and  they trample everything in their path.  When I first came to earth, Loki's rage followed me here and your people paid the price.  And now again,  n my youth I courted war.  War hasn't started yet.  You think you can make Loki tell us what the Tesseract is?  I do not know. Loki's mind is far afield,  it's not just power he craves,
it's vengeance upon me.  There's no pain that would prise his need from him.  A lot of guys think that, until the pain stops.  - What are you asking me to do?
- I'm asking, what are you prepared to do?  Loki is a prisoner.  Then why do I feel like he's the only person on this boat that wants to be here?  There's not many people that can sneak up on me.  -But you figured I'd come after.  After whatever tortures Fury can concoct,  you would appear as a friend,
as a balm.  - And I would cooperate.
- I wanna know what you've done to Agent Barton.  I'd say I've expanded his mind.  And once you've won. Once you're king of the mountain.  What happens to his mind?  - Is this love, Agent Romanoff?
- Love is for children. I owe him a debt.  Tell me.  Before I worked for SHIELD, I  I made a name for myself.
I have a very specific skillset.  I didn't care who I used it for, or on.  I got on SHIELD's radar in a bad way.  Agent Barton was sent to kill me,  he made a different call.  And what will you do if I vow to spare him?  - I'll not let you out.
- Ah, no. But I like this  Your world in the balance, and you bargain for one man?  Regime's fall everyday.
I tend not to weep over that, I'm Russian,  Or I was.  - And what are you now?
- It's really not that complicated.  I've got red in my ledger, I'd like to wipe it out.  Can you?  Can you wipe out that much red?  Drakoff's daughter?  Sao Paulo?  The hospital file?  Barton told me everything.  Your ledger is dripping, it's gushing red,  and you think saving a man no more virtuous than yourself will change anything?  This is the basest sentimentality.  This is a child at prayer.
Pathetic.  You lie and kill  in the service of liars and killers.  You pretend to be separate,
to have your own code,  something that makes up for the horrors.  But they are a part of you,  and they will never go away.  I won't barter Barton! Not until I make him kill you.  Slowly, intimately, in every way he knows you fear.  And then he'll wake just long enough to see his good work,  and when he screams I'll split his skull  This is my bargain, you mewling quin!  You're a monster.  Oh, no.  You brought the monster.  - So, Banner? That's your play?
- What?  Loki means to unleash the Hulk. Keep Banner in the lab, I'm on my way.  Set the door locked.  Thank you, for your cooperation.  - What are you doing, Mr. Stark?
- kind of been wondering the same thing about you  - You're supposed to be locating the Tesseract.
- We are, the model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature now.  When we get a hit, we'll have the location within half a mile.  And you'll get your cube back, no muss, no fuss.  What is Phase ?  Phase  is SHIELD used the cube to make weapons.  -Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow for me.
-Rogers, we gathered everything related to the Tesseract.This does not  \ - mean that we're./
- I'm sorry, Nick.
What were you lying?  - I was wrong, Director. The world hasn't changed a bit.
- Do you know about this?  - You wanna think about removing yourself from this environment, doctor?
- I was in Calcutta, I was pretty well removed.  - Loki's manipulating you.
- And you've been doing what exactly?  - You didn't come here because I bat my eyelashes at you.
- Yes, and I'm not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy.  I'd like to know why SHIELD is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction.  Because of him.  - Me?
- Last year earth had a visitor from another planet  who had a grudge mass that levelled a small town.  We learned that not only are we not alone,
but we are hopelessly, hilariously  - out gunned.
- My people want nothing but peace with your planet.  But you're not the only people out there, are you?
And, you're not the only threat.  The world's filling up with people who can't be matched,  - they can't be controlled.
- Like you controlled the cube?  You're work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it, and his allies.  It is the signal to all the realms that the  earth is ready for a higher form of war.  - A higher form?
- You forced our hand.We had to come up with something.  A nuclear deterrent.
cause that always calms everything right down.  Remind me again how you made your fortune, Stark?  - I'm sure if he still made weapons, Stark would be neck deep...
- Wait, Wait, Hold on. How is this now about me?  - I'm sorry, isn't everything?
- I thought humans were more evolved than this.  - Excuse me, did we come to your planet and blow stuff up?
- We can..  - You speak of control, yet you court chaos.
- It's his M.O., isn't it?  I mean, what are we, a team? No, no, no. We're a chemical mixture that makes chaos.  We're...we're a time-bomb.  - You need to step away.
- Why shouldn't they guy let off a little steam?  - You know damn well why! Back off!
- Oh, I'm starting to want you to make me.  Yeah, big man in a suit of armor.  - Take that off, what are you?
- Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.  I know guys with none of that worth ten of you.  I've seen the footage.
The only thing you really fight for is yourself.  You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play,
to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you.  I think I would just cut the wire.  Always a way out.  You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero  A hero, like you?  You're a laboratory experiment, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle.  Put on the suite, let's go a few rounds.  - You people are so petty, and tiny.
- Yes, right.  - Agent Romanoff, would you escort Dr. Banner back to his
- Where? You're renting my room.  - The cell was just...
- In case you needed to kill me.  but you can't! I know, I tried.  I got low,  I didn't see an end, so I put a bullet in my mouth and the other guy spit it out.  So I moved on, I focused on helping other people.  I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show.  and put everyone here at risk. You wanna know my secret,
Agent Romanoff? You wanna know how I stay calm?  Dr. Banner.  put down the scepter.  All right.  - Sorry, kids. You don't get to see my party trick after all.
- Located the Tesseract?  - I can get there faster.
- The Tesseract belongs on Asgard,  - no human is a match for it.
- You're not going alone!  You gonna stop me?
Put on the suit, let's find out.  - I'm not afraid to hit an old man.
- Put on the suit.  Oh, my God.  - Put on the suit!
- Yep.  - Hill!
- Its a detonation. Number three engines is down.  -We're been hit.
-Fire engines.  - Talk to me.
- Turbine looks mostly intact, -  but it is impossible to get out there and repair when we already there.  If we lose one of engine we wont be.  - Someone gonna get outside and patch the engine.
- Stark, did you capy that?  - I'm on it.  Okay.  You okay right?  Keep that engine down.
Attention.wait the cameras going dark.  Stay close.  Level four.  Engine three. I'll meet you there.  Doctor.  Bruce, you gotta fight.  This is just what Loki wants.  We're gonna be okay. Listen to me.  We're gonna be okay. Right?  I swear on my life I will get you out of this,  you will walk away, and never...  Your life?  Bruce.  We have been carrying  to the south. Takes us to the water.  Free wind. Navigation
recalibration after the engine failure.  - Is the sun coming up?
- Yes sir.  Then put it on the left.
Takes us on the water.  One more turbine goes down
we're trapped.  Stark!  - Stark, I'm here!
- Good.  See what we got.  I gotta get this super conducting cooling system back online  before I can access the rotors and work on dislodging the debris.  I need you to get to that engine control panel
and tell me which relays are in overload position.  What's it look like in there?  It seems to run on some form of electricity.  Well, you're not wrong.  We're not your enemies, Banner.  Try to think.  The relays are intact.  - What's our next move?
- Even if I clear the rotors,  this thing won't re-engage without a jump.  - I'm gonna have to get in there and push.
- Well if that thing gets up to speed, you'll get shredded.  Then stay in the control unit and reverse
polarity long enough to disengage mag..  - Speak English.  See that red lever?  It'll slow the rotors down long enough for me to get out.  Stand by it, wait for my word.  I need full evac on lower deck.  Grenade.  We gotta perimeter breach.
Hostile wiped SHIELD gear.  Hulk and Thor are in the research level
, level  and .  Sir, the Hulk will tear this place apart!  - Get his attention.
- Escorts, Six o proceed to the.  - Don't get too close.  Target acquired.  Target engaged.  Target in moving.  Engine now all shut down.  Sir we lost all engine one.  It's Barton. He took out our system.
He's headed for the detention lab.  Does anybody copy?  This is Agent Romanoff.I copy.  - Stark,we losing altitude.
- I have noticed.  No!  Are you ever not going to fall for that?  The humans think us immortal. Should we test that?  Move away please.  Do you like this?  We started working on the prototype after you sent The Destroyer.  Even I don't know what it does.  Do you wanna find out?  No!  Natasha ...  You're gonna lose.  Am I?  It's in your nature.  You're heroes are scattered,
your floating fortress falls from the sky.  - Where is my disadvantage?
- Your lack conviction.  I don't think I...  So that's what it does.  - Cap, need a lever.
- I need a minute here!  Lever, now!  I'm sorry, boss. They got rabbited.  Just stay awake. Eyes on me  - No, I'm clockin' out here
- Not an option.  It's okay, boss.  This was never gonna work if they didn't have something to.....  Agent Coulson is down.  - The medical team on the way to the location.
- They're here.  These were in Phil Coulson's jacket.  Guess he never did get you to sign them.  We're dead in the air up here. Our communications,
location of the cube,  Banner, Thor. I got nothing for you.  Lost my one good eye.  Maybe I had that coming.  Yes.  We were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract.  I never put all my chips on that number though,
because I was playing something even riskier.  There was an idea, Stark knows this,  called The Avengers Initiative.  The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people,  see if they could become something more.  See if they could work together when we needed them to,  to fight the battles that we never could.  Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea,  in heroes.  Well, it's an old fashioned notion.  You fell out of the sky.  - Did I hurt anybody?
- There's nobody around here to get hurt.  You did scare the hell out of some pigeons though.  - Lucky.
- Or just good aim.  You were awake when you fell.  - You saw?
- The whole thing, right through the ceiling.  Big and green and buck ass nude.  Here...  I didn't think those would fit you until
you shrunk down to a regular size fella.  Thank you.  - Are you an alien?
- What?  - From outer space, an alien?
- No.  Well then, son. You've got a condition.  Clint, You're gonna be alright.  You know that? Is that what you know?  I got...I gotta go in though.  I gotta flush him out.  - We don't have that long, it's gonna take time.
- I don't understand.  Have you ever had someone take your brain and play?  Pull you out and send something else in?  Do you know what it's like to be unmade?  You know that I do.  Why am I back? How did you get him out?  Cognitive recalibration.  I hit you really hard in the head.  Thanks.  Natasha,  - how many agents?
- Don't. Don't do that to yourself, Clint.  This is Loki.  This is monsters and magic and nothing we were ever trained for.  - Loki, he got away?
- Yeah. I don't suppose you know where?  I didn't need to know. I didn't ask.  He's gonna make his play soon though. Today.  - We gotta stop him.
- Yeah? Who's we?  I don't know. Who's ever left.  Well, if I put an arrow in Loki's eye socket, I'd sleep better I suppose.  Now you sound like you.  But you don't.  You're a spy, not a soldier.  Now you want to wade into a war. Why?  What did Loki do to you?  He didn't, I just...  Natasha.  I've been compromised.  I got red in my ledger,  I'd like to wipe it out.  - Was he married?
- No  He was a...cellist, I think.  I'm sorry. He seemed like a good man.  - He was an idiot.
- Why? For believing?  - For taking on Loki alone.
- He was doing his job.  He was out of his league. He should have waited. He should have...  - Sometimes there isn't a way out, Tony.
- Right. How did that work for him?  - Is this the first time you've lost a soldier?
- We're not soldiers!  - I'm not marching to Fury's fife.
- Neither am I.  He's got the same blood on his hands that Loki does,  but right now we gotta put that behind us and get this done.  Now Loki needs a power source, if we can put together a list...
He made it personal.  - That's not the point.
- That is the point. That's Loki's point.  - He hit us all right where we live. Why?
- To tear us apart.  He had to conquer his greed,
but he knows he has to take us out to win, right?  That's what he wants. He wants to beat us,
he wants to be seen doing it.  - He wants an audience.
- Right. I caught his act in Stuttgart.  Yeah. That's just previews, this is...
this is opening night. And Loki, he's a full-tail diva.  He wants flowers, he wants parades,
he wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered.  I hope that would be true.  - Time to go.
- Go where?  I'll tell you on the way. Can you fly one of those jets?  I can.  You got a suit? Yeah.
Then suit up.  - You guys aren't authorized to be in here.
- Son, just don't.  Sir.
Done is jacket.  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  They needed to push.  They found it. Get our communications back up
whatever you have to do.  - I want eyes on everything.
- Yes sir.  This device has already self sustainig.  - Shut it down, Dr. Selvig.
- It's too late.  It can't stop now.
He wants to show us something!  - A new universe.
- Okay.  The barrier is pure energy. It's unbreachable.  Yeah I get that.  Plan B.  - Sir, mark  is not ready for deployment.
- Then skip the spinning ring.We're run out of clock.  Please tell me you're going to appeal to my humanity.  - Uh...actually, I'm planning to threaten.
- You should have left your armor on for that.  Yeah, it's seen a bit of mileage.
You've got the blue stick of destiny.  - Stalling me won't change anything.
- No, no, no! Threatening.  The Chitauri are coming, nothing will change that.  - What have I to fear?
- The Avengers.  It's what we call ourselves, sort of like a team.
Earth's Mightiest Heroes type of thing.  - Yes, I've met them.
- Yeah, takes us a while to get any traction, I'll give you that one.  But, let's do a head count here. Your brother, the demi-God  a super soldier, a living legend
who kind of lives up to the legend  a man with breath-taking anger management issues  a couple of master assassins, and you, big fella  you've managed to piss off every single one of them.  - That was the plan.
- Not a great plan.  When they come, and they will, they'll come for you.  - I have an army.
- We have a Hulk.  -I thought the beast had wandered off.
-You're missing the point. There's no throne,  there is no version of this, where you come out on top.  Maybe your army comes and
maybe it's too much for us, but it's all on you.  Because if we can't protect the Earth,
you can be damned well sure we'll avenge it.  How will your friends have time for me,  when they're so busy fighting you?  - It should work!
- Well, performance issues. You know?  Jarvis, anytime now.  - You will all fall before me.  And there's one other person you pissed off!  His name is Phil.  Right.
Army.  Loki, turn off the Tesseract or I'll destroy it!
You can't.  There is no stopping it.  - There is only the war!
- So be it.  - Stark, we're heading north east.
- What, did you stop for drive-through?  Swing that park, I'm gonna lay them out for you.  - So we have more incoming.
- Lets keep them occupied.  - Nat.
- Did you see them?  We need back up there.  - Stark, are you seeing this?
- I'm seeing, still working on believing..  - Where's Banner? Has he shown up yet?
- Banner?  Just keep me posted.
Jarvis, find me a soft spot.  Look at this. Look around you.  You think this madness will end with your rule?  It's too late. It's too late to stop it.  No. We can, together.  Sentiment!  You got civilian trap in the roof.  Loki.  There more down there.  - We got this. Go Go.
- You think you can hold them off?  Captain,  it would be my genuine pleasure.  - Just like Budapest all over again!
- You and I remember Budapest very differently.  National guard?  Does the army know what's happening here?  Do we?  I need men in these buildings. There are people inside that can run into the line of fire.  You take them through the basement or through the subway, you keep them off the streets  - I need a perimeter as far back as th.
- Why the hell should I take orders from you?  I need men in those buildings, lead the people down and away from the streets  I wanna shut off the perimeter all the way down of  Street.  Well, we got its attention.
Where it heads to?  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  <Ranugal>  ReSync|EditBack| By Ranugal  - Lets Thor hear what says.
- The powers surrounding the cube is impenetrable  Thor is right, we gotta deal with these guys.  - How do we do this? As a team.
- I have unfinished business with Loki.  - Yeah, get in line.
- Save it.  Save it. Loki's gonna keep this fight focused on us and that's what we need. Without him these things could run wild.  We got Stark up top, he's gonna need us...  So, this all seems horrible.  - I've seen worse.
- Sorry.  No, we could use a little worse.  - Stark, we got him,
- Banne.  -  just like you said.
- Tell him to suit up. I'm bringing the party to you.  I don't see how that's a party.  Dr. Banner,  Dr. Banner, now might be a good time for you to get angry.  That's my secret, Captain.  I'm always angry.  Hold on.  Send the rest.   Guys.
- Call it, Captain.  Alright, listen up. Until we can close that portal up there, we're gonna use containment.  Barton, I want you on that roof, eyes on everything. Call out patterns and strays.  Stark, you got the perimeter. Anything gets more than three blocks out, you turn it back or your turn it to ash.  - Wanna give me a lift?
- Right. Better clench up, Legoolas.  Thor, you've gotta try and bottleneck that portal, slow them down.  You've got the lightning, light the bastards up.  You and me, we stay here on the ground, keep the fighting here. And  Hulk,  <b>SMASH</b>
(Mean Hulk Smash, Grrr, like  that ^_^)
(so Fun, Hulk can understand now XoXoXo)  Sir.  Stark, you have a lot of
Strand out here.  - I try to keep them off the streets.
- But they cant bang with the them.  - Find the ....
- I will roger that.  Oh, boy.  Nice call, what else do you got?  We force taking out the squadron on .  And it didn't invite me.  Captain, none of this is gonna mean a damn thing if we don't close that portal.  - Our biggest guns couldn't touch it.- Well, maybe it's not about guns  You wanna get up there, you're gonna need a ride.  I could use a boost though.  - You sure about this?
- Yeah, it's gonna be fun.  Turn, turn.  This way.  Director Fury, the council has made a decision.  I recognize the council has made a decision,  but given that it's a stupid assed decision, I've elected to ignore it.  Director, you're closer than any of our subs, you scramble that jet  That is the island of Manhattan, Councilman.  Until I'm certain my team can't hold it,  I will not order a nuclear strike against a civilian population.  If we don't hold them in the air, we lose everything.  I'd send that bird out, we already have.  Hawkeye.  - Nat, what are you doing?
- Little help.  I got him.  Enough!
You are all of you beneath me!  I am God,
you dull creature, and I will not be bullied by.  Puny God.  Doctor.  Loki's scepter, the energy...the Tesseract can't fight. You can't protect against yourself.  It's not your fault. You didn't know what you were doing.  Well, actually I think I did.  I built in a safety to cut the power source.  - Loki's scepter.
- It may be able to close the portal.  And I'm looking right at it.  Sir, we're losing power before penetrate that shell.  JARVIS, you hear
the Tell of Jonah?  I'm considering be a role model.  Director of Fury no longer responsible.
overwrite order -Alfa--.  -Alfa --confirmed.
We are about to take off.  Sir we have born in motion.  Anyone on the deck?
We need to shut it down.  I repeat, take off not authorized.  Stark, do you hear me?  We have a missile headed straight for the city.  - How long?
- Three minutes, at best.  Stay load and wipe out them.  - Jarvis, put anything we got it.
- I just did.  The package is set. detonation in two
minutes and thirty seconds from now.  You ready for another bout?  What, you gettin' sleepy?  Right of to the front.  I can close it! Can anybody copy?  - I can shut the portal down!
- Do it!  - No, wait!
- Stark, these things are still coming!  I got a nuke coming in, it's gonna blow in less than a minute.  And I know just where to put it.   Stark, you know that's a one way trip.
- Save the rest for the turn jarvs.  - Shall I tray Miss Potts?
- Where her?  New York streets
has become a battleground.  The army is here, and try to contain
violence, but clearly  But the billionaire
Iron Man, Tony Stark ...  Come on, Stark.  Close it.  Son of a guy.  He's not slowing down.  What the hell?  What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me?  We won.  Alright. Hey. Alright. Good job  guys. Let's just not come in tomorrow.  Let's just take a day. Have you ever tried shawarma?
There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here.  - I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it.
- We're not finished yet  And then shawarma after.  If it's all the same to you,  I'll have that drink now.  This point of devastation what has been confirmed extra terrestrial attack be a extraordinary a heroic group known as  Avengers has been.....  I love you, Thor!  Super hero in New York?
Give me a break!  These so called heroes have to be held responsible for the destruction done to the city.  This was their fight. Where are they now?  Captain America saved my life.  Whatever he is
and whatever any of them are i just   just want a say thank you.  - Where the Avengers?
- I'm not currently tracking their whereabouts.  I'd say they'd earned a leave of absence.  - And the Tesseract?
- The Tesseract is where it belongs,  Out of our reach.  That's not your call.  I didn't make it.  So you let him take it and the war criminal, Loki,
who should be answering for his crime.  Oh, I think he will be.  I don't think you understand what you've started,  letting in The Avengers loose on some this world.  - They dangerous.
- They surely are,  and the whole world knows it. Every world knows it.  Was that the point in all this? A statement.  A promise.  How does it work now?  They've gone their separate ways,
some pretty extremely far.  We get into a situation like this again,
what happens then?  They'll come back.  - Are you really sure about that?
- I am.  - Why?
- Because we'll need them to.  - Mam.
- Hai.  Where do you find all these people?  SHIELD has not shortage of enemies, Doctor.  These soldier. A man out of time.  Power % Capacity  <b>Secure Storage -C</b>  <b>S.H.I.E.L.D. Accelerator Test Factory</b>  Would you like a drink?  No drink? You Sure?  I'm having one.  The Council is on.  I got a ride.  I just didn't argue with the God that did. 
Wait for it.  - Can I turn on the radio?
- No.  Jane, you can't keep doing this.  The last seventeen occurrences,
had been predictable  - to the second.
- Jane...  You're an astrophysicist
not some storm chaser.  I'm telling you,
there's a connection,  between these atmosphere
disturbances and my research.  Erik, I...  I wouldn't have asked you
to fly out here,  if I wasn't absolutely sure.  Jane?  I think you wanna see this.  What is that?  God!  I thought you said,
it was a subtle aurora.  Go!  Help me get down!  - Get closer.
- Yeah, right! Good one!  Go!  What are you doing?  I'm not dying
for six college credits!  I think that was legally
your fault.  Get the first aid kit.  Do me a favor
and don’t be dead! Please!  Where did he come from?  Once...  mankind accepted
a simple truth,  that they were not alone
in this universe.  Some worlds, man believed
to be home to their gods.  Others, they knew to fear.  From a Realm
of cold and darkness,  came the Frost Giants.  Threatening to plunge
the mortal world,  into a new ice age.  But humanity, would not face
this threat alone.  Our armies drove
the Frost Giants,  back into the heart
of their own world.  The cost was great.  In the end,
their king fell.  And the source of their power,
was taken from them.  With the last great war ended,  we withdrew
from the other worlds,  and returned home,
to the realm eternal...  Asgard.  And here, we remain
as the beacon of hope.  Shining out across the stars.  And though we have fallen
into man's myths and legends,  it was Asgard,  and its warriors,
that brought peace...  to the universe.  But the day will come,  when one of you,
will have to defend that peace.  Do the Frost Giants
still live?  When I'm a king...  I'll hunt the monsters down,
and slay them all!  Just as you did, Father.  A wise king,
never seeks out war, but...  he must always
be ready for it.  - I'm ready, Father.
- So am I.  Only one of you
can ascend to the throne.  But both of you,
were born to be kings.  Oh, please.  Yes!  Thor Odinson,  my heir,  my first-born.  So long entrusted with
the mighty hammer, Mjolnir.  Forged in the heart of
a dying star.  It's power has no equal!  as a weapon to destroy,
or as a tool to build.  It is a fit companion
for a King.  I have defended Asgard,  and the lives of the innocent
across the Nine Realms,  in the time
of the Great Beginning.  And though the day has
come for a new King...  Do you swear to guard
the Nine Realms?  I swear.  And do you swear
to preserve the peace?  I swear.  Do you swear,  to cast aside
all selfish ambition,  and to pledge yourself only
to the good of the realms?  I swear!  Then on this day,
I, Odin Allfather,  will proclaim you...  The Frost Giants...  The Jotuns must pay for what
they’ve done!  They have paid
with their lives.  The Destroyer did it's work,  the Casket is safe,
and all is well.  All is well?  They broke
into the Weapons Vault!  If the Frost Giants had stolen
even one of these relics...  - But they didn’t.
- Well, I want to know why?  I have a truce with Laufey,
King of the Jotun.  He just broke your truce!
They know you're vulnerable.  What action would you take?  March into Jotunheim
as you once did,  teach them a lesson,  break their spirits
so they’ll never dare--  try to cross our borders again!  You’re thinking only
as a warrior!  - This was an act of war!
- It was the act of but a few,  - doomed to fail.
- Look how far they got!  We will find the breach in our
defenses, and it will be sealed.  - As King of Asgard...
- But you're not King!  Not yet.  It’s unwise to be in my company
right now, brother.  This was to be
my day of triumph.  It will come.
In time.  What’s this?  If it’s any consolation,
I think you’re right.  About the Frost Giants,
about Laufey, about everything.  If they found a way to penetrate
the Asgard defenses once,  who’s to say they won’t try again.
Next time with an army.  - Exactly!
- There’s nothing you can do,  without defying Father.  No. No, no, no, no, no.
I know that look!  It’s the only way to ensure
the safety of our borders.  - Thor, It’s madness.
- Madness?  What sort of madness?  We’re going to Jotunheim.  What?  This isn’t like a journey to Earth,  where you summon
a little lightning and thunder,  and the mortals worship
you as a god.  This is Jotunheim.  My father fought his way
into Jotunheim,  defeated their armies,
and took their Casket.  We would just
be looking for answers.  It is forbidden!  My friends, have you forgotten
all that we’ve done together?  Fandral, Hogun?  Who led you into
the most glorious of battles?  You did.  And Volstagg,
to delicacies so succulent,  you thought you’d died
and gone to Valhalla?  - You did.
- Yes.  And who proved wrong all who
scoffed at the idea that--  a young maiden could be one
of the fiercest warriors,  this Realm has ever known?  - I did.
- True. But I supported you, Sif.  My friends,  We’re going to Jotunheim.  Leave this to me.  Good Heimdall...  You're not dressed
warmly enough.  I'm sorry?  Do you think that
you can deceive me?  - You must be mistaken...
- Enough!  Heimdall, may we pass?  Never has an enemy
slipped my watch, until this day.  I wish to know
how that happened.  Then tell no one
where we’ve gone,  until we’ve returned.
Understand?  What happened?
Your silver tongue turn to lead?  Be warned.  I will honor my sworn oath,  to protect this Realm
as its Gatekeeper.  If your return threatens
the safety of Asgard,  Bifrost will remain
closed to you.  And you’ll be left to die
in the cold wastes of Jotunheim.  Couldn’t you just leave
the bridge open for us?  To leave the bridge open,  would unleash
the full power of the Bifrost,  and destroy Jotunheim
with you upon it.  - I have no plans to die today.
- None do.  We shouldn’t be here.  Let's move.  Where are they?  Hiding. As cowards always do.  You've come a long way
to die Asgardians.  I am Thor Odinson.  We know who you are.  How did your people
get into Asgard?  The house of Odin
is full of traitors.  Do not dishonor
my father’s name with your lies!  Your father is a murderer
and a thief.  And why have you come here?
To make peace?  You long for battle.
You crave it!  You're nothing but a boy,
trying to prove himself a man.  This boy has grown tired
of your mockery.  Thor, stop and think.  Look around you.
We are outnumbered.  Know your place, brother...  You know not what your actions
would unleash.  I do.  Go now, while I still allow it.  We will accept
your most gracious offer.  Come on, brother.  Run back home, little princess.  Damn!  Next!  At least make it
a challenge for me!  That’s more like it!  Don’t let them touch you!  Thor!  - We must go!
- Then go!  Run!  Thor!  Heimdall! Open the bridge!  Father!
We’ll finish them together!  Silence!  Allfather.
You look weary.  Laufey. End this now.  Your boy sought this out.  You’re right.  These are
the actions of a boy.  Treat them as such.  You and I can end this,
here and now.  before there’s further bloodshed.  We are beyond diplomacy now,
Allfather.  He’ll get what he came for...  war and death.  So be it.  Why did you bring us back?  Do you realize what you’ve done?
What you’ve started?  I was protecting my home.  You cannot protect
your friends.  How can you hope
to protect a kingdom?  Get him to the healing room!
Now!  There won’t be a kingdom
to protect,  if you’re afraid to act!  The Jotuns must learn
to fear me,  just as they once
feared you.  That’s pride and vanity talking,
Not leadership!  Have you forgotten
everything I’ve taught you?  - What of a warrior’s patience?
- While you wait and be patient,  the Nine Realms laugh at us.  The old ways are done.  You’d stand giving
speeches while Asgard falls!  You’re a vain, greedy,
cruel boy!  And you are an old man
and a fool!  Yes. I was a fool,  to think you were ready.  - Father.
- Nay!  Thor Odinson...  You have betrayed the express
command of your King.  Through your arrogance and
stupidity,  you've opened these
peaceful Realms,  and innocent lives to the horror
and desolation of war!  You are...  unworthy of these Realms!
unworthy of your title!  You're unworthy...  of the loved ones,
you have betrayed.  I now take from you,
your power!  In the name of my father!  And his father before!  I, Odin Allfather,
cast you out!  Whosoever holds
of this hammer,  if he be worthy, shall possess
the power of Thor.  I think that was legally
your fault.  Get the first aid kit.  Do me a favor
and don’t be dead.  Wow. Does he need CPR?
Because I totally know CPR.  Where did he come from?  - You all right?
- Hammer! Hammer!  Yeah, we can tell you’re hammered.
That’s pretty obvious.  Oh, my God!
Erik, look at this.  We’ve got to move quickly
before this all changes.  Jane, we have to take him to
the hospital.  - Father!
- He’s fine, look at him.  Heimdall!  I know you can hear me!
Open the Bifrost!  Hospital.
You go, I'll stay.  You! What Realm is this?
Alfheim? Nornheim?  New Mexico!  You dare threaten me,
Thor, with so puny a weapon!  What?
He was freaking me out.  Next time you decide
to taser someone,  make sure
he's already in the car, okay?  Jane, come on.  - Name?
- He said it was "Thor".  T-H-O-R.  - And your relationship to him?
- I’ve never met him before.  - Until she hit him with the car.
- I grazed him.  - But she tasered him.
- Yes, I did.  Hi.  Just taking a little blood.  How dare you attack
the son of Odin!  - I need some help!
- You need help?  Call security!  Security to ER!
We need assistance!  You’re no match
for the mighty...  Huh.  You don’t think this was just
a magnetic storm, do you?  Look. The lensing around
these edges,  is characteristic
of an Einstein-Rosen Bridge.  A what?  I thought you were
a science major.  - Political Science.
- She was the only applicant.  An Einstein-Rosen Bridge
is a theoretical connection,  between two different points
of space-time.  It's a wormhole.  Erik, look...
What do you see?  - Stars.
- Yeah. But not our stars.  See, this is the star alignment,  for our quadrant,
this time of year.  And unless Ursa Minor
decided to take the day off...  these are someone
else’s constellations.  Hey, check this out.  No, it can't be.  I think I left something
at the hospital.  It’s not possible.  - Oh, what the hell happened?
- I don't wanna know.  I just lost my most important
piece of evidence. Typical.  - Now what?
- We find him.  Did you see what he did
in there?  I'm not sure finding him
is the best idea.  Well, our data can't tell us--  what it was like to be
inside that event,  and he can.
So, we're gonna find him.  Okay.  So you're gonna look
all over New Mexico, right?  Exactly.  Oh, what?  I’m so sorry. I swear
I’m not doing this on purpose!  # If you got a problem,
you don't care what it is #  # you'll need a hand,
I can assure you this. #  # I can help. #  # I got two strong arms,
I can help. #  # It would sure do me good #  # to do you good
Let me help #  Come on, pick it in now!  Did it work?  Sir...
we’ve found it.  You know, for a crazy,
homeless person, he's pretty cut.  Hey, sorry I tased you!  Excuse me, excuse me!  - Umm.
- What is this?  Oh...
My ex.  Good with patience
and bad with relationships.  Uh... They're the only clothes
I had that would fit you.  - They will suffice.
- You're welcome.  This mortal form
has grown weak.  I need sustenance!  We should never
have let him go.  There was no stopping him.  At least he’s only banished,
not dead.  Which is what we’d all be
if that guard,  hadn’t told Odin
where we’d gone.  How did the guard even know?  I told him.  What?  I told him to go to Odin
after we’d left.  He should be flogged
for taking so long.  We should have never
reached Jotunheim.  - You told the guard?
- I saved our lives.  And Thor’s.  I had no idea Father would
banish him for what he did.  Loki...  you must go to the Allfather,  and convince him
to change his mind!  And if I do, then what?  I love Thor more dearly
than any of you,  but you know what he is.  He’s arrogant, he’s reckless,
he’s dangerous!  You saw how he was today.  Is that what Asgard needs
from its King?  He may speak of
the good of Asgard,  but he’s always been
jealous of Thor.  We should be grateful to him.
He saved our lives.  Laufey said there were traitors
in the House of Odin.  A master of magic could bring
three Jotuns into Asgard.  Loki’s always been one for
mischief,  but you’re talking about
something else entirely.  Stop!  - Am I cursed?
- No.  What am I?  You’re my son.  What more than that?  The Casket
wasn’t the only thing,  you took from Jotunheim
that day, was it?  No.  In the aftermath of the battle,
I went into the Temple,  and I found a baby.  Small for a giant’s offspring,  abandoned, suffering,
left to die.  Laufey’s son.  Laufey’s son...  Yes.  Why? You were knee-deep
in Jotun blood.  Why would you take me?  - You were an innocent child.
- No.  You took me for a purpose,
what was it?  Tell me!  I thought we could unite
our kingdoms one day,  bring about an alliance,
bring about a permanent peace,  - ... through you.
- What?  But those plans
no longer matter.  So I am no more
than another stolen relic,  locked up here until you
might have use of me.  Why do you twist my words?  You could have told me
what I was from the beginning.  - Why didn’t you?
- You are my son.  I wanted only to protect you
from the truth.  What?
Because I...I...I...  I'm the monster that parents
tell their children about at night?  - Don’t...
- You know, it all makes sense now!  Why you favored Thor
all these years.  Because no matter how much
you claim to love me,  you could never have
a Frost Giant,  sitting on
the Throne of Asgard!  Guards!
Guards, please help!  How'd you get inside
that cloud?  Also how could you eat
an entire box of Pop Tarts,  and still be this hungry?  This drink, I like it.  - I know, it's great, right?
- Another!  Sorry, Izzy.
Little accident.  - What was that?
- It was delicious. I want another.  Well, you could have just
said so!  - I just did.
- No. I mean ask nicely.  I meant no disrespect.  All right.
Well, no more smashing. Deal?  - You have my word.
- Good.  The usual, please, Izzy.  You missed all the excitement
out at the crater.  They’re saying some kind of
satellite landed out in the desert.  Yeah, we were having
a good time with it,  Untill the Feds showed up.  Excuse me, did you say
there was a satellite crash?  Yeah.  Oh, my God! This is going
on Facebook. Smile!  What did it look like,
the satellite?  Well, I don’t know nothing
about satellites.  But it was heavy.
Heavy. Nobody could lift it.  They said it was radioactive.
I had my hands all over it.  - Which way?
- Oh. Fifty miles west of here.  But I wouldn't waste my time.  Looked like the whole Army
was coming in when we left!  - Where are you going?
- Fifty miles west of here.  - Why?
- To get what belongs to me.  - Oh, so you own a satellite now?
- It's not what they say it is.  Well, what ever it is,  the government seems to think
it's theirs.  So, you just intend
to go in there and take it?  Yes.  If you take me there now,  I’ll tell you everything
you wish to know.  - Everything?
- Yes.  All the answers you seek will be
yours, once I reclaim Mjolnir.  Myeu-muh?
What’s Myeu-muh?  Can I have a word, Jane?  Please don’t do this.  You saw what I saw last night.
This is no coincidence.  We have to find out
what's in that crater.  But I'm not talking about
the crater. I'm talking about him.  - But he's promising us answers.
- He’s delusional!  Listen to what he's saying.
He's talking about Mjolnir,  and Thor and Bifrost!  It's the stories
I grew up with as a child.  I'm just gonna drive him.
That's it!  He's dangerous, Jane.  I'm sorry.
But I can't take you.  Then this is where
we say goodbye.  Uh...  Thank you!  Jane Foster, Erik Selvig, Darcy.
Farewell.  Alright.
Back to work.  Hey!
That’s my stuff!  What the hell is going on here?  Ms. Foster, I’m Agent Coulson,
with SHIELD.  Is that suppose
to mean something to me?  - You can’t do this!
- Jane.  Jane. This is a lot more serious
than you realize. Let it go.  Let it go?
This is my life!  We’re here investigating
a security threat.  We need to appropriate
your records,  and all your atmospheric data.  By "appropriate"
you mean "steal"?  Here. This should more than
compensate you for your trouble.  I can’t just buy replacements
of RadioShack!  I made most of
this equipment myself!  Then I’m sure
you can do it again.  And I’m sure I can sue you,  for violating
my constitutional rights!  I'm sorry, Ms. Foster.
But we’re the good guys.  So are we!  I'm on the verge of understanding
something extraordinary.  And everything I know
about this phenomenon,  is either in this lab,
or in this book,  and you can't just
take this with...  - Hey!
- Jane! Easy! Easy!  Thank you
for your cooperation.  Years of research, gone.  They even took my iPod.  - What about the backups?
- They took our backups.  They took the backups
of our backups.  They were extremely thorough.  Just downloaded like
thirty songs onto there.  Could you please,
stop with your iPod!  Who are these people?  I knew this scientist.  a pioneer in gamma radiation.  SHIELD showed up,
and...  he wasn't heard from again.  They're not gonna do that
to us.  - I'm gonna get everything back.
- Come on, please!  Let me contact
one of my colleagues.  He's had some dealings
with these people before.  I’ll email him
and maybe he can help.  They took your laptop, too.  All-Father, we must
speak with you urgently!  My friends.  Where's Odin?  Father has fallen
into the Odinsleep.  Mother fears
he may never awaken again.  We would speak with her.  She has refused to leave
my father's bedside.  You can bring
your urgent matter to me.  Your King.  My King, we would ask
that you end Thor's banishment.  My first command can not be
to undo the Allfather’s last.  We’re on the brink of war
with Jotunheim.  Our people need
a sense of continuity,  in order to feel safe
in these difficult times.  All of us must stand together,
for the good of Asgard.  Yes, of course.  Good, then you await
for my word.  If I may,  beg the indulgence
of your majesty,  - to perhaps reconsider...
- We're done!  I need a horse!  We don't have horses.
Just dogs, cats, birds.  Then give me one of those,
large enough to ride.  Hey, you still need a lift?  I've never done
anything like this before.  Have you ever done
anything like this before?  Many times.
But you're brave to do it.  Well, they just stole
my entire life's work.  I don't really
have much left to lose.  - But you're clever.
- Thanks.  Far more clever than
anyone else on this Realm.  Realm? Realm?  - You think me strange?
- Yeah, I do.  Good strange, or bad strange?  I'm not quite sure yet.  I'm sorry.  But who are you?  Really?  You'll see soon enough.  You promised me answers.  What you seek, it's a bridge.  Like an Einstein-Rosen Bridge?  More like a rainbow bridge.  God, I hope you're not crazy.  I never get used
to seeing him like this.  But he’s put it off
for so long now. But I fear...  - How long will it last?
- I don't know.  This time, it's different.
We were unprepared.  So why did he lie?  He kept the truth
from you,  so that you would never
feel different.  You are our son, Loki.
And we your family.  We mustn't lose hope that
your father will return to us.  And your brother.  What hope is there for Thor?  There's always a purpose
to everything your father does.  This tube is a satellite crash?  If they would've hauled
the wreckage away,  they wouldn't built
a city around it.  - You’re going to need this.
- What?  Wait, why?  Now stay here.
Once I have Mjolnir,  I will return the items
they've stolen from you.  - Deal?
- No! Look what’s down there!  You think you're just
gonna walk in,  - grab our stuff, and walk out?
- No.  I'm gonna fly out.  Sir, feed from the keyhole.  Can barely penetrate
the cloud cover.  Tech’s barely working as it is,
with all the interference,  that thing’s giving off.  And we’ve got a commercial
aircraft coming in right over us,  Southwest Airlines
Flight .  Reroute it,
like all the others.  Hold a sec...  we've got something
outside the fence, west side.  DeLancey, Jackson,  west side perimeter,
go check it out.  DeLancey, Jackson,
report.  Agent down!
We’ve got a perimeter breach!  You’ve reached Dr. Erik Selvig.
Please leave me a message.  Hi, Erik. It's me.
Don't worry, I'm fine. But...  just in case you don’t hear
from me in the next hour,  just come by the crater site
and try to find me, okay?  I did exactly
what you told me not to.  I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry. Bye!  - You two, follow me!
- All the squad, move!  Open the gate!
He breached our tunnel!  Negative, negative!
Place is locked on!  I need eyes up high.
With a gun.  Pulling North!  So, what have we got?  There's a mass of electromagnetic
surge coming of that thing.  Systems are barely coping.  Barton. Talk to me.  Do you want me
to slow him down, sir?  Or you're sending in
more guys for him to beat up?  I'll let you know.  You’re big.  Fought bigger.  You better call it Coulson,  cause I'm starting to root
for this guy.  - Last chance, sir!
- No, wait! I wanna see this.  Why?!  Alright, show’s over.
Ground units, move in.  He committed a crime!
He's in jail!  - I can't just leave him there!
- Why?  - You didn't see what I saw!
- Look! Look! It's Myeu-muh.  - Where'd you find this?
- The children's section.  I just wanted to show you
how silly his story was.  But you're the one
who's always pushing me,  to chase down every possibility,
every alternative!  I'm talking about science,
not magic!  Well magic's just science
that we don't understand yet,  - Arthur C. Clarke.
- Who wrote science fiction.  - A precursor to science fact!
- In some cases, yes.  Well, if there is
an Einstein-Rosen Bridge,  then there's something
on the other side.  And advanced beings
could have crossed it!  Oh, Jane...  A primitive culture like the vikings ...  might have worshiped them as deities.  Yes, yes, exactly!  Thank you!  You made my men,  some of the most highly trained
professionals in the world,  look like a bunch of
minimum wage mall cops.  That's hurtful.  In my experience,  it takes someone
who's received similar training,  to do what you did to them.  Why don't you tell me,
where you received your training?  Pakistan? Chechnya?
Afghanistan?  You know, you strike me more
as the soldier of fortune type.  Where was it?
South Africa?  Certain groups pay very well
for a good mercenary like you.  Who are you?  One way or another we'll find out
what we need to know.  We're good at that.  Don't go anywhere.  Loki?
what are you doing here?  I had to see you.  What's happened?
Tell me? Is it Jotunheim?  Let me explain to father.  Father is dead.  What?  Your banishment.  The threat of a new war.  It was too much
for him to bear.  You mustn't blame yourself.  I know that you loved him.  I tried to tell him so,
but he wouldn't listen.  So cruel to put the hammer
within your reach,  knowing that
you could never lift it.  The burden of the throne
has fallen to me now.  Can I come home?  The truce with Jotunheim
is conditional upon your exile.  Yes, but...
couldn't we find a way to...  Your mother,
has forbidden your return.  This is goodbye, brother.  I'm so sorry.  No.  I am sorry.  Thank you for coming here.  Farewell.  Goodbye.  Goodbye?
I just got back.  Sir...
he’s got a visitor.  - His name is Donald Blake?
- Doctor Donald Blake.  You have dangerous
co-workers, Doctor Selvig.  He was distraught
when he found out,  that you'd taken
all of our research.  That was years of his life, gone!  You can understand how a man
can go off like that.  A big faceless organization
like yours,  coming in with their
jack-booted thugs and...  That's how he put it.  That still doesn't explain,  how he managed
to tear through our security.  Steroids!
He's a bit if a fitness nut.  Sir?  It says here
that he was an M.D.  Well, he is!
Or he was.  He switched careers
and became a physicist.  A brilliant physicist.  He's a... he's a wonderful man.
He's a man in pain.  Oh, Donny, Donny, Donny!  There you are!  It’s gonna be all right,
I’m taking you home, now.  Doctor Selvig?  Just keep him away
from the bars.  I will.  - Where are we going?
- To get a drink.  Follow them.  You know,
I had it all backwards.  I had it all wrong.  Was that a bad thing, finding out
that you don't have all the answers?  You start asking
the right questions.  For the first time in...
in my life,  I have no idea
what I'm supposed to do.  Anyone who's ever going
to find his way in this world,  has to start by admitting,  he doesn't know
where the hell he is.  Thank you,
for what you've done.  No, don't thank me.
I only did it for Jane.  Her father and I
taught at University together.  He was a good man.  He never listened.  Neither did I.  My father was trying
to teach me something.  But I was too stupid to see it.  I don't know
if you're delusional,  or if you're putting
some kind of con. I don't care.  I just care about her.  I've seen the way
she looks at you.  I swear to you,
I mean her no harm.  Good. In that case,
I'll buy you another round.  And you'll leave town tonight.  Two boilermakers!  Kill him.  After all I've done for you?  So you're the one who showed us
the way into Asgard.  That was just a bit of fun really.  To ruin my brother's big day.  And to protect the realm from
his idiotic rule for a while longer.  I will hear you.  I will conceal you
and a handful of your soldiers,  lead you into Odin's chambers
and you can slay him where he lies.  Why not kill him yourself?  I suspect that the Asgardians
would not take kindly to a King,  who had murdered
his predecessor.  Once Odin is dead,
I will return the casket to you.  And you can return Jotunheim
to all it's uh...  glory.  I...  accept.  What troubles you, Gatekeeper?  I turned my gaze upon you
in Jotunheim,  but could neither see you
or hear you.  You were shrouded from me,  like the Frost Giants
had entered this Realm.  Perhaps your senses
have weakened,  after your many years
of service.  Or perhaps someone
has found a way to hide,  that which he does not
wish me to see.  You have great power,
Heimdall.  Did Odin ever fear you?  - No.
- And why is that?  Because he is my King.
And I'm sworn to obey him.  He was your King.  And you are sworn
to obey me now.  Yes?  Yes.  Then you'll open the Bifrost
to no one.  Until I have repaired the damage
that my brother has done.  Oh, my God!
Is he okay?  He’s fine.
Not injured at all.  - I'm Sorry, my friend.
- What happened?  We drank. We fought.
He made his ancestors proud.  Put him on the bed.  Oh, I still don’t think
you’re the God of Thunder.  But you ought to be.  Are these your chambers?  Uh... it’s more of
a temporary living situation.  Oh, I'm sorry.
I don’t usually have guests.  Actually...
We never had guests.  That's not the right place
for it.  I'm so sorry.  - Can we go outside?
- Yes, of course.  I come up here sometimes
when I can't sleep,  or when I'm trying to reconcile
particle data,  or when
Darcy's driving me crazy.  I come up here a lot actually,
now that I think about it.  I'm really glad you're safe.  You've been very kind to me.  I have been far less grateful
than you deserve.  Well, I hit you with my car
a couple times,  so I think
that kind of even things out.  Perhaps I had it coming.  Oh, my God!  - I don't believe it!
- It was all I could get back.  I'm sorry,
it's not as much as I promised.  No! No! This is great!
This is...  I don't have to start
from the scratch now.  Thank you.  What's wrong?  SHIELD, whatever they are.  They're going to do everything
in their power,  to make sure this research
never sees the light of day.  No, Jane. Listen to me,
you must not give up.  You must finish
what you started.  - Why?
- Because you're right.  Here, look.  You're ancestors called it magic,
and you call it science.  Well, I come form a place,  where they're one
and the same thing.  What is that?  My father,
explained it to me like this,  that your world is one of
the Nine Realms of the cosmos.  Linked to each other
by the branches of Yggdrasil.  The worlds tree.  Now you see it everyday
without realizing.  The images glimpsed through,
what did you call it? This...  this hooble telescope.  - Hubble.
- Hubble telescope.  Tell me more.  So, the Nine Realms.  Now there is Midgard,
which is earth.  There's Alfheim, Vanaheim,
Jotunheim and Asgard.  And that's were I come from.  Thank you, Jane.  Our dearest friend banished,  Loki on the throne,
Asgard on the brink of war,  Yet you've managed
to consume,  four wild boar, six pheasant,  a side of beef
and two casks of ale!  Shame on you!
Don't you care!  Do not mistake
my appetite for apathy!  Stop it! Both of you!
Stop.  We all know
what we have to do.  We must go.  We must find Thor.  - It's treason.
- To hell with treason. It's suicide.  Thor would do the same for us.  Now, shh!  Heimdall might be watching.  Heimdall demands
your presence.  We’re doomed.  You would defy the commands
of Loki, our King,  Break every oath
you have taken as warriors,  and commit treason
to bring Thor back?  - Yes.
- Good!  So you'll help us?  I am bound by honor
to our King.  I cannot open the bridge
to you.  - Complicated fellow, isn't he?
- Now what do we do?  Look!  What the hell was that?  I don’t know, sir. We got massive
energy readings out of nowhere,  and then they just disappeared.
Fifteen miles due northwest.  Let’s go take a look.  - Thank you.
- Thank you.  You're very welcome.  Base to team two, we've got
activity outside the town.  Stay on your target.  Ensure my brother
does not return!  Destroy everything!  Mom?  Is there a Renaissance Faire
in town?  - Call it in.
- Yeah.  Base, we've got... Xena,
Jackie Chan, and Robin Hood  It's a beautiful theory, Jane.  You won't be able
to convince...  the scientific community
of any of it.  Not without hard evidence.  Found you!  My friends!  This is good!
This is good!  - I don't believe it!
- Oh, excuse me.  Lady Sif,
and the warriors three.  My friends,  I have never been happier
to see anyone.  But you should not have come.  We're here to take you home!  You know I can't go home.  My father is...  dead because of me.
I must remain in exile.  Thor...  your father still lives.  Tell me, Loki, how did you get
the Jotuns into Asgard?  You think the Bifrost is the only
way in and out of this realm?  There are secret paths
between the worlds,  to which even you
with all your gifts are blind.  But I have need of them
no longer, now that I am king.  And I say,
for your act of treason,  you are relieved of your duties
as Gatekeeper.  And no longer
citizen of Asgard.  Then I need no longer
obey you.  Get somebody
from Linguistics down here.  Was somebody else coming?  - Is that one of Stark’s?
- I don't know.  That guy never tells me
anything.  Hello!  You’re using unregistered
weapons technology.  Identify yourself.  Here we go.  Incoming!  Jane, you have to leave.  - What are you gonna do?
- I'm staying here.  Thor is gonna fight with us.  My friends,  I'm just a man.  I'll only be in the way,
or worse get one of you killed.  But I can help
get these people to safety.  Well, if you're staying,
then so am I.  - We'll need some time.
- You'll have it.  Okay, move it people!  Everybody, out!
Use the backdoor!  Go, hurry!
You can eat later!  Keep it distracted.  For Asgard!!  Fall back!  Go, now! Run!  Sif, you've done all you can.  No! I will die a warrior's death.
Stories will be told of this day.  Live, and tell those stories
yourself.  Now, go!  You must return to Asgard.
You have to stop Loki.  What about you?  Don’t worry, my friends.
I have a plan.  Come on.  We need to fall back.
Come on!  Come on.  Wait!  What's he doing?  Brother, whatever
I have done to wrong you,  whatever I have done
to lead you to do this,  I am truly sorry.
But these people are innocent.  Taking their lives
will gain you nothing.  So take mine...  and end this.  No!  - It's over.
- No. It's not over.  - I mean, you're safe.
- We're safe.  It's over.  No.  No.  Whosoever holds
of this hammer,  if he be worthy,  shall possess
the power of Thor.  Jane!  - No. No.
- Let's go! Now!  No!  Oh. My. God.  So is this
how you normally look?  More or less.  It's a good look.  We must go to the Bifrost site.  I would have a word
with my brother.  Excuse me!  Donald,  I don't think you've been
completely honest with me.  Know this, son of Coul.  You and I,
we fight for the same cause,  the protection of this world.  From this day forward
you can count me as your ally,  if, you return the items
you have taken from Jane.  - Stolen!
- Borrowed.  Of course you can have
your equipment back.  You're gonna need it
to continue your research.  Would you like to see
the bridge we spoke of?  Uh... sure.  Wait!
I need to debrief you!  Welcome to Asgard.  Heimdall! Open the Bifrost!  Heimdall.  Heimdall.  He doesn't answer.  Then we’re stranded.  Heimdall! If you can hear me,
we need you now!  Heimdall!
we need you now!  Heimdall!  I must go back to Asgard.
But I give you my word,  I will return for you.  Deal?  Deal.  Get him to the healing room!  Leave my brother to me.  It's said,  you can still hear and see
what transpires around you.  I hope it's true.  So that you may know,  your death came
at the hand...  of Laufey.  And your death came
by the son of Odin.  Loki,
you saved him.  I swear to you mother,  that they will pay
for what they have done today.  Loki!  Thor!  I knew you'd return to us.  Why don't you tell her?  How you sent the Destroyer
to kill our friends!  - To kill me!
- What?  Well, I must have been enforcing
father's last command.  You're a talented lier, brother.
Always have been.  It's good to have you back.  Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have to destroy Jotunheim.  You can't stop it.  The Bifrost will build
until it rips Jotunheim apart.  Jane?  Why have you done this?  To prove to father,
that I am a worthy son!  When he wakes,
I will have saved his life.  I will have destroyed
that race of monsters.  And I will be true heir
to the throne!  You can't kill an entire race!  Why not?  And what is this newfound love
for the Frost Giants?  You? who could have killed
them all with your bear hands.  - I've changed.
- So have I.  Now, fight me.  I never wanted the throne!  I only ever wanted to be
your equal.  I will not fight you, brother!  I'm not your brother.  - I never was!
- Loki, this is madness!  Is it madness?  Is it?  Is it?  Come on, what happened to you
on earth that turned you so soft?  Don't tell me it was that woman?  Oh! It was!  Well, maybe
when we're finished here,  I'll pay here a visit myself!  Thor!  Brother, please!  Enough!  Look at you.  The mighty Thor!  With all your strength!  And what good
does it do you now?  Do you hear me, brother?
There's nothing you can do!  What are you doing?  If you destroy the bridge,
you’ll never see her again!  Forgive me, Jane.  I could have done it, father!  I could have done it!  For you!  For all of us!  No, Loki.  Loki, no!  No.  It's gone.  And then,
with a mighty bellow,  I flew into the giant metal beast
and laid it low...  Is that another way of saying
you fell on your huge...  As a matter of fact,
falling down was a tactic.  My Queen,
I'm so sorry for your loss.  How is he?  He mourns for his brother.  And...  he misses her.  The mortal.  You'll be a wise king.  There will never be
a wiser king than you.  Or a better father.  I have much to learn.  I know that now.  But some day, perhaps,  I shall make you proud.  You’ve already
made me proud.  So, earth is lost to us?  No.
There is always hope.  Can you see her?  Yes.  I have the particle detectors.  Darcy, do you have
the SHIELD's satellite codes?  Yeah.
Have you seen my taser?  How is she?  In the car.
Come on, Jane.  She searches for you.  Doctor Selvig?  So, you're the man
behind all this?  It's quite a labyrinth.  I was thinking, they're taking me
down here to kill me.  I've been hearing about
the New Mexico situation.  Your work has impressed
a lot of people  who are much smarter
than I am.  I have a lot to work with.  The Forster theory,
a gate to another dimension.  It's unprecedented.  Isn't it?  Legend tells us one thing,
history another.  But every now and then, we find
something that belongs to both.  What is it?  Power, doctor.  If we can figure out
how to tap it,  maybe unlimited power.  Well, I guess
that's worth a look.  Well, I guess
that's worth a look. 
Peter.  Your momma wants to speak with you.  Come on, Pete.
Take these fool things off.  Why have you been fighting
with the other boys again, baby?  Peter?  They killed a little frog
that ain't done nothing.  Smushed it with a stick.  You're so like your daddy.  You even look like him.  And he was an angel.  - Composed out of pure light.
- Mer?  You got a present there for Peter,
don't you?  Of course.  There.  I've got you covered, Pete.  You open it up when I'm gone, okay?  Your grandpa...  ...is gonna take such good care of you.  At least until your daddy
comes back to get you.  Take my hand.  Peter.  Pete, come on.  Take my hand.  Mom?  No!No!No!No!  Mom! No!  - Come with me.
- No!  No!  You've got to stay here. Please.  No...  Okay?  No.  Mom!  Drop it!  Uh, hey.  - Drop it, now!
- Hey, cool, man. No problem.  No problem at all.  How do you know about this?  I don't even know what that is.  I'm just a junker, man.
I was just checking stuff out.  You don't look like a junker.
You're wearing Ravager garb.  This is just an outfit, man.  Ninja Turtle, you better stop poking me.  What is your name?  My name is Peter Quill, okay?
Dude, chill out.  - Move!
- Why?  Ronan may have questions for you.  Hey, you know what?  There's another name
you might know me by.  Star-Lord.  Who?  Star-Lord, man. Legendary outlaw.  - Guys?
- Move!  Ah, forget this.  Peter?  What happened?  Hey, uh...  Uh... I...  - Bereet.
- Bereet!  Look, I'm gonna be totally honest
with you. I forgot you're here.  Scattered riots broke out  across the Kree Empire today  protesting the recent peace treaty
signed by the Kree Emperor  and Xandar's Nova Prime.  Peter, you have call.  - No, wait, don't!
- Quill?  Hey, Yondu.  I'm here on Morag.  Ain't no Orb, ain't no you.  Well, I was in the neighborhood.
I thought I'd save you the hassle.  Well, where are you at now, boy?  I feel really bad about this,
but I'm not gonna tell you that.  - I slaved putting this deal together.
- Slaved?  Making a few calls is "slaved"?
I mean, really?  And now you're gonna rip me off!  We do not do that to each other.
We're Ravagers. We got a code.  Yeah, and that code is
"steal from everybody."  When I picked you up on Terra...  "Picked me up."  ...these boys of mine
wanted to eat you.  Yeah?  They ain't never tasted
any Terran before.  I stopped them.
You're alive because of me!  I Will find you, I Will...  Put a bounty on him!  Forty K.  - But I want him back alive.
- Yeah, Cap.  - Alive?
- That's what I said.  I told you when you picked that kid up,  you should have delivered him
like we was hired to do!  He was cargo!  You have always been soft on him.  You're the only one I'm being soft on!  Now, don't you worry about Mr. Quill.  As soon as we get him back here,  I'm gonna kill him myself.  What we do need to worry about,  is who else out there wants that Orb!  They call me "terrorist,"  "radical," "zealot,"  because I obey the ancient laws
of my people, the Kree,  and punish those who do not.  Because I do not forgive your people  for taking the life of my father,  and his father,
and his father before him.  A thousand years of war between us
will not be forgotten!  You can't do this!
Our government signed a peace treaty.  My government
knows no shame.  You Xandarians and your culture
are a disease.  You  will never rule Xandar.  No.  I will cure it!  Ronan,  Korath has returned.  Master, he is a thief,  an outlaw who calls himself Star-Lord.  But we have discovered
he has an agreement  to retrieve the Orb
for an intermediary known  as The Broker.  I promised Thanos
I would retrieve the Orb for him.  Only then will he destroy Xandar for me.  Nebula, go to Xandar
and get me the Orb.  It will be my honor.  It will be your doom.  If this happens again,
you'll be facing our father  without his prize.  I'm a daughter of Thanos.  Just like you.  But I know Xandar.  Ronan has already decreed that I...  Do not speak for me.  You will not fail.  Have I ever?  Xandarians.  What a bunch of losers.  All of them in a big hurry
to get from something stupid,  to nothing at all. Pathetic.  Look at this guy!  Can you believe they call us criminals,  when he's assaulting us
with that haircut?  What is this thing?
Look how it thinks it's so cool.  It's not cool to get help!
Walk by yourself, you little gargoyle.  Look at Mr. Smiles over here.  Where's your wife, old man?
What a class-A prevert.  Right, Groot?  Groot?  Don't drink fountain water, you idiot.  - That's disgusting!
- Mmm.  Yes, you did. I just saw you doing it.  Why are you lying?  Whoop.  Looks like we got one.  Okay, humie, how bad
does someone wanna find you?  , units?
Groot, we're gonna be rich.  - Mr. Quill.
- Broker.  The Orb.  - As commissioned.
- Where's Yondu?  Wanted to be here. Sends his love.  And told me to tell you,  that you got the best eyebrows
in the business.  What is it?  It's my policy never to discuss
my clients, or their needs.  Yeah, well, I almost died
getting it for you.  An occupational hazard,
I'm sure, in your line of work.  Some machine-headed freak,
working for a dude named Ronan.  Ronan? I'm sorry, Mr. Quill.  I truly am.  But I want no part of this transaction  - if Ronan is involved.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!  Who's Ronan?  A Kree fanatic,
outraged by the peace treaty,  who will not rest
until Xandarian culture, my culture,  - is wiped from existence!
- Whoa, whoa!  - Come on.
- He's someone  whose bad side I'd rather not be on.  What? What about my bad side?  Farewell, Mr. Quill.  Hey, we had a deal, bro!  What happened?  Ah, this guy just backed out of a deal
on me.  If there's one thing I hate,
it's a man without integrity.  Peter Quill. People call me Star-Lord.  You have the bearing of a man of honor.  Well, you know, I wouldn't say that.  People say it about me, all the time,  but it's not something
I would ever say about myself.  Ooh!  This wasn't the plan.  Ah!  Put him in the bag.
Put him in the bag!  No! Not her, him!  Learn genders, man.  Ow!  Biting? That's not fair!  Take it easy!  Ow!  Fool. You should have learned.  I don't learn. One of my issues.  What the...  Quit smiling, you idiot.
You're supposed to be a professional.  You gotta be kidding me.  Ooh. Hey!  I live for the simple things.  Like how much this is gonna hurt.  Yeah. Writhe, little man.  It'll grow back, you d'ast idiot.  Quit whining.  Subject P, drop your weapon.  Aw, crap.  By the authority of the Nova Corps,  - you are under arrest...
- All right. Come on up.  ...for endangerment to life
and the destruction of property.  Hey! If it isn't Star-Prince.  - Star-Lord.
- Oh, sorry. "Lord."  I picked this guy up a while back
for petty theft.  He's got a code name.  Yeah. Stay out of the way.  Come on, man. It's a...
It's an outlaw name.  Just relax, pal.  It's cool to have a code name.
It's not that weird.  Fascists.  Ronan is destroying  Xandarian outposts
throughout the galaxy.  I should think that would call for some
slight response on the part of the Kree.  We signed your peace treaty,
Nova Prime.  What more do you want?  At least a statement
from the Kree Empire  saying that they condemn his actions.  He is slaughtering children.  Families.  That is your business.  Now, I have other matters to attend to.  Prick.  Well, some good news.  It looks like we've apprehended
one of Ronan's compatriots.  Gamora.  Surgically modified
and trained as a living weapon.  The adopted daughter
of the Mad Titan, Thanos.  Recently, Thanos lent her
and her sister Nebula out to Ronan,  which leads us to believe that Thanos
and Ronan are working together.  Subject P. Calls itself "Rocket."  The result of illegal genetic  and cybernetic experiments  on a lower life form.  What the hell?  They call it "Groot."  A humanoid plant
that's been traveling recently  as P's
personal houseplant/muscle.  Peter Jason Quill, from Terra.  Raised from youth by a band
of mercenaries called the Ravagers,  led by Yondu Udonta.  Oh, I'm sorry.  I didn't know how this machine worked.  What a bunch of a-holes.  Transport all four to the Kyln.  I guess most of Nova Corps
wanna uphold the laws,  but these ones here,
they're corrupt and cruel.  But, hey, that's not my problem.  I ain't gonna be here long.  I've escaped  prisons.
This one's no different.  You're lucky the broad showed up,  because otherwise, me and Groot  would be collecting that bounty
right now,  and you'd be getting
drawn and quartered  by Yondu and those Ravagers.  I've had a lot of folks
try to kill me over the years.  I ain't about to be brought down
by a tree and a talking raccoon.  Hold.  - What's a raccoon?
- "What's a raccoon?"  It's what you are, stupid.  Ain't no thing like me, except me.  So, this Orb has
a real shiny blue suitcase,  Ark of the Covenant,
Maltese Falcon sort of vibe.  - What is it?
- I am Groot.  So what? What's the Orb?  I have no words for an honorless thief.  Pretty high and mighty
coming from the lackey  of a genocidal maniac.  Yeah, I know who you are.  Anyone who's anyone
knows who you are.  Yeah, we know who you are.  - Who is she?
- I am Groot.  Yeah, you said that.  I wasn't retrieving the Orb for Ronan.  I was betraying him.  I had an agreement
to sell it to a third party.  I am Groot.  Well, that's just as fascinating
as the first  times you told me that.  What is wrong with Giving Tree, here?  Well, he don't know
talking good like me and you.  So his vocabulistics is limited
to "I" and "am" and "Groot."  Exclusively in that order.  I tell you what,
that's gonna wear real thin, real fast.  Hey.  Put that away.  Hey!  Listen to me, you big blue bastard.
Take those headphones off.  That's mine. Those belong to impound.  That tape and that player is mine!  Hooked on a Feeling,
Blue Swede, .  That song belongs to me!  - You first! You first!
- Murderer!  Coming for you first, Gamora!
You're dead!  You're scum! You're scum!  It's like I said,  she's got a rep.  A lot of prisoners here
have lost their families  to Ronan and his goons.  She'll last a day, tops.  Murderer!  The guards will protect her, right?  They're here to stop us from getting out.  They don't care
what we do to each other inside.  Whatever nightmares the future holds,  are dreams
compared to what's behind me.  Check out the new meat.  I'm gonna slather you up
in Gunavian jelly,  and go to town...  Let's make something clear.  This one here is our booty!  You wanna get to him,  YOU go through us!  Or, more accurately,  we go through you.  I'm with them.  I hate you.  No cell's gonna protect you for long.  You're dead!  Dead!  Take her down to the showers.  It'll be easier to clean up
the blood down there.  Quill, where you going?  Quill.  Quill!  Gamora, consider this a death sentence  for your crimes against the galaxy.  You dare?  You know who I am, yes?  You're Drax.  The Destroyer.  Quill!  And you know
why they call me this.  You slayed dozens of Ronan's minions.  Ronan murdered my wife, Ovette,  and my daughter, Camaria.  He slaughtered them where they stood.  And he laughed!  Quill?  Her life  is not yours to take.  He killed my family.  I shall kill one of his in return.  Of course, Drax. Here, I...  Quill! What are you doing?  I'm no family to Ronan or Thanos.  I'm your only hope at stopping him.  Ah!  Woman, your words
mean nothing to me!  - Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Hey!
- Oh, crap.  You know, if killing Ronan
is truly your sole purpose,  I don't think this is
the best way to go about it.  Are you not the man
this wench attempted to kill?  Well, I mean,
she's hardly the first woman  to try and do that to me.  Look, this is from
a smoking-hot Rajak girl.  Stabbed me with a fork.  Didn't like me skipping out on her
at sunrise.  I got, right here, a Kree girl
tried to rip out my thorax.  She caught me with
this skinny little A'askavariian  who worked in Nova Records.  I was trying to get information.  You ever see an A'askavariian?  They have tentacles,
and needles for teeth.  If you think I'm seriously interested
in that, then...  You don't care. But here's the point.  She betrayed Ronan.
He's coming back for her.  And when he does,  that's when you...  Why would I put
my finger on his throat?  What?  Oh, no, it's a symbol.  This is a symbol
for you slicing his throat.  I would not slice his throat.  I would cut his head clean off.  It's a general expression
for you killing somebody.  You've heard of this.
You've seen this, right?  - You know what that is.
- Yeah. Yeah.  - Everyone knows.
- No, no.  What I'm saying is,
you want to keep her alive.  Don't do his work for him.  I like your knife. I'm keeping it.  - That was my favorite knife.
- Listen!  I could care less
whether you live or whether you die.  - Then why stop the big guy?
- Simple.  You know where to sell my Orb.  How are we gonna sell it
when we and it are still here?  My friend Rocket, here,  has escaped  prisons.  Oh, we're getting out.  And then we're headed straight
to Yondu to retrieve your bounty.  How much was your buyer
willing to pay you for my Orb?  Four billion units.  - What?
- Holy shit.  That Orb is my opportunity to
get away from Thanos and Ronan.  If you free us,  I'll lead you to the buyer directly  and I'll split the profit
between the three of us.  I am Groot.  Four of us.  Asleep for the danger,
awake for the money,  as per frickin' usual.  You have been betrayed, Ronan.  We know only that
she has been captured.  Gamora may yet recover the Orb.  No! Our sources within the Kyln say
Gamora has her own plans for the Orb.  Look, your partnership with Thanos  is at risk.  Thanos requires your presence. Now!  With all due respect, Thanos,
your daughter made this mess,  and yet you summon me.  I would lower my voice, Accuser.  First, she lost a battle
with some primitive.  Thanos put Gamora under your charge.  Then she was apprehended
by the Nova Corps.  You are the one here
with nothing to show for it.  Your sources say that she meant
to betray us the whole time!  Lower your tone!  I may be your...  I only ask that you take
this matter seriously.  The only matter
I do not take seriously, boy,  is you.  Your politics bore me.  Your demeanor is that of a pouty child.  And, apparently, you alienated
my favorite daughter, Gamora.  I shall honor our agreement, Kree,  if you bring me the Orb.  But return to me again empty-handed,  and I will bathe the starways
in your blood.  Thanks, Dad. Sounds fair.  This is one fight you won't win.  Let's head to the Kyln.  If we're gonna get out of here,  we're gonna need to
get into that watchtower.  And to do that,
I'm gonna need a few things.  The guards wear security bands  to control their ins and outs. I need one.  Leave it to me.  That dude, there.
I need his prosthetic leg.  His leg?
Yeah.  God knows I don't need the rest of him.
Look at him, he's useless.  All right.  And finally, on the wall back there
is a black panel. Blinky yellow light.  - Do you see it?
- Yeah.  There's a quarnyx battery behind it.
Purplish box, green wires.  To get into that watchtower,
I definitely need it.  How are we supposed to do that?  Well, supposably,
these bald-bodies find you attractive.  So, maybe you can work out
some sort of trade.  You must be joking.  No, I really heard
they find you attractive.  Look, it's  feet up in the air,  and it's in the middle of the most
heavily-guarded part of the prison.  It's impossible to get up there
without being seen.  I got one plan,  and that plan requires
a frickin' quarnyx battery,  so figure it out!  Oh!  Can I get back to it? Thanks.  Now, this is important.  Once the battery is removed,  everything is gonna slam
into emergency mode.  Once we have it, we gotta move quickly,  so you definitely need to get that last.  Or we could just get it first
and improvise.  - I'll get the armband.
- Leg.  GUARD'. Prisoner,  drop the device immediately
and retreat to your cell,  or we will open fire.  lam  Groot!  Fire!  All prisoners return
to your sleeping areas.  You idiot!  How am I supposed to fight
these things without my stuff?  The animal is in control.  Fire on my command!  Creepy little beast!  Oh, yeah.  You need my what?  - l’II need this.
- Good luck.  It's internally wired.  I'll figure something out.  Drop the leg!  Drop the leg
and move back to your cell!  Rocket!  Move to the watchtower!  You!  Man who has lain with an A'askavariian!  It was one time, man.  We need all available guards
in full combat gear...  Whoa!  %THUDS)  Spare me your foul gaze, woman.  Why is this one here?  We promised him he could stay
by your side until he kills your boss.  I always keep my promises,  when they're
to muscle-bound whack-jobs  who will kill me if I don't. Here you go.  Oh, I was just kidding about the leg.  I just need these two things.  - What?
- No, I thought it'd be funny.  Was it funny?  Oh, wait, what did he look like
hopping around?  I had to transfer him , units!  How are we going to leave?  Well, he's got a plan.  Right? Or is that
another thing you made up?  I have a plan! I have a plan!  Cease your yammering  and relieve us
from this irksome confinement.  Yeah, I'll have to agree
with the walking thesaurus  on that one.  Do not ever call me a thesaurus.  It's just a metaphor, dude.  His people are completely literal.
Metaphors are gonna go over his head.  Nothing goes over my head.  My reflexes are too fast. I would catch it.  I'm gonna die surrounded by
the biggest idiots in the galaxy.  Those are some big guns.  On my command!  Number one!  Rodent, we are ready for your plan.  Hold on!  Number two!  I recognize this animal.  We'd roast them over a flame pit
as children.  Their flesh was quite delicious.  Not helping!  Number three!  All fire on my command!  Three!  Two!  One!  He turned off the artificial gravity,  everywhere but in here.  I told you I had a plan.  That was a pretty good plan.  Huh?  Yeah! There it is. Get my ship.  It's the Milano, the orange and blue one
over in the corner.  They crumpled my pants up into a ball.  That's rude! They folded yours.  The Orb's there. Let's go.  - Wait, wait, wait.
- What?  That bastard didn't put it back.  - Put what back?
- Here.  Get them to the ship. I will be right back.  - How are you gonna possibly...
- Just keep the Milano close by.  Go.  Go!  Ah, my neck!  Well,
how's he gonna get to us?  He declined to share
that information with me.  Well, screw this, then!  I ain't waiting around
for some humie with a death wish.  You got the Orb, right?  Yes.  If we don't leave now,
we will be blown to bits.  No!  We're not leaving without the Orb.  Behold.  This one shows spirit.  He shall make a keen ally
in the battle against Ronan.  Companion, what were you retrieving?  You're an imbecile.  Whoa, whoa, whoa.  Yo, Ranger Rick! What are you doing?  You can't take apart my ship
without asking me!  - See, what is this?
- Don't touch that!  It's a bomb.  - A bomb?
- Yup.  And you leave it lying around?  I was gonna put it in a box.  What's a box gonna do?  - How about this one?
- No! Whoa. Hey!  - Leave it alone.
- Why? What is it?  - Shut up.
- Hey!  What is that?  That's for if things get really hardcore.  Or if you wanna blow up moons.  No one's blowing up moons.  You just wanna suck the joy
out of everything.  So, listen, I'm gonna need
your buyer's coordinates.  We're heading in the right direction.
For now.  If we're gonna work together,
you might try trusting me a little bit.  And how much do you trust me?  I'd trust you a lot more
if you told me what this was.  Because I'm guessing
it's some kind of weapon.  I don't know what it is.  If it's a weapon,
we should use it against Ronan.  Put it down, you fool.
You'll destroy us all.  Or just you, murderess!  I let you live once, princess!  - I am not a princess!
- Hey!  Nobody is killing anybody on my ship!  We're stuck together
until we get the money.  I have no interest in money.  Great.  That means more money
for the three of us.  Mmm?  For the four of us.  Partners.  We have an agreement,  but I would never be partners
with the likes of you.  I'll tell the buyer we're on our way.  And Quill, your ship is filthy.  Oh, she has no idea.  If I had a black light,  the place would look like
a Jackson Pollock painting.  You got issues, Quill.  I swear.
I don't know where they went! I swear.  If he knew
where they were headed,  he would have already told us.  Yeah.  Ronan,  the Nova Corps sent a fleet
to defend the prison.  Well, then,  send Necrocraft
to every corner of the quadrant.  Find the Orb. Any means, any price.  And this place?  The Nova can't know what we're after.  Cleanse it!  Do you got any other
cute little buggers like this one?  I like to stick 'em all in a row
on my control console.  I can't tell if you're joking or not.  He's being fully serious.  In that case, I can show you...  But first, you gonna tell me
what this Orb is,  and why everybody cares
so damn much about it.  And then you gonna tell me,  who out there might wanna buy it.  Sir, the high-end community is a...  The high-end community is a...  It's a tight-knit...  Tight-knit...  The high-end community
is a very tight-knit...  I cannot possibly betray  the confidentiality of my buyers!  Now, who again is this buyer of yours?  Carina.  Yes, Master.  Your people do have elbows,
do they not?  We do, Master.  Then use them.  I don't have to remind you  what happened to the last attendant
who disappointed me.  Do I?  Chop, chop.
Our guests will be here soon.  Heads up! We're inbound.  Whoa.  What is it?  It's called Knowhere.  The severed head
of an ancient celestial being.  Be wary headed in, rodent.  There are no regulations
whatsoever here.  Hundreds of years ago,
the Tivan Group sent workers in  to mine the organic matter
within the skull.  Bone, brain tissue, spinal fluid.  All rare resources, highly valued
in black markets across the galaxy.  It's dangerous and illegal work,
suitable only for outlaws.  Well, I come from a planet of outlaws.  Billy the Kid,  Bonnie and Clyde, John Stamos.  It sounds like a place,
which I would like to visit.  Yeah, you should.  Excuse me.  - Watch your wallets.
- Can you spare any units?  Get out of here.  Your buyer's in there?  We are to wait here
for his representative.  Get out of here!  This is no respectable establishment.  What do you expect us to do
while we wait?  Yes! Yes!  Whoa!  Yahoo!  My Orloni has won,  as I won at all things!  Now, let's put more of this liquid
into our bodies.  That's the first thing you said
that wasn't bat-shit crazy!  Man, you wouldn't believe
what they charge for fuel out here.  I might actually lose money on this job.  My connection is making us wait.  It's just a negotiation tactic.
Trust me, this is my specialty.  Where yours is more,  "Stab, stab. Those are my terms."  My father didn't stress diplomacy.  Thanos?  He's not my father.  When Thanos took my home world,  he killed my parents in front of me.  He tortured me,  turned me into a weapon.  When he said he was going to destroy
an entire planet for Ronan,  I couldn't stand by and...  Why would you risk your life for this?  My mother gave it to me.  My mom liked sharing with me all the
pop songs that she loved growing up.  I happened to have it on me,  when I was...  The day that she...  You know, when I left Earth.  What do you do with it?  Do? Nothing. You listen to it.
Or you can dance.  I'm a warrior and an assassin.
I do not dance.  Really?  On my planet,
there's a legend about people like you.  It's called  Footloose.  And in it, a great hero  named Kevin Bacon,  teaches an entire city full of people with
sticks up their butts that dancing, well...  It's the greatest thing there is.  Who put the sticks up their butts?  What? No, that's just a...  - That is cruel.
- It's just a phrase  people use.  The melody is pleasant!  - No!
- Ow! What the hell?  I know who you are, Peter Quill!  And I am not some starry-eyed waif
here to succumb to your...  Your pelvic sorcery!  That is not what is happening here.  Oh, no.  Stop it!  Whoa, whoa, what are you doing?  This vermin speaks of affairs
he knows nothing about!  - That is true!
- He has no respect!  - That is also true!
- Hold on! Hold on!  Keep calling me
vermin, tough guy!  You just wanna laugh at me
like everyone else!  Rocket, you're drunk. All right?
No one's laughing at you.  He thinks I'm some stupid thing!
He does!  Well, I didn't ask to get made!  I didn't ask to be torn apart,  and put back together, over and over  and turned into some...  Some little monster!  Rocket, no one's calling you a monster.  He called me "vermin"!  She called me "rodent"!  Let's see if you can laugh  after five or six good shots
to your frickin' face!  No, no, no, no!  Four billion units! Rocket!  Come on, man. Hey!  Suck it up for one more lousy night  and you're rich.  Fine.  But I can't promise, when all this is over  I'm not gonna kill
every last one of you jerks.  See? That's exactly why
none of you have any friends!  Five seconds after you meet somebody,
you're already trying to kill them!  We have traveled,
halfway across the quadrant.  And Ronan is no closer to being dead.  - Drax!
- Let him go.  We don't need him.  Milady Gamora.  I'm here to fetch you for my master.  Okay, this isn't creepy at all.  We house the galaxy's
largest collection  of fauna, relics,
and species of all manner.  I present to you,  Taneleer Tivan, The Collector.  Oh, my dear Gamora.  How wonderful to meet in the flesh.  Let's bypass the formalities, Tivan.  We have what we discussed.  What is that thing there?  I am Groot.  I never thought I'd meet a Groot.  Sir...  You must allow me to pay you now
so that I may own your carcass.  At the moment of your death, of course.  I am Groot.  Why, so he could turn you
into a frickin' chair?  That's your pet?  - His what?
- Tivan.  We have been halfway
around the galaxy, retrieving this Orb.  Very well, then.  Let us see what you brought.  Three quarnyx batteries,
seven cases of Cotati seeds.  No, cases. Last time, you sent me...  Uh...  You shall send a message for me.  Oh, my new friends.  Before creation itself,  there were six singularities.  Then the universe exploded
into existence,  and the remnants of these systems  were forged into concentrated ingots.  Infinity Stones.  These stones, it seems,  can only be brandished  by beings of extraordinary strength.  Observe.  These carriers can use the Stone
to mow down entire civilizations  like wheat in a field.  There's a little pee
coming out of me right now.  Once, for a moment,  a group was able to share
the energy amongst themselves,  but even they
were quickly destroyed by it.  Beautiful.  Beyond compare.  Blah, blah, blah.  We're all very fascinated, whitey.
But we'd like to get paid.  How would you like to get paid?  What do you think,
fancy man? Units!  Very well, then.  Carina.  Stand back.  I will no longer be your slave!  No!  What the...  How could I think Tivan could contain
whatever was within the Orb?  What do you still have it for?  What are we gonna do,
leave it in there?  I can't believe you had that
in your purse!  It's not a purse, it's a knapsack!  We have to bring this
to the Nova Corps.  There's a chance they can contain it.  Are you kidding me?  We're wanted by the Nova Corps.
Just give it to Ronan!  So he can destroy the galaxy?  What are you,
some saint all of a sudden?  What has the galaxy ever done for you?
Why would you wanna save it?  Because I'm one of the idiots
who lives in it!  Peter, listen to me.  We cannot allow the Stone
to fall into Ronan's hands.  We have to go back to your ship,  and deliver it to Nova.  Right, right, okay. I think you're right.  Or we could give it to somebody
who's not going to arrest us,  who's really nice  for a whole lot of money.  I think it's a really good balance
between both of your points of view.  You're despicable.  Dishonorable.  Faithless!  - Oh, no.
- At last!  I shall meet my foe and destroy him.  You called Ronan?  Quill! Don't you move, boy!  Don't you move! Get out of the way!  Ronan the Accuser!  You are the one
who transmitted the message?  You killed my Wife.  You killed my daughter!  I told you, you can't fit.
Now, wait here. I'll be back.  It is Gamora.
She is escaping with the Orb.  No!  Nebula,  retrieve the Orb.  The Stone
is in the furthest pod.  Bring it down!  Ah!  Rocket, keep them off Gamora
until she gets to the Milano.  How? We've got
no weaponry on these things.  These pods are industrial grade.  They're nearly indestructible.  Not against necroblasts, they're not.  That's not what I'm saying.  Oh!  Let me borrow your ride.  I don't recall killing your family.  I doubt I'll remember killing you, either.  Quill, I'm trapped.
I can't make it to the Milano.  I have to head out.  Wait! These things
aren't meant to go out there.  You are a disappointment, sister.  Of all our siblings,  I hated you least.  Nebula, please.  If Ronan gets this stone  - he'll kill us all.
- Not all.  You will already be dead.  Ronan, it is done.  ROCKET". Quill, come on.  Her body mods should keep her alive
a couple more minutes,  but there's nothing we can do for her.  These pods
aren't meant to be out here.  In a second, we're gonna be
in the same boat.  Aw, damn it.  ROCKET'. Quill?  Yondu! Yondu.  This is Quill!  - My coordinates are K.
- Quill.  Quill, what are you doing?  Just outside Knowhere.  If you're there, come get me.  I'm all yours.  ROCKET". Quill, don't be ridiculous.  Get back into your pod!  You can't fit two people in there.
You're gonna die.  You'll die in seconds!  Quill.  Quill?  What happened?  I saw you out there.  I don't know what came over me.  But I couldn't let you die.  I found something inside of myself.  Something  incredibly heroic.  I mean, not to brag,  but, objectively...  Where's the Orb?  It's... Well, they got the Orb.  What?  Welcome home, Peter.  Blasted idiot. They're all idiots!  Quill just got himself captured.  None of this ever would have happened
if you didn't try to single-handedly  take on a frickin' army!  You're right.  I was a fool.  All the anger,  all the rage,  was just to cover my loss.  Oh, boo-hoo-hoo.
"My wife and child are dead."  Oh, I don't care if it's mean!  Everybody's got dead people.  It's no excuse to get everybody else  dead along the way!  Come on, Groot. Ronan has the Stone.  The only chance we got is
to get to the other side of the universe  as fast as we can and maybe,  just maybe, we'll be able to live full lives
before that whack-job ever gets there.  I am Groot.  Save them? How?  I am Groot.  I know they're the only friends
that we ever had,  but there's an army
of Ravagers around them.  And there's only two of us!  Three.  Aw!  You're making me  beat...up  grass!  The Orb is in my possession,  as I promised.  Bring it to me.  Yes, that was our agreement.  Bring you the Orb,  and you will destroy Xandar for me.  However, now that I know
it contains an Infinity Stone,  I wonder what use I have for you.  BOY,  I would reconsider your current course.  Master! You cannot!  Thanos is the most powerful being
in the universe.  Not anymore.  You call me "boy!"  I will unfurl , years of Kree justice
on Xandar,  and burn it to its core!  Then, Thanos,  I am coming for you.  After Xandar,
you are going to kill my father?  You dare to oppose me?  You see what he has turned me into.  If you kill him, I will help you
destroy a thousand planets.  You betray me?  Steal my money?  Stop it! Leave him alone!  When I picked you up as a kid,  these boys wanted to eat you.  They ain't never tasted Terran before.  I saved your life!  Oh, will you shut up about that? God!  Twenty years, you been
throwing that in my face,  like it's some great thing, not eating me.  Normal people don't even think
about eating someone else!  Much less that person
having to be grateful for it!  You abducted me, man.  You stole me from my home
and from my family.  You don't give a damn
about your Terra!  You're scared  because you're soft in here.  Here, right here!  Yondu!  Listen to me.  Ronan has something
called an Infinity Stone.  I know what he's got, girl.  Then you know we must get it back!  He's gonna use it to wipe out Xandar.  We have to warn them.
Billions of people will perish.  Is that what she's been
filling your head with, boy?  Sentiment?  Eating away your brain like maggots!  That's it.  No!  But a captain's gotta teach his men
what happens to those what cross him.  Captain's gotta teach stuff!  If you kill me now,  you are saying goodbye to
the biggest score you have ever seen.  The Stone?  I hope you got something
better than that.  Because ain't nobody stealing
from Ronan.  We got a ringer.  Is that right?  She knows everything
there is to know about Ronan.  His ships,  his army.  He's vulnerable.  Hey, what do you say, Yondu, huh?  Me and you, taking down a mark
side-by-side, like the old days.  Let him go!  You always did have a scrote, boy!  That's why I kept you on as a young'un.  Captain, the shot was non-damaging.  Attention, idiots.  The lunatic on top of this craft
is holding a Hadron Enforcer.  It's a weapon of my own design.  What the hell?  If you don't hand over
our companions now,  he's gonna tear your ship a new one.  A very big new one!  - I ain't buyin' it.
- I'm giving you to the count of five.  -, , ...
- No! Wait, hold on!  Rocket, it's me, for God sakes!  We figured it out! We're fine!  ROCKET". Oh, hey, Quill.
What's going on?  You call that "figured it out"?  We're gonna rob the guys
who just beat us senseless.  Oh, you want to talk about senseless?  How about trying to save us
by blowing us up?  We were only gonna blow you up
if they didn't turn you over!  And how on earth
were they gonna turn us over  when you only gave them
a count of five?  We didn't have time
to work out the minutiae  of the plan.  This is what we get
for acting altruistically.  - I am Groot.
- They are ungrateful.  What's important now  is we get the Ravagers' army  to help us save Xandar.  So we can give the Stone to Yondu  who's just gonna sell
to somebody even worse?  We'll figure that part out later.  We have to stop Ronan.  How?  I have a plan.  You've got a plan?  Yes.  First of all, you're copying me from  - when I said I had a plan.
- No, I'm not.  People say that all the time.
It's not that unique of a thing to say.  Secondly, I don't even
believe you have a plan.  I have part of a plan!  What percentage of a plan
do you have?  You don't get to ask questions  after the nonsense
you pulled on Knowhere.  I just saved Quill.  We've already established  that you destroying the ship
that I'm on is not saving me.  - When did we establish it?
- Like three seconds ago!  I wasn't listening.
I was thinking of something else.  She's right. You don't get an opinion.  What percentage?  I don't know. Twelve percent.  Twelve percent?  That's a fake laugh.  - It's real!
- Totally fake.  That is the most real, authentic,
hysterical laugh of my entire life  because that is not a plan.  It's barely a concept.  You're taking their side?  I am Groot.  So what, it's better than %?  What the hell does that
have to do with anything?  Thank you, Groot. Thank you.  See? Groot's the only one of you
who has a clue.  Guys.  Come on.  Yondu is gonna be here in two seconds.  He expects to hear this big plan of ours.  I need your help.  I look around at us.  You know what I see?  Losers.  I mean, like,  folks who have lost stuff.  And we have. Man, we have. All of us.  Our homes,  our families,  normal lives.  And, usually, life takes more
than it gives. But not today.  Today, it's given us something.  It has given us a chance.  To do what?  To give a shit.  For once.  Not run away.  I, for one, am not gonna
stand by and watch  as Ronan wipes out
billions of innocent lives.  But, Quill, stopping Ronan,  it's impossible.  You're asking us to die.  Yeah, I guess I am.  Quill.  I have lived most my life
surrounded by my enemies.  I will be grateful
to die among my friends.  You are an honorable man, Quill.  I will fight beside you.  And in the end,  I will see my wife and daughter again.  I am Groot.  Oh, what the hell.
I don't got that long a lifespan, anyway.  Now I'm standing. Y'all happy?  We're all standing up now.  Bunch of jackasses,
standing in a circle.  The Stone reacts
to anything organic.  The bigger the target,
the bigger the power surge.  All Ronan's got to do is touch the Stone
to the planet's surface and zap.  All plants, animals,  - Nova Corps.
- Everything will die.  So Ronan does not make the surface.  Rocket will lead a team
to blow a hole  in the Dark Aster's starboard hull.  Then, our craft and Yondu's will enter.  Won't there be
hundreds of Sakaaran soldiers inside?  I think of Sakaaran as paper people.  Once they know we're on board,  Ronan will isolate himself behind
impenetrable security doors on deck.  Which I can disable
by dismantling the power source.  PETER". We'll make it to the flight deck,  and I'll use the Hadron Enforcer
to kill Ronan.  Once Ronan is dead,
we will retrieve the Stone.  Use these devices to contain it.  If you touch it,  it will kill you.  I'll contact
one of the Nova officers  who arrested us.  Hopefully, they'll believe
we're there to help.  There's one more thing
we need to complete the plan.  That guy's eye.  No! No, we don't. No, we don't need  that guy's eye.  No, seriously, I need it!
It's important to me.  Ronan's fleet has been spotted,  and will arrive in T-minus  fifteen minutes.  Remember, boy.  At the end of all this,  I get the Stone.  You cross me, we kill you all.  Let's go get 'em, boys!  This is a terrible plan.  Hey, you're the one who said
you wanted to die among friends.  Nova Prime.  I received a transmission  from one of the Ravagers.  He says Ronan's in possession of
something called an Infinity Stone  and he's headed toward Xandar.  Good God.  It's a trick. He's a criminal.  Did he say
why we should believe him?  He said his crew
just escaped from prison  so he'd have no other reason
to risk coming to Xandar to help.  He says that he's an  "a-hole."  But he's not,  and I'm quoting him, here,  "% a dick."  Do you believe him?  I don't know that I believe anyone
is % a dick, ma'am.  I mean, do you believe
that he is here to help?  Yeah.  A fleet approaches.  They appear to be Ravagers.  Fire!  Cover it down.  Submerge!  Rocket, hurry!  All pilots, dive!  They're beneath us!  Evacuate the city.  Our priority is to get our people
away from the battle.  Forward thrust, now!  Come on!  Quill! Yondu! Now!  AW, hell!  l’m going down, Quill!  No more games with me, boy!  I'll see you  at the end of this!  There are too many of them, Rocket!  We'll never make it up there!  Peter Quill.  This is Denarian Saal
of the Nova Corps.  For the record,
I advised against trusting you here.  They got my "dick" message!  Prove me wrong.  Yes!  Yes!  We're just like Kevin Bacon.  The starboard kern has been breached!  We have been boarded.  Continue our approach.  But the Nova Corps have engaged.  None of that will matter
once we reach the surface.  Seal security doors!  Now!  Get out of my way!  Oh, man.  All Nova pilots,
interlock and form a blockade.  The Dark Aster
must not reach the ground.  NOVA CORPS PILOT  Locked in!  NOVA CORPS PILOT  Locked in.  We're locked in.  I can barely see.  When did you learn to do that?  Pretty sure the answer is  "I am Groot."  The flight deck is  meters this way.  I want you all to know that I am grateful
for your acceptance after my blunders.  It is pleasing to once again have  friends.  You, Quill, are my friend.  Thanks.  - This dumb tree, he is my friend.
- Mmm.  And this green whore, she, too...  Oh, you must stop!  Gamora, look at what you have done.  You have always been weak.  You stupid, traitorous...  Nobody talks to my friends like that.  Head to the flight deck.  I'll shut down the power
to the security doors.  Yondu Udonta.  Order your men
to turn on the Nova Corps.  Enough nonsense, Ravager!  Time to die...  Nebula, please.  Enough of this. Necrocraft pilots,  enact immolation initiative.  They're dive-bombing the city!  Denarian Saal,
should we break formation?  No! Hold your positions.  Keep Ronan up there, Saal.  We'll take care of the people
down here.  I can't believe
I'm taking orders from a hamster.  Star-Lord.  Finally.  Ah!  You thief!  You will never make it to Ronan.  Everybody shoot them
before they hit the ground.  Come on!  Finger to the throat means death.  Metaphor.  Yeah, sorta.  Oh, no.  Xandar!  You stand accused.  Your wretched peace treaty will not  save you now.  It is the tinder on which you burn.  Rocket!  Hold on, Saal, just...  Quill, you gotta hurry.  The city's been evacuated,  but we're getting our asses
kicked down here.  Gamora hasn't opened the door!  Nebula!  Sister, help us fight Ronan.  You know he's crazy.  I know you're both crazy.  No!  - What the...?
- Ah!  Get out!  You did it!  I was mistaken.  I do remember your family.  Their screams were  pitiful. I...  No, Groot!  You can't.  You'll die.  Why are you doing this?  Why'?  We  are  Groot.  I called him an idiot.  You killed Groot!  Behold!  Your guardians of the galaxy.  What fruit have they wrought?  Only that my father and his father  shall finally know vengeance.  People of Xandar,  the time has come  to rejoice and renounce  your paltry gods!  Your salvation is at hand.  Listen to these words.  Now bring it down hard!  What are you doing?  Dance-off, bro. Me and you.  Gamora.  Subtle. Take it back.  What are you doing?  I'm distracting you,
you big turd blossom.  No!  Peter! Take my hand!  Take my hand, Peter.  Mom.  GAMORA". Take my hand!  You're mortal!  How?  You said it yourself, bitch.  We're the Guardians of the Galaxy.  Well, Well, Well.  Quite the light show.  Ain't this sweet.  But you got some business to attend to  before all the nookie-nookie starts.  Peter, you can't. Peter.  You gotta reconsider this, Yondu.  I don't know who you're selling this to,  but the only way
the universe can survive  is if you give it to the Nova Corps.  I may be as pretty as an angel,  but I sure as hell ain't one.  Hand it over, son.  Yondu.  Do not open that Orb.
You know that, right?  You've seen what it does to people.  Yeah, Quill turned out okay.  It's probably good
we didn't deliver him to his dad  like we was hired to do.  Yeah, that guy was a jackass.  He is gonna be so pissed when he
realizes I switched out the Orb on him.  He was gonna kill you, Peter.  Oh, I know.  But he was about the only family I had.  No.  He wasn't.  PETER'. Why would you
even know this?  When we arrested you, we noticed
an anomaly in your nervous system,  so we had it checked out.  I'm not Terran?  You are half Terran.  Your mother was of Earth.
Your father, well,  he's something very ancient
we've never seen here before.  That could be why you were able  to hold the Stone for as long as you did.  Your friends have arrived.  On behalf of the Nova Corps,  we'd like to express
our profound gratitude  for your help in saving Xandar.  If you will follow Denarian Dey,  he has something to show you.  Thank you, Nova Prime.  Your wife and child shall rest well
knowing that you have avenged them.  Yes.  Of course, Ronan was only a puppet.  It's really Thanos I need to kill.  We tried to keep it as close
to the original as possible.  We salvaged as much as we could.  Wow.  I...  Thank you.  I have a family.  They're alive because of you.  Your criminal records
have also been expunged.  However, I have to warn you against
breaking any laws in the future.  Question.  What if I see something
that I want to take,  and it belongs to someone else?  You will be arrested.  But what if I want it more
than the person who has it?  - It's still illegal.
- That doesn't follow.  No, I want it more, sir.
Do you understand?  What are you laughing at?  Why? I can't have a discussion
with this gentleman?  What if someone
does something irksome  and I decide to remove his spine?  That's...  That's actually murder.  It's one of the worst crimes of all.  So...also illegal.  Hmm.  They'll be fine, Dey.  I'm gonna keep an eye on 'em.  You?  Yeah. Me.  Peter,  I know these last few months
have been hard for you.  But I'm going to a better place.  And I will be okay.  And I will always be with you.  You are the light of my life.  My precious son.  My little Star-Lord.  Love, Mom.  So, what should we do next?  Something good?  Something bad?  A bit Of both?  We'll follow your lead, Star-Lord.  Bit of both.  What do you let it
lick you like that for?  Gross.  Yeah!  But it burns going down.
