MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: "BE MINE" LOLLIPOPS
 Categories: Candies, Valentine
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Text only
 
  Source: Better Homes and Gardens, Febuary 1998 Prep time: 20 minutes
  Cook: 6 to 8 minutes
  
  2 1/2 to 3 1/2-inch round or heart-shaped metal cookie cutters 8 oz.
  assorted red, pink, and/or clearhard candies 35 to 60 (2 to 3 oz.)
  assorted small decorative candies, such as red cinnamon candies,
  small nonpareils, colored candy hearts, spice drops, and gumdrops
  Edible rose petals or other flower petals (optional) Lollipop sticks
  
  Place unwrapped hard candies in a heavy plastic bag, then place bag
  on top of folded towel and crush candies into small chunks wiht meat
  mallet or small hammer.
  
  Make only three or four lollipops at one time.  Line a baking sheet
  with foil.  Place desired cookie cutters on foil, at least 2 inches
  apart. Divide crushed candies evenly among cutters, approximately 1
  1/2 to 2 tablespoons per lollipop.  Candy layer should be 1/4 to 1/2
  inch thick. Add small decorative candies or edible rose or other
  flower petals to crushed candies.  (If using flower petals, make sure
  they are covered with a layer of the crushed candy.)
  
  Bake in a 350 degree oven for 6 to 8 minutes or till candies are
  completely melted.  Col 30 seconds.  Remove cookie cutters with
  tongs, allowing melted candy to spread slightly.
  
  Quickly attach a stick to base of each lollipop, twisting the stick to
  cover lollipop end with melted candy.  If desired, press more small
  candies or flower petals into hot lolipops.  Cool.  Peel foil from
  lollipops. Makes 8
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: "BLUE" FETTUCCINE
 Categories: Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 oz Danish blue cheese or 8 oz.
           Danish blue Castello cheese,
           Chilled
    1/4 c  Marinated, dried tomatoes
      8 oz Green fettuccine or spinach
           Egg noodles
      2 tb Minced shallots
      1    Garlic clove, minced
      2 tb Dry white wine
  1 1/2 ts Finely chopped fresh basil,
           Or 1/2 tsp. dried basil
    1/4 c  Chopped fresh parsley
 
  On waxed paper, divide cheese into 10 - 12 pieces; set aside.  Drain
  oil from marinated tomatoes, reserving 1 tablespoon.  Cut tomatoes
  into thin strips and reserve. Prepare fettuccine according to package
  directions until al dente; drain and return to pot. Meanwhile, in
  small skillet over
  
  medium heat, heat reserved oil; add shallots and garlic. Saute until
  shallots are limp but not brown. Add wine, basil and reserved
  tomatoes. Heat through and keep hot. Add mixture to pasta; toss. Add
  cheese and parsley; toss again to melt cheese. Serve immediately on
  heated plates. Typed in MMFormat by Cindy Hartlin. Source: Woman's
  Day Meals in Minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: "FOOLPROOF" SOURDOUGH STARTER
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
      1 c  Yogurt
      1 c  Milk
           -skim, reg or buttermilk
      1 c  Flour
 
  Mix the milk and yogurt together in a glass, pottery or plastic
  container.(NOT metal) Keep a lid on it, but don't seal it. (sealed
  starters have been known to explode!)  Put this where the temperature
  will be 80-90F for about 24 hours.  Then add the flour and put it
  back in the warm place for 3-5 days. Stir it daily.  It will bubble
  and have the odor of fermentation. It's ready to use.
  
  A starter is a live thing and must be fed.  When you use it you should
  replace what you used.  The amount you should replace will vary
  according to need. If you use your starter often or you know you are
  going to have a heavy demand soon, then you can put several cups of
  milk and flour (equal measures) in it. Generally though you should
  put in either 1/2 C to 1 C of both flour and milk.  I prefer to use
  buttermilk, as it gives the starter a much stronger sour taste.  If
  you are not going to use the starter for awhile, place it in the
  refrigerator. It needs to be fed once a week...just a few spoons
  flour or milk. If you forget and leave it in there for a long time
  without food, don't just throw it out. Try first to bring it back by
  adding 1/2c of flour and milk and leave out for a day or so.  It is
  remarkable how these things come back.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: "GRILLED" APPLE CRISP
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Barbecue
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
     21 oz Pie filling, apple or Cherry
    1/3 c  Sugar, brown; packed
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 pk Cake mix, yellow (18.5 oz)
           -approx. 2 cups
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine; cut in
           -this slices
           Whipped topping or ice cream
 
    1. Spray 9-inch baking pan with PAM.  Pour pie filling into 9-inch
  baking pan.  Sprinkle with brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and lemon
  juice.
   Sprinkle cake mix over pie filling to cover.  Dot with butter slices.
    2. Preheat grill on medium for 10 minutes, then turn left side of
  grill off and invert a baking pan on left cooking grid. Place baking
  pan on inverted pan. Close lid and bake 55-65 minutes, or until
  browned and bubbly.
    3. Let stand until warm.  Serve topped with whipped topping or ice
  cream.
   Pat Empson 05/24 11:32 am
         FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 05/24 12:03 PM
  
  TO:      PAT EMPSON   (PFXX29A) FROM: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) SUBJECT:
  MM-MORE APPLES This is absolutely the best apple cake that I have
  ever had, or made! `
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: "GRILLED" GLAZED TUNA STEAKS
 Categories: Seafood, Microwave
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Dry Sherry
      1 tb Minced Gingerroot
      1 tb Low Sodium Soy Sauce
      1 ts Honey
      1 cl Garlic Minced
      1 lb Tuna Steaks Cut Into 4
           Pieces
 
  Combine Sherry, Gingerroot, Soy Sauce, Honey & Garlic in A 1 Cup Glass
  Measure.  Microwave Uncovered At High 1 Min. OR Until Mixture Boils.
  Cool Slightly. Place Tuna in An 11 X 7 X 1 1/2 in. Baking Dish. Pour
  Marinade Over tuna.  Cover & Chill 2 Hours.  Remove Tuna From
  Marinade, Reserving Marinade. Preheat A 10 Inch. Browning Skillet At
  High For 8 Min. Arrange Tuna On Hot Browning Skillet With Thickest
  Portions To The outside. Microwave Uncovered At High For 2 Min. Turn
  Steaks Over & Baste With Marinade.  Microwave At High For 1 1/2 To 2
  Min. Let Stand Covered 2 Min. Serve Immediately With Warm Marinade.
  (May Also Grill Outdoors.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: "IRISH COFFEE" PUDDING
 Categories: Irish, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6    Eggs
      8 oz Sugar
      1 c  Very strong coffee
  1 1/2 oz Powdered gelatine
    1/3 c  Irish whiskey*
     10 fl Whipping cream
      3 oz Crushed walnuts
 
  *You can also use Irish Mist.  -- Separate the yolks from the whites
  of eggs.  In a bowl, cream with yolks with the sugar.  Heat the
  coffee until hot but not boiling:  add the gelatine and dissolve it
  in the coffee. Add this mixture to the yolks and sugar.  Beat well
  and put the bowl over a pot of boiling water.  Continue beating until
  mixture begins to thicken. remove from heat, and when the bowl has
  cooled a little, place it over cracked ice and continue stirring.
  When the mixture is on the point of setting, whip the cream and fold
  it in. Add the whiskey or Irish Mist. Lastly, fold in the well-beaten
  egg whites. Pour into a souffle dish that has a double thickness of
  parchment paper tied around it:  the paper should come up 3 inches
  above the top of the souffle dish.  Oil a jam-jar or bottle and press
  it down into the center of the pudding.  Leave to set. Remove the
  paper collar by easing around the circumference with a knife dipped
  in hot water.  Remove the jar or bottle, and fill the center with: 1
  cup heavy cream, whipped, sweetened with 1 T granulated sugar. You
  can also decorate the exposed sides of the pudding with crushed
  walnuts, pressed on with the palm of your hand.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: "LAND OF NOD" CINNAMON BUNS
 Categories: Pickell, Breads, Quick, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
     20    Frozen Dough Rolls
      1 c  Brown Sugar
    1/4 c  Vanilla Instant Pudding
      1 tb Cinnamon (up to 2 Tbsp)
    3/4 c  Raisins, Plumped
    1/4 c  Butter, Melted (up to 1/2 C)
 
  Before you put the cat out and turn off the lights, grease a 10"
  bundt pan and add the frozen rolls. Mix the brown sugar, dry pudding
  powder and cinnamon. Sprinkle over the rolls. Sprinkle the plumped
  raisins ontop. Pour the melted butter or margarine over all. Cover
  with a clean, damp cloth. (Leave out at room temperature). Turn out
  the lights and say Good Night. In the morning preheat the oven to
  350F and bake for 25 minutes. Let sit for 5 minutes and then turn out
  on a serving plate. Now Enjoy!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: "SOME LIKE IT HOT" CHEESE BALL
 Categories: Appetizers, Mine, Spicy
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 oz Softened Cream Cheese
      2 c  Grated Chedder Cheese
      1 tb Grated Onion
      1 tb Milk
      1 tb Worcestershire Sauce
      2 tb Minced Seeded Jalapeno Peppr
      2 tb Minced Seeded Red Bell Peppr
      2 tb Minced Pepperoni
      1 tb Chili Powder
 
  Allow cheeses to warm to room temperature. Mix cheeses, milk, onion,
  and Worcestershire sauce with electric mixer. Add peppers and
  pepperoni and gently mix. Rap mixture in plastic rap and refrigerate
  until firm. While still in plastic rap, form in to ball shape, unrap
  and roll in chili powder. Serve with your favorite crackers.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: "TRASH BAG" TACO SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Meats
      Yield: 45 Servings
 
      3 lb Ground beef
      3 ea Envelopes taco seasoning mix
      3    Heads lettuce, shredded
      3 c  Shredded cheddar cheese
      3 c  Chopped tomatoes
      2 c  Chopped onion
      3 cn Chopped or sliced ripe
           -olives, drained (4-1/4 oz
           - each)
      2 cn Ranch or chili beans,
           - drained
      1 lg Bag corn chips
      1    Bottle (16 ox.) Catalina
           - salad dressing
      1    Jar (12-oz) salsa
 
  Brown beef, drain. Add taco seasoning and prepare according to package
  directions. Cool. Toss with remaining ingredients in a large plastic
  bag or container.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: #433813 LEBANESE  DOUGHNUTS  AWWAMATH
 Categories: 
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
      1 c  Yogurt Laban
    1/4 ts Yeast
    1/4 ts Salt
           Water
           Pan and oil for deep frying
           Syrup
 
  Preparation : Dissolve yeast in a little warm water. Add Laban flour
  and salt and mix well with electric mixer until thick and creamy. Put
  mixture aside and let rise about 45 minutes.  Heat oil well and drop
  mixture by teaspoonful.  Brown well and drain on paper towels.
  Drizzle with syrup and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: #516683 BAKLAVA  (LEBANESE)
 Categories: 
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Med. chopped walnuts or
           Pistachio
           Nuts
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 tb Rose water
      1 lb Filo dough
      1 lb Drawn butter or sweet
           Butter
      1    Basic syrup recipe--BASIC
           SYRUP:--2 c. sugar
      1 c  Water
           Few drops of lemon juice
      1 ts Rose water
 
  Preparation : Combine nuts, sugar and rose water. Filo dough may be
  spread in a buttered 10 x 14 inch pan, brushing each layer with
  butter. Half way through the layering, place nut mixture in 1/2 to
  3/4 inch layer. Then continue layering buttered filo on top.  Cut in
  diamond shaped pieces. Bake at 300 degrees for one hour or until
  golden brown. Pour syrup over baklava making sure the dough is well
  saturated. Combine sugar, water and lemon juice in saucepan.  Boil
  over medium heat for 10 to 15 minutes or until slightly viscous (225
  degrees). Before removing from heat, add rose water and let come to a
  boil. Remove from fire and cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ( FROM BREAD MIX )  HOMEMADE WHITE BREAD
 Categories: Breadmaker, Mixes, Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 tb Yeast
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      1 c  -lukewarm water
  3 1/2 c  Bread mix
      1    Egg; beaten

MMMMM-------------------------VARIATIONS------------------------------
           -add
      1 pk Dry onion soup mix
           -makes great hamburger buns
           -OR
      4 tb Brown sugar; and
    2/3 c  Wheat germ
 
  I have a lot more of the homemade mix recipes if anyone is interested.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: *GINGER LEMON STIR-FRY
 Categories: Vegetarian, Asian, Stir-fry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------------THE SAUCE------------------------------
      1 c  Water
      2 tb Cornstarch
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      2 tb Honey
      1 tb Fresh ginger, grated
      2 tb Miso

MMMMM------------------------THE STIR-FRY-----------------------------
      2 tb Canola oil
      1 ea Medium onion
      2 c  Broccoli, chopped
      4 oz Tempeh
    1/2 lb Mushrooms
    1/2 lb Snow peas, sliced
      1 ea 8 oz can water chestnuts
           - drained and sliced
      2 tb Mirin
      1 tb Low sodium soy sauce
 
  In a small bowl, combine the water and cornstarch. Whisk in the lemon
  juice, honey, ginger and miso. Set aside. Heat the oil over medium
  heat in a wok or heavy skillet and add the onion. Cook 2 min., then
  add the broccoli and tempeh. Continue to cook 5 min. Stir in the
  mushrooms, snow peas, water chestnuts, and mirin and continue to cook
  4 min. Stir the cornstarch mixture to recombine, then add to the
  skillet and increase the heat. Cook 2 more minutes, stirring
  frequently. Stir in the soy sauce, cook an additional minute, and
  serve hot.
  
  Recommended comapnion dish: Steamed Basmati Rice
  
  M. Toomay and S. Geiskopf-Hadler, _The Best 125 Meatless Main Dishes_,
  Prima Publishing, 1992.
  
  Uploaded by Sue Smith. S.SMITH34, Genie. TXFT40A, Prodigy or
  TXFT40A@PRODIGY.COM, Internet.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: *VEGETABLE RAISIN CURRY WITH COUSCOUS
 Categories: Vegan, Quick
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Sliced almonds
        x  Saute liquid of choice
      1 ea Large onion
      1 ts Bottled minced garlic
      1 tb All purpose flour
      2 ts Curry powder
    1/4 ts Cayenne pepper
      1 ea 16 oz. pkg frozen mixed
           - vegetable medley
    1/3 c  Dark or golden raisins
    1/2 ts Salt (depending on stock)
  2 1/2 c  Stock of choice, divided
      1 c  Cuscous, uncooked
 
  Heat oven or toaster oven to 350 degrees. Place almonds in a single
  layer on a baking sheet. Bake for about 5 minutes or until golden
  brown. Coarsely chop onion. Cook onion and garlic in saute liquid.
  Stir in flour, curry powder, and cayenne pepper and cook for 30
  seconds, stirring constantly. Stir in vegetables, raisins, salt and 1
  cup of the broth. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce
  heat to low and continue cooking, covered, for 10 minutes, stirring
  occasionally. While the curry is cooking, bring the remaining 1 1/2
  cups broth to a boil in a small saucepan. Stir in couscous and remove
  from heat. Cover and let stand for 5 min. or until liquid is
  absorbed. Fluff with a fork. Serve vegetable curry over couscous and
  sprinkle with almonds. Note: The Chicken Style Seasoning posted by
  Michelle Dick a while back is an excellent stock for this recipe.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: .45CAL CHILI
 Categories: Ethnic, Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Pinto beans,dried
      5 c  Water
      2 tb Lard
      1 tb Bacon drippings
      1    Onion
     12 oz Pork sausage,country-style
      1 lb Beef,coarse grind
      4    Garlic cloves
      1 ts Anise
    1/2 ts Coriander seeds
    1/2 ts Fennel seeds
    1/2 ts Cloves,ground
      1    Cinnamon stick,ground,1
      1 ts Black pepper,freshly ground
      1 ts Paprika
      1    Nutmeg,ground,whole
      1 ts Cumin
      2 ts Oregano,dried,pref. Mexican
      4 tb Sesame seeds
      1 c  Almonds,blanched,skins remov
     12    Red chiles,whole dried or
  1 1/2 c  Chile caribe
  1 1/2 oz Milk chocolate,small pieces
      1 cn Tomato paste(6oz ea)
      2 tb Vinegar
      3 ts Lemon juice
      1    Soft tortilla,chopped
           Salt
 
  1. Place the rinsed beans in a bowl, add 2 to 3 cups of water and soak
  overnight. Check the beans occasionally and add water as necessary to
  keep them moist.
  2. Pour the beans and the water in which they were soaked into a heavy
  saucepan and add 2 to 3 more cups of water. Bring to a boil over
  medium-high heat, then lower heat and simmer, partially covered, for
  about 45 minutes, until the beans are cooked but still firm. Check
  occasionally and add water if necessary. Drain the beans, reserving
  the cooking liquid.
  3. Melt the lard in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the beans
  and lightly fry them in the lard. Set aside.
  4. Melt the drippings in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add the
  onion and cook until it is translucent.
  5. Combine the sausage and the beef with all the spices up through the
  oregano. Add this meat-and-spice mixture to the pot with the onion.
  Break up any lumps with a fork and cook, stirring occasionally, until
  the meat is very well browned.
  6. Add the reserved bean-cooking liquid to the pot. Stir in all the
  remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and cook,
  uncovered, for 1/2 hour longer. Stir occasionally. Add water only if
  necessary to maintain the consistency of a chunky soup.
  7. Taste when curiosity becomes unbearable and courage is strong.
  Adjust seasonings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 0RANGE FRUIT SALAD *BTMF00B*
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Boiling water-divided
      1 pk (3 oz)lemon jello
      2 c  Ice cubes, divided
      1 pk (3 0z)orange jello
      1 cn (20 0z)crush pineapple *
      2 c  Min. marshmallows
      3    Lrg bananas sliced
    1/2 c  Fine shredded cheddar cheese

MMMMM-------------------COOKED SALAD DRESSING------------------------
      1 c  Reserved pineapple juice
    1/2 c  Sugar
           Egg,beaten
      1 tb Oleo
      1 c  Whipping cream
      2 tb Cornstarch

MMMMM-------------------MONA IN MI 2:56 PM ET------------------------
 
  *liquid drained * reserved.  In a mixing bowl, combine 1 c water &
  lemon jello. Add 1 c ice cubes, stirring until melted. Add pineapple.
  Pour into a 13"x9"x2" baking pan. refrigerate until set. Repeat with
  orange jello, with remaining ice & water. Stir in marshmallows. Pour
  over lemon layer; refrigerate until set. For dressing, combine
  pineapple juice, sugar egg, cornstarch & butter in a pan. Cook over
  med heat stirring constsntly until thick. Cover & refrigerate
  overnight. Next day, arrange bananas with whipped cream over jello.
  Combine dressng with whipped cream; spread over bananas, Sprinkle
  with cheese. Enjoy! 5/4
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-2-3 BEER BREAD
 Categories: Bread
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      1    12oz can of room temp. full
           -strength beer (any brand)
      2 tb Sugar
      3 c  Self rising flour
 
  Very thick batter. Place in large mixing bowl. Take 17 strokes with
  fork. DO NOT OVER MIX. Put into greased bread pan. Let set 15 minutes
  in warm place. Bake in 350 degree oven for 1 hour 15 minutes.
  
  Self Rising Flour
  
  1 cup flour --minus 2 teaspoons flour-- add 1 1/2 teaspoons baking
  powder and 1/2    teaspoon salt.
  
  Posted to MM-Recipes Digest V3 #1.TXT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-2-3 MEURBETEIG DOUGH
 Categories: Pastries, Ethnic
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Sugar: single weight, 100 gm
      1 c  Butter: double weight 200 gm
  2 3/4 c  Flour: triple weight 300 gm
      1    Egg yolk
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 tb Cold water, wine , brandy
           Grated lemon rind
           Optional:
      1 ts Baking powder for kuchens
           Cocoa or melted choclate
           Ground almonds
 
  Translated Meurbeteig means " mellow dough ." The basic method for
  this versatile dough which can be made into many variations starts
  with the principle of : one part weight sugar, double weight butter
  and triple weight flour.The cup amounts above are approximates. Just
  weigh ingredients for the most accurate measurements. Combine the
  flour, butter and sugar and stir in enough egg yolk with vanilla,
  wine, and lemon to taste to bind the dough. The dough can be made
  batter like, softer or firmer as desired. this is the outstanding
  feature of this dough to change it to your liking. For kuchens the
  dough can be made into a texture to spread or pat into the pan.
  although normally no baking powder is used, a teaspoon made be added
  for kuchen type doughs.Normally the dough is like a short dough
  similar to tart pastry.Basically for softer doughs, increase the egg
  yolks and decrease the flour. for chocolate variations add some
  baking cocoa or melted chocolate. For a tangy dough add some sour
  cream, or grated cheese for a cheese pastry dough. blend in almonds
  for a nut dough. Of importance is that the dough should be prepared
  quickly  and chilled prior to using if used for tart shells or
  pastries.Then it can be rolled out to fit tart pans etc.Prick the
  dough with tines of a fork when used for tart pastries. For kuchens
  the dough need not be chilled and may be used immediately. Double
  recipe if desired.Follow individual recipes, baking temperature
  usually from 350 to 375.Dough freezes well.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-2-3-4 CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter
      1 c  Milk
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      3 c  Flour
      3 ts Baking powder
      4    Eggs
      2    Unsweetened chocolate
  1 1/2 c  Confectioners sugar
      1    Egg, beaten
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ ea CHOCOLATE ICING                   1/2 c butter CAKE: Cream
  butter until fluffy.  Add sugar and cream well. Add eggs one at a
  time. Beat well.  Sift flour, baking powder and salt together. Add
  alternating with milk ending with flour.  Beat on low speed. Add
  vanilla.
   Pour into greased, floured pans.  Makes three layers. Bake at 350
  for 30 minutes.  Test for doneness.
  CHOCOLATE ICING:  Melt butter and chocolate in double boiler. Remove
  from heat.  Blend sugar, egg, salt and vanilla into chocolate
  mixture. Beat until icing is creamy. Double for threelayers.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-2-3-4 CAKE BY JAMES BEARD~ CHEF & COOKING T
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------FOR THREE 9X1/2 INCH DEEP PA---------------------
      1 tb Butter; softened
      2 tb Flour

MMMMM------------------------FOR THE CAKE-----------------------------
      3 c  Cake Flour; sifted *Note:1
      4 ts Baking powder; Double-
           Acting
    1/2 ts Salt
      8 oz Butter; unsalted (2 sticks)
           -at room temperature
      2 c  Sugar; granulated
      4 md Eggs; at room temperature
      1 c  Milk; at room temperature
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla extract (or 1 tspn)

MMMMM----------------FOR THE FILLING AND TOPPING---------------------
    3/4 c  Orange juice; strained
      2 tb Lemon juice
    3/4 c  Sugar; granulated
      1 tb Orange rind; finely grated
 
  James Beard's 1-2-3-4 Layer Cake; Uses three 9x1/2 inch deep cake
  pans. Makes: One 3-layered cake; Serves 12 depending on thickness of
  slices. *Note:1. If you can't find cake flour, the same amount of
  All-purpose flour can be substituted. * Directions * Preheat the oven
  to 350dF. Using your hands, butter the bottom and sides of all 3
  layer-cake pans with softened butter; sprinkle flour inside, then
  shake pans so you get a thin coating on the butter. Tip out any
  excess! Now to sift your flour. Lay a large piece of waxed paper on a
  board, put a dry measuring cup in the center, hold a sifter directly
  over it, scoop cake flour from the package into the sifter, and sift
  the flour directly into the cup. When the cup is full, draw the back
  of a knife blade lightly across the top of the cup (don't shake the
  flour down, or it will become dense) and then tip the measured flour
  into a mixing bowl. Repeat with the other 2 cups of flour (you can
  put any flour that spilled onto the waxed paper back in the sifter).
  When you have 3 cups of sifted flour in the bowl, put the baking
  powder and salt in the sifter, holding it over the mixing bowl, and
  sift it over the flour. Then, still using your hands, mix the baking
  powder and salt lightly with the flour. Next, put the butter into a
  second, large mixing bowl. If it is very firm (it shouldn't be, if
  you have left it out of the fridge), squeeze it through your fingers
  until it softens up. When it is soft enough to work, form your right
  hand into a big fork, as it were, and cream the butter. This means
  that you beat it firmly and quickly with your hand, beating and
  aerating it, until it becomes light, creamy and fluffy. Then whirl
  your fingers around like a whisk so the butter forms a circle in the
  bowl. Gradually cream the 2 cups of sugar into the butter with the
  same fork-like motion, beating until the mixture is very light and
  fluffy. As the sugar blends in it will change the color of the butter
  to a much lighter color, almost white. Now wash and dry your hands
  thoroughly. Separate the eggs as you would for a souffle', letting
  the whites slip though slightly parted fingers into a small bowl and
  dropping the yokes into a second, larger bowl. Beat the yokes for a
  few minutes with a whisk until they are well blended. Then, again
  with your hand, beat them very thoroughly into the butter-sugar
  mixture. Now beat in the milk alternately with the sifted flour --
  first one, then the other -- this time keeping your fingers close
  together as if your hand were a wooden spatula. Beat, beat, beat
  until the batter is well mixed, then add the vanilla and beat that in
  for 1 or 2 minutes. Put the egg whites in your beating bowl and beat
  them with a large whisk or and electric hand beater until they mount
  first to soft, drooping peaks and then to firm, glossy peaks. Do not
  over beat so that they are stiff and dry! Tip the beaten whites onto
  the cake batter and fold them in with your hand. Slightly cup your
  hand and use the side like a spatula to cut down through the whites
  and batter to the bottom of the bowl and then flop them over with
  your cupped hand, rotating the bowl with your other hand as you do so
  ~- exactly the technique used when folding egg whites into a souffle
  mixture with a rubber spatula. Repeat this very lightly and quickly
  until the whites and batter are thoroughly folded and blended. Once
  you have mastered this hand technique you can use it for souffles.
  Again using your hand like a spatula, pour and scrape the batter into
  three prepared pans, dividing it equally between them. Give the
  filled pans a little knock on the countertop to level the batter. Put
  the 3 pans in the center of the oven, or, if you have to use more
  than 1 rack, stagger them on the 2 middle racks of the oven so they
  do not overlap. Bake for 25 minutes, then touch the center of each
  cake lightly with your fingertip. If it springs back, it is done.
  Remove the pans and put them on wire cake rakes to cool for a few
  minutes, then loosen the layers by running the flat of a knife blade
  around the sides of the pans, put a rack on top of each pan, and
  invert so the cake comes out onto the rack, top side down. Then
  reverse the layers so they are top side up. For filling and icing,
  SEE: 1-2-3-4 Filling and Icing recipe.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-2-3-4 CAKE FILLING & TOPPING BY JAMES BEA
 Categories: Icing
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
MMMMM-------------------FOR FILLING AND ICING------------------------
    3/4 c  Orange juice; strained
      2 tb Lemon juice
    3/4 c  Sugar; granulated
      1 tb Orange rind; finely grated
 
  Makes: Icing and filling for one cake. SEE: Cake, 1-2-3-4 Cake by
  James Beard for the cake recipe.
  :       Mix the orange juice, lemon juice, sugar and orange rind
  together and drizzle the mixture over the three still warm cake
  layers. Be careful not to let it all soak into one spot.
  :       Then pile the layers on top of each other. The juice mixture
  will give the cake a lovely, fresh, fruity flavor and it is not rich
  like a chocolate or other candy flavored icing. Leave the cake to
  cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-POT: CHEESY TURKEY CASSEROLE
 Categories: Poultry etc, Casseroles
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Dry bread crumbs
      2 tb Parmesan, freshly grated
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Dried basil
      2    Egg whites
      1 lb Turkey scaloppine
      2 ts Olive oil
      2 ts Butter
    1/2 c  Asiago cheese, shredded

MMMMM-------------------EGGPLANT TOMATO SAUCE------------------------
      1    Eggplant
      1 tb Olive oil
      1    Onion, chopped
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
     28 oz Canned stewed tomatoes
      1 ts Dried basil
    3/4 ts Granulated sugar
    1/2 ts Dried oregano
    1/4 ts Pepper
 
  Eggplant Tomato Sauce: Peel and chop eggplant. In heavy saucepan,
  heat oil over medium heat; cook eggplant, onion and garlic, stirring,
  for about 5 minutes or until softened. Add tomatoes, mashing with
  fork, basil, sugar, oregano and pepper; bring to boil. Reduce heat;
  simmer, stirring occasionally, for about
       15    minutes or until thickened.
  
  [Sauce can be made ahead, covered and refrigerated for up to 3 days.]
  
  In bowl, combine bread crumbs, Parmesan, salt, pepper and basil. In
  separate bowl, whisk egg whites. cut turkey into serving-size
  portions; dip into egg whites, then into crumb mixture to coat on
  both sides. In large nonstick skillet, heat 1 ts each of the oil and
  butter over medium-high heat; cook turkey in batches, adding
  remaining butter and oil as necessary, for 4 minutes or until browned
  on both sides.
  
  Pour sauce into shallow 10-cup casserole dish; arrange turkey in
  single layer over sauce. Sprinkle with cheese. Cover with foil. Bake,
  covered, in 350F 180C oven for about 25 minutes or until turkey is
  tender and sauce is bubbly. Remove foil; broil for 2 minutes or until
  cheese is bubbly.
  
  4 servings for $16.01CDN [Nov 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 440 calories, 39 g protein, 15 g fat, 39 g
  carbohydrate, high source fibre, excellent source iron, calcium
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Nov 95 Presented in article "Hearty
  & Healthy: Casseroles See The Light" Recipe by Canadian Living Test
  Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-POT: CREAMY CHICKEN NOODLE CASSEROLE
 Categories: Poultry etc, Pastanoodle, Casseroles
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ts Vegetable oil
      1    Onion, chopped
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
    3/4 ts Salt
    3/4 ts Pepper
    3/4 ts Dried thyme
      1 lb Small fresh mushrooms, halve
      1 lb Chicken breasts, boneless,
           -skinless
    1/2 c  Chicken stock
      2 tb Cornstarch
     12 oz Canned 2% evaporated milk
      6 oz Canned 2% evaporated milk
      5 c  Broad egg noodles
      1 c  Frozen peas
      1 tb Dijon mustard
 
  [Evaporated milk amounts converted from metric 385mL and 160mL cans)
  
  In large nonstick skillet, heat oil over medium heat; cook onion,
  garlic, salt, pepper and thyme, stirring, for about 5 minutes or
  until onions are softened. Add mushrooms; cook over high heat,
  stirring, for about 5 minutes or until browned.
  
  Meanwhile, cut chicken into bite-size pieces; stir into skillet. Cook,
  stirring, for about 4 minutes or until no longer pink inside. Scrape
  chicken mixture into bowl; set aside.
  
  In small bowl, whisk together stock and cornstarch; pour into skillet
  along with both cans evaporated milk. Cook over medium heat,
  stirring, for about 5 minutes or until thickened.
  
  Meanwhile, in large pot of boiling salted water, cook noodles for
  about 5 minutes or until almost tender. Drain well; return to pot.
  Add reserved chicken mixture, milk sauce, peas and mustard; stir
  gently to coat noodles. Pour into greased 8-inch square baking dish.
  cover with greased foil; bake in 375F 190C oven for about 30 minutes
  or until heated through.
  
  Serve with Brussels sprouts and a shredded carrot salad.
  
  4 servings for $14.62CDN [Nov 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 570 calories, 49 g protein, 9 g fat, 72 g
  carbohydrate, excellent source calcium and iron
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Nov 95 Presented in article "Hearty
  & Healthy: Casseroles See The Light" Recipe by Canadian Living Test
  Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-POT: FUSS-FREE CASSOULET
 Categories: Sausages, Casseroles
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 tb Vegetable oil
    1/2 lb Kielbasa sausage, cubed
      2    Onions, chopped
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      2    Carrots, sliced
      2    Celery stalks, chopped
    1/2 ts Dried thyme
    1/4 ts Pepper
        pn Cloves
     19 oz Canned tomatoes
    3/4 c  Chicken stock
      1    Bay leaf
     38 oz Canned white pea beans,
           -drained and rinsed

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      2 tb Butter
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      2 c  Fresh bread crumbs
      2 tb Fresh parsley, chopped
 
  The traditional French dish takes days to prepare and contains a
  generous portion of high-fat meats. By using sausage only,
  preparation time, fat and calories are all cut down without
  sacrificing flavour.
  
  In large Dutch oven, heat oil over medium heat; cook sausage, onions,
  garlic,  carrots, celery, thyme, pepper and cloves, stirring, for
  about 5 minutes or until onions are softened. Add tomatoes, breaking
  up with fork. Add chicken stock and bay leaf; bring to boil. Add
  beans; reduce heat and simmer  for about 30 minutes or until slightly
  thickened. Discard bay leaf.
  
  [Can be prepared to this point, cooled, covered and refrigerated for
  up to 1 day. Or freeze for up to 1 week; thaw in refrigerator for up
  to 36 hours. Add 45 minutes to 1 hour to baking time.]
  
  Topping: In saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add garlic; cook
  for about 2 minutes or until softened. Stir in bread crumbs and
  chopped parsley; sprinkle over cassoulet. Bake in 350F 180C oven for
  about 30 minutes or until crusty and golden on top, bubbly and heated
  through.
  
  6 servings for $13.20CDN [Nov 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 440 calories, 20 g protein, 18 g fat, 51 g
  carbohydrate, very high source fibre, excellent source iron
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Nov 95 Presented in article "Hearty
  & Healthy: Casseroles See The Light" Recipe by Canadian Living Test
  Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-POT: MUSHROOM & VEAL POT PIE
 Categories: Veal, Pastry*pies
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Stewing veal
      3 tb All-purpose flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      1    Onion, chopped
      1    Garlic clove, minced
      2    Carrots, chopped
      3 c  Mushrooms, sliced
    1/2 ts Dried sage
      2 c  Beef stock
      2 tb Dry vermouth [optl]
      1 tb Tomato paste
      1 ts Worcestershire sauce
      1 c  Frozen peas

MMMMM-------------------LIGHT BISCUIT TOPPING------------------------
  1 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      1 tb Fresh parsley, chopped
      2 ts Baking powder
    3/4 ts Baking soda
        pn Salt
        pn Pepper
      3 tb Butter, cold
    3/4 c  Plain low-fat yogurt
 
  Trim veal; cut into bite-size pieces. In plastic bag, combine flour
  with salt and half of the pepper. toss veal in flour mixture, in
  batches if necessary.
  
  In large, deep nonstick skillet, heat half of the oil over medium-high
  heat; brown meat in batches, adding remaining oil as necessary.
  Transfer to plate; set aside.
  
  Stir onion, garlic, carrots, mushrooms, sage and 1 tb water into
  skillet; cook, stirring, for about 7 minutes or until golden and
  moisture is evaporated. Stir in 2/3 cup water, stock, vermouth,
  tomato paste, Worcestershire, remaining pepper and reserved meat.
  bring to boil; reduce heat and simmer, covered, stirring
  occasionally, for 1 hour. Uncover; cook for about 15 minutes or until
  meat is tender and sauce is thickened. Stir in peas; let cool. Pour
  into 8-inch square baking dish.
  
  [Can be made ahead, covered and refrigerated up to 1 day. Let stand
  at room temperature for 30 minutes before baking.]
  
  Light Biscuit Topping: In large bowl, stir together flour, parsley,
  baking powder, baking soda, salt and pepper; cut in butter until
  mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add yogurt all at once; stir with
  fork to make soft, slightly sticky dough.
  
  On lightly floured surface, gently knead dough 8 times or until
  smooth. Gently pat out dough into 8-inch square. Cut into 16 equal
  squares. Place over veal mixture in 4 rows. Bake in 450F 230C oven
  for 25-30 minutes or until bubbly, crust is golden and biscuits are
  cooked underneath when gently lifted.
  
  Serve with sauted zucchini
  
  4 servings for $16.70CDN [Nov 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 500 calories, 36 g protein, 15 g fat, 32 g
  carbohydrate, high source fibre, good source calcium, excellent
  source iron
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Nov 95 Presented in article "Hearty
  & Healthy: Casseroles See The Light" Recipe by Canadian Living Test
  Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-POT: PASTITSIO GOES LIGHT
 Categories: Pastanoodle, Beef, Casseroles, Greek
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 ts Vegetable oil
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      1    Onion, chopped
      2    Carrots, finely diced
      1    Zucchini, finely chopped
    3/4 lb Lean ground beef
  1 1/2 ts Dried basil
      1 ts Dried oregano
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
    1/2 ts Dried thyme
      2 tb Tomato paste
     19 oz Canned tomatoes
    1/4 c  Fresh parsley, chopped

MMMMM--------------------PASTA CUSTARD LAYERS-------------------------
      3 tb Butter
    1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      3 c  Milk
      1    Egg
      1 c  2% cottage cheese
      1 c  Mozzarella, part-skin,
           Shredded
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      3 c  Pasta shells
    1/4 c  Parmesan, freshly grated
 
  This is the Greek variation of lasagna.
  
  In large nonstick skillet, heat oil over medium heat; cook garlic,
  onion, carrots and zucchini, stirring, for about 5 minutes or until
  softened. Add beef, basil, oregano, cinnamon, salt, pepper and thyme;
  cook, stirring to break up beef, for about 3 minutes or until meat is
  no longer pink. Pour in tomato paste and tomatoes, mashing tomatoes
  with fork; bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer for about 20 minutes or
  until almost all liquid is evaporated and sauce is thickened. Stir in
  parsley; set aside.
  
  Pasta Custard Layers: In heavy saucepan, melt butter over medium
  heat; stir in flour. Cook, stirring constantly, for 2 minutes.
  gradually whisk in milk; bring to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low or
  until thickened. In large bowl, whisk eggs; whisk in about 1/2 cup of
  the hot milk sauce. Return mixture to saucepan; cook, stirring, for 2
  minutes. Remove from heat; blend in cottage cheese, mozzarella, salt,
  pepper and nutmeg.
  
  Meanwhile, in large pot of boiling salted water, cook pasta for about
  8 minutes or until almost tender. Drain; return to pot. Add cheese
  sauce; toss well.
  
  Spread half of the pasta mixture in greased 13x9-inch baking dish;
  spread meat mixture over top. Spread remaining pasta mixture evenly
  over meat. Sprinkle with Parmesan.
  
  [Can be prepared to this point, covered and refrigerated for up to 1
  day. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes before baking.]
  
  Bake in 375F 190C oven for 1 hour or until heated through and top is
  lightly browned. Let stand for 10 minutes.
  
  Serve with a light green salad tossed with a sun-dried tomato
  vinaigrette.
  
  6 servings for $13.26CDN [Nov 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 495 calories, 29 g protein, 19 g fat, 52 g
  carbohydrate, high source fibre, good source iron, excellent source
  calcium
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Nov 95 Presented in article "Hearty
  & Healthy: Casseroles See The Light" Recipe by Canadian Living Test
  Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-POT: SHRIMP CASSEROLE
 Categories: Fish*shell, Casseroles
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Long-grain rice
      1    Egg white
    1/4 c  Fresh parsley, chopped
      3 tb Butter
      1    Garlic clove, minced
      2 c  Fresh mushrooms, sliced
      1 c  Celery, sliced
    1/2 c  Green onion, chopped
    1/2 ts Dried dillweed
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      1 lb Raw unpeeled shrimp
      3 tb All-purpose flour
  1 1/2 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Gruyre, shredded
      2 ts Lemon rind, grated
    1/4 c  Fresh bread crumbs
 
  This can be made with any combination of seafood, such as scallops,
  crab or lobster. Serve with green beans and endive salad.
  
  In saucepan, bring 1-1/2 cups salted water to boil. Stir in rice;
  cover and simmer over low heat for 15-20 minutes or until tender and
  water is absorbed. Remove from heat; stir in egg white and 1 tb of
  the parsley. Press mixture into bottom of greased 8-inch square
  baking dish or other shallow heat proof casserole with same volume;
  set aside.
  
  Meanwhile, in nonstick skillet, melt 1 tb of the butter over
  medium-high heat; cook garlic, mushrooms and celery, stirring, for
  about 5 minutes or just until vegetables start to brown. Stir in
  onions, dill and 1/4 ts each of the salt and pepper; cook over high
  heat for about 2 minutes or until lightly browned. transfer to large
  bowl.
  
  Whip out skillet; pour in 2 cups water and bring to simmer. Cook
  shrimp for about 1 minute or just until pink. Reserve 1 cup of
  liquid, rinse shrimp under cold running water. Shell and devein
  shrimp; arrange over rice in baking dish.
  
  In heavy saucepan, melt remaining butter over medium heat; stir in
  flour. Cook, stirring, for about 2 minutes, without browning;
  gradually whisk in reserved liquid and milk. Cook, stirring, for
  about 20 minutes or until thickened. Remove from heat; stir in 1/2
  cup of the cheese, lemon rind and remaining salt and pepper until
  cheese is melted. Stir into vegetable mixture along with remaining
  parsley; pour over shrimp in baking dish.
  
  [Can be prepared to this point, covered and refrigerated for up to 1
  day. Let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes before baking.]
  
  In small bowl, stir together remaining cheese and bread crumbs.
  Sprinkle evenly over casserole. Bake in 325F 160C oven for 40-50
  minutes or until heated through. Broil for about 2 minutes or until
  top is golden. Let stand for 15 minutes.
  
  4 servings for $17.01CDN [Nov 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 480 calories, 32 g protein, 19 g fat, 43 g
  carbohydrate, excellent source calcium, good source iron
  
  Tip: For added colour, substitute 1/4 cup wild rice for long-grain
  rice. cook wild rice for 30 minutes before adding long-grain rice.
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Nov 95 Presented in article "Hearty
  & Healthy: Casseroles See The Light" Recipe by Canadian Living Test
  Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1-POT: VEGETABLE BEAN CASSEROLE
 Categories: Vegetables, Pastanoodle, Casseroles
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Butter
      3    Garlic cloves, minced
      2    Onions, chopped
      2    Carrots, diced
      1 tb Red wine vinegar
    1/2 ts Dried rosemary, crushed
    1/2 ts Pepper
      1 pn Hot pepper flakes
      3 c  Spaghetti sauce
     19 oz Can Romano or kidney beans,
           -drained and rinsed
      2 c  Rotini pasta
      2 c  Broccoli, chopped
    1/3 c  Romano cheese, fresh grated
 
  In nonstick skillet, melt butter over medium-low heat; cook garlic,
  onions and carrots, covered, for about 10 minutes or until softened.
  Stir in vinegar, rosemary, pepper and hot pepper flakes; cook,
  covered, for about 15 minutes or until onions are very soft. Stir in
  sauce; bring to boil. Reduce heat; simmer for about 5 minutes or
  until thickened. Stir in beans; set aside.
  
  Meanwhile, in large pot of boiling salted water, cook pasta for 5
  minutes. Add broccoli; [tip: peel broccoli stalks so that they will
  cook in the same amount of time as the florets.] cook for about 1
  minute or until pasta is almost tender and broccoli is bright green
  and still crisp. Drain and return to pot. Stir in tomato mixture.
  Pour into greased 8-inch square baking dish; sprinkle with Romano
  cheese. Cover with foil.
  
  [Can be prepared to this point and cooled in refrigerator. Cove and
  refrigerate for up to 4 hours. Let stand at room temperature for 30
  minutes before baking. Add 30 minutes to baking time.]
  
  Bake in 350F 180C oven for about 35 minutes or until heated through.
  Broil, uncovered, for about 2 minutes or until browned and bubbly.
  
  Serve with crisp cucumber and red onion salad.
  
  4 servings for $10.14CDN [Nov 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 540 calories, 21 g protein, 15 g fat, 85 g
  carbohydrate, very high source fibre, good source calcium, excellent
  source iron
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Nov 95 Presented in article "Hearty
  & Healthy: Casseroles See The Light" Recipe by Canadian Living Test
  Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 10 MINUTE SZECHUAN CHICKEN
 Categories: Low-cal, Chicken, Chinese
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        4    Chicken breasts* -- skinned
  :          an
        3 TB Cornstarch
        1 TB Vegetable oil
        3    Cloves garlic -- minced
        5 TB Soy sauce (low salt)
    1 1/2 TB White-wine vinegar
        1 ts Sugar
      1/4 c  Water
        6    Green onions -- cut into 1"
  :          pi
      1/8 ts Cayenne or to taste
  
  Cut chicken *(these are 1/2 breasts, as you buy them in the market)
  into 1 1/2 inch cubes. Lightly toss with cornstarch in bag to coat.
  Heat oil in skillet or wok; stir-fry chicken and garlic until lightly
  browned. Add soy sauce, vinegar, sugar and water. Cover and cook 3
  minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Add green onions and
  cayenne; cook uncovered about 2 minutes longer.
      221    calories per serving.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Sweeney <sweeney@asiaonline.Net>date: Tue, 29 Oct 1996 22:51:17
  +0800 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 10 MINUTE SZECHUAN CHICKEN  NPFN03A
 Categories: Low-cal, Chicken, Chinese
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        4    Chicken breasts* -- skinned
  :          an
    1 1/2 TB White-wine vinegar
        3 TB Cornstarch
        1 ts Sugar
        1 TB Vegetable oil
      1/4 c  Water
        3    Cloves garlic -- minced
        6    Green onions -- cut into 1"
  :          pi
        5 TB Soy sauce (low salt)
      1/8 ts Cayenne or to taste
  
  Cut chicken *(these are 1/2 breasts, as you buy them in the market)
  into 1 1/2 inch cubes. Lightly toss with cornstarch in bag to coat.
  Heat oil in skillet or wok; stir-fry chicken and garlic until lightly
  browned. Add soy sauce, vinegar, sugar and water. Cover and cook 3
  minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Add green onions and
  cayenne; cook uncovered about 2 minutes longer.
      221    calories per serving.
  
  Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.00
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Sweeney <sweeney@asiaonline.Net>date: Mon, 28 Oct 1996 21:33:44
  +0800 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 10-MINUTE GERMAN SWEET CHOC. CREAM PIE
 Categories: Cakes, Chocolate, German
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 oz Package German sweet
           Chocolate,
    1/3 c  Milk,
      2 tb Sugar,
      3 oz Package cream cheese,
           Softened,
  3 1/2 c  Whipped topping, thawed
      1    8-inch graham cracker pie
           Crust.
 
  Originally from: "Austin American-Stateman, May 24, 1990 Heat
  chocolate and 2 TBSP of the milk in saucepan in saucepan over low
  heat, stirring until chocolate is melted. Beat sugar into cream
  cheese; add remaining milk and chocolate mixture and beat until
  smooth. Fold in whipped topping, blending until smooth. Spoon into
  crust. Freeze until firm, about 4 hours. Garnish with chocolate
  curls, if desired.
  
  Recipe submitted by Abagail Willis.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 10. APPETIZER SANDWICHES:
 Categories: Appetizers, Oddball, Quick
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn Asparagus (long stems)
      1    Loaf
           Butter
           Mayonaise
           Salt and pepper
           GOOD square white bread
 
  carefully remove asparagas spears from tin, spread on towel to drain
  for at least two hours ;(if some are very "fat" split in half.
  
  remove crusts from bread
  
  carefully spread each square with butter, and then spread carefully
  and generously with mayonaise.
  
  take a spear and put diagonal on bread - sprinkle generously with S &
  P
  
  roll from corner to make a tube.  I then cut the tube in half to make
  smaller portions - your choice
  
  pile in bowl or on plate, cover with aluminum foil (putting in
  Tupperware doesn't seem to have the same effect, who knows why)
  
  Refrigerate for several hours.
  
  Remove from frig at least 1/2 hour before serving.
  
  So - easy right - make it in the morning - and the 1/2 hour out of
  frig is while you're driving to the party ... every party I took
  these two they were the first thing gone, men, kids, everyone said,
  these are weird, humm but good!
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Gatech!prism!gt6787a (Czerwinski,
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100 GOOD COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 100 Servings
 
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Brown sugar
      1 c  Butter; softened
      1 c  Oil
      1 ea Egg
      1 ts Salt
    3/4 ts Cream of tartar
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Rice krispies
      1 c  Oatmeal
  3 1/2 c  Flour
 
  Mix all ingredients in order listed.  Drop by teaspoons onto a greased
  cookie sheet and press flat with a sugared glass. Bake at 350 degrees
  for 12-15 minutes. Makes 100 GOOD COOKIES!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100 PERCENT WHOLE-WHEAT BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pk Active dry yeast
      3 tb Dark brown sugar
    3/4 c  Warm water (105F-115F)
  2 3/4 c  Whole-wheat flour
      3 tb Nonfat dry milk powder
      3 tb Vegetable oil
      1 lg Egg; -=OR=-
      2 lg Egg whites
      1 ts Salt
 
  STIR YEAST AND SUGAR into water; let stand until foamy, about 5
  minutes. For food processor fitted with metal blade or mixer with
  dough hook, put flour, milk powder, oil and egg or egg whites into
  bowl. Turn machine on and combine mixture. With machine running,
  slowly add yeast mixture. Mix until dough cleans sides of bowl. If
  dough is too sticky, add more flour by the tablespoon, working it in
  before adding more. If dough is crumbly and dry, add more water by
  the teaspoon, working it in before adding more. Once desired
  consistency is reached (moist but not sticky), mix dough until well
  kneaded, uniformly supple and elastic, about 40 seconds in food
  processor, about 6 minutes in mixer. If mixing by hand, put
  ingredients in large bowl. Mix well. Make well in center, pour in
  yeast mixture and work into ingredients, then knead on floured board
  until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. Transfer dough to large
  plastic bag, squeeze out air and seal at top. Place dough in bowl.
  Let rise in warm spot until doubled, about 1 hour. Oil a baking
  sheet. Punch dough down and shape into smooth ball. Place smooth side
  up on baking sheet. Cover loosely with oiled plastic. Let rise in
  warm spot until doubled, about 40-50 minutes. Preheat oven to 375F.
  Fifteen minutes before baking, put rack in center of oven; dust dough
  top lightly with flour. Make a decorative slash across the top. Bake
  until bread is well browned and sounds hollow when rapped on bottom,
  about 30-35 minutes. Immediately remove from pan and cool on rack.
  Makes 1 Loaf
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100 YEAR OLD PATE
 Categories: Appetizers, Poultry
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 lb Chicken livers
    1/2 lb Bacon cooked crisp and
           - crumbled
      1 c  Chicken stock (preferred) or
           - bouillon
      1 lg White or yellow onion cut
           - into 8th's
      2    Stalks celery with tops
           - cut into sections
    1/4    Bell pepper
      1    Clove garlic peeled & sliced
      1 ts Heaping thyme
    1/4 ts Sage
      1    Pinch rosemary
      1    Small bay leaf
           Crushed peppercorns to taste
           Salt to taste (none with
           - bouillon)
    1/2 ts Dijon mustard
           Dry white wine or for change
           -try dry sherry
    1/2 lb Sweet cream butter (adjust
           - salt if salted butter is
           - used)
 
  UTENSILS: 2 qt. sauce pan Colander or large strainer measuring cups
  and spoons food processor, mixer or blender (use your hands only if
  slightly Masochistic) Pate molds or buttered 9" cake pan with release
  or a bowl
  
  PREPARATION: In sauce pan, combine livers, stock, spices, garlic,
  celery, onion, pepper & salt. Add enough wine to just cover
  ingredients and bring to boiling point. Reduce heat, cover, and
  simmer for about 1/2 hour. When done, place contents in the colander.
  Reserve the wine broth and allow it to stand and cool. Discard the
  bayleaf from the contents in the colander and allow remainder to cool
  for 1/2 hour.
  
  Gently ladel off the wine broth until the liquid containing the
  sediment equals 2/3 cup. Save the clear broth in case you need more.
  Be sure to catch all the sediment because it is an important part of
  the recipe.
  
  In your food processor; combine the contents of the colander, sediment
  broth, butter, mustard and 1/2 of the crumbled bacon. Process until
  the mixture is a smooth, soupy puree. Fold in remaining bacon and
  pour into final mold. If it is too thick to pour, you need to add
  more broth. Allow pate to set in refrigerator for at least 24 hours.
  
  Unmold, lightly sprinkle with cracked peppercorns and garnish with
  sliced olives and parsley.
  
  This recipe is an antique French farm recipe reported to be over 100
  years old. It is a classic recipe with wonderful spices and subtle
  flavors.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100% CRUNCH BREAD
 Categories: Whole wheat, Electric, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Water, plus (see Below)
      1 tb Water
      2 c  Whole-Wheat Flour
      1 ts Salt
      4 ts Honey
      4 ts Molasses
      2 ts Honey
      4 ts Molasses
    1/2 ts Gluten
      2 ts Applesauce
    1/2 c  Seeds (any kind)
      2 ts Yeast
 
  Electric Bread
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100% CRUNCH BREAD (MACHINE) - REGULAR LOAF
 Categories: Breads, Breadmakers
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
    3/4 c  + 1T Water
      2 c  White bread flour
      1 ts Salt
      4 ts Honey
      4 ts Molasses
      2 ts Gluten
      4 ts Olive oil
    1/2 c  Seeds *
      1 ts Yeast, fast rise or machine
           - or -
      2 ts Yeast, active dry
 
  Source:  Electric Bread
  
  The seeds inject a crunchy, chewy texture so satisfying, you won't
  even need a toaster for crispness. High in fiber and high in taste,
  this bread brings a new dimension to an avocado and sprout sandwich.
  
                             Success Hints
                             -------------
  
  * Experiment with unsalted seeds for different taste and texture; try
  equal amounts of pumpkin seeds, flax seeds and sunflower seeds.
  
  For best results, use the "extra knead" process and add seeds near
  the end of the first knead.
  
  Gluten is available in health food stores & nutritional departments.
  
  Use regular, rapid bake or timed bake cycle. Posted by Dan Klepach to
  the Fidonet COOKING echo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100% CRUNCH BREAD 2
 Categories: Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Water, plus (see Below)
      1 tb Water
      2 c  Whole-Wheat Flour
      1 ts Salt
      4 ts Honey
      4 ts Molasses
      2 ts Honey
      4 ts Molasses
    1/2 ts Gluten
      2 ts Applesauce
    1/2 c  Seeds (any kind)
      2 ts Yeast
 
  Electric Bread
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100% PARMESAN CHICKEN
 Categories: Meats, Chicken, Cheese, Breads
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      6    Boneless, chicken breast
           Halves (about 2 pounds)
      2 tb Parkay Margarine, melted
    1/2 c  (2 oz) Kraft 100% Grated
           Parmesan Cheese
    1/4 c  Dry bread crumbs
      1 ts Each dried oregano leaves
           And parsley flakes
    1/4 ts Each paprika, salt and black
           Pepper
 
  Heat oven to 400-degrees F.  spray 15X10X1-inch baking pan with no
  stick cooking spray.
  
  Dip chicken in margarine; coat with combined remaining ingredients.
  Place in prepared pan.
  
  Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until tender.
  
  Makes 6 servings.
  
  SPICY: sutstitute 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon gorund red pepper fro black
  pepper.
  
  Prep time 5 minutes
  
  Cooking time 25 minutes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100% PARMESAN CHICKEN BREASTS
 Categories: Poultry, Cheese
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6    Chicken breasts without skin
      2 tb Shedd's spread country crock
    1/2 c  Parmesan cheese; grated
    1/4 c  Dry bread crumbs
      1 ts Oregano
      1 ts Parsley
    1/4 ts Paprika
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Black pepper
 
  Recipe by: Kraft recipe Preparation Time: 0:30 Heat oven to 400F.
  Spray 15x10x1" baking pan with no-stick cooking spray.
   Dip chicken in Shedd spread; coat with combined remaining
  ingredients. Place in prepared pan.  Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until
  tender.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100% WHOLE WHEAT BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Water
      3 pk Yeast
      1 tb Sugar
      8 c  Scalded Milk
    2/3 c  Shortening
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Molasses
      2 tb Salt
     12 c  Whole Wheat Flour
 
  Dissolve yeast in 2/3 c water while your milk is cooling. Dissolve 1
  cup sugar in the hot milk.  Stir all ingredients in large bowl, turn
  out and knead about 5 minutes, adding flour if needed. Knead about 5
  minutes. Let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.
  Knead down and shape into 6 loaves, let rise until doubled in pans.
  Bake at 375 degrees F. for 40 minutes.  Turn out on wire rack and let
  cool to cold before slicing, if you can. NOTE: Raisins and/or walnuts
  can be added for a change. Also this bread freezes well.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100% WHOLE WHEAT BREAD (ABM)
 Categories: Digest, Sept., Abm
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/8 c  Water
      3 c  Whole Wheat Flour
      3 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Active Dry Yeast
 
  This is pretty heavy bread, but I like it that way. For a better
  raise, try adding 1/3 cup of gluten, and you may need a bit more
  water, then.
  
  Use Whole Wheat mode. Timer ok.
  
  Note: Whole wheat varies greatly in how much water it absorbs. The
  amounts of water shown are the ones that work for me. Check on the
  dough after the first few minutes of kneading. If it is too thin, add
  flour, 1 T at the time. If the dough is too dry and does not form a
  smooth ball, add water, 1 T at the time. Since bread machines can
  handle relatively moist do, it is better to err on the moist side
  (which will result in heavier bread, if it is much too much).
  
  From: vmh@intellicorp.com (Valerie). Fatfree Digest [Volume 10 Issue
  41], Sept. 21, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100% WHOLE WHEAT BREAD (MACHINE) - LARGE LOAF
 Categories: Breads, Breadmakers
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
  1 1/2 c  + 2 T   Water
  3 3/4 c  Wheat bread flour
      2 tb Dry milk
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Butter
      2 tb Honey
  1 1/2 tb Gluten
      1 tb Molasses
  1 1/8 ts Yeast, fast rise or machine
           - or -
      3 ts Yeast, active dry
 
  Source:  Electric Bread
  
  The trick to making 100% whole wheat bread in your machine is an extra
  knead, which gives the yeast and gluten a second chance to create a
  lighter loaf.  When your first knead cycle is completed, simply reset
  the machine and start again - or use the whole wheat cycle, if it's
  available on your machine.
  
                               Success Hints
                               -------------
  
  If your market doesn't stock wheat gluten, try your local health food
  store.
  
  Remember the extra knead (as usual for wheat bread) - it's especially
  important for 100% whole wheat bread! You should use only the regular
  bake cycle.
  
  Posted by Dan Klepach to the Fidonet COOKING echo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 100% WHOLE WHEAT BREAD FOR BREAD MACHINE
 Categories: Breadmaker, Breads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------REGULAR LOAF-----------------------------
      1 c  Water
  2 1/2 c  Wheat bread flour
  1 1/4 tb Dry milk
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 tb Butter
  1 1/4 tb Honey
      1 tb Gluten
      2 ts Molasses
  1 1/2 ts Fast-Rise yeast *** OR ***
      2 ts Active-Dry yeast

MMMMM-------------------------LARGE LOAF------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  + 2 tb Water
  3 3/4 c  Wheat bread flour
      2 tb Dry milk
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Butter
      2 tb Honey
  1 1/2 tb Gluten
      1 tb Molasses
  2 1/8 ts Fast-Rise yeast *** OR ***
      3 ts Active-Dry yeast
 
  The trick to making 100% whole wheat bread in your machine is an extra
  knead, which gives the yeast and gluten a second chance to create a
  lighter loaf.  When your first knead cycle is completed, simply reset
  the machine and start again.  Some manufacturers produce home
  bakeries with a whole wheat cycle; if your machine doesn't have one,
  this start- again method works as an easy alternative. SUCCESS HINTS:
  The gluten gives the whole wheat flour the structure necessary for a
  good loaf. If your market doesn't stock wheat gluten, try your local
  health food store. Remember the extra knead.  It's especially
  important in 100% whole wheat bread. Because of the extra knead, us
  this recipe only on the regular bake cycle. CALORIES: 125 PROTEIN:
  14% CHOLESTEROL: 3.98mg CARBOHYDRATES: 73% SODIUM: 218mg FAT: 13%
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1000 ISLAND DRESSING #2
 Categories: Dressings, Salads
      Yield: 1 Qt
 
      1    Egg, hard boiled
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
    1/4 c  Milk
      2 tb Ketchup
      2 tb Green hamburger relish
      1 tb Chopped green pepper
      1 tb Dehyrated onion flakes
 
  Mash egg with fork, stir in rest of the ingredients. Walt MM
  
  From:	matejka@bga.Com (Anita A. Matejkadate:	96-09-09 23:43:38 Edt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1000 ISLAND DRESSING (FANNY FARMER COOKBOOK)
 Categories: Dressings, Salads
      Yield: 1 Pt
 
    1/3 c  Salad oil
      2 tb Orange juice
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 ts Paprika
      2 ts Minced onion
      2 ts Worcestershire sauce
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
      2 ts Minced parsley
           Salt to taste
 
  Combine in pint jar, put lid on securely & shake until well blended.
  Walt MM
  
  From:	matejka@bga.Com (Anita A. Matejkadate:	96-09-09 23:43:38 Edt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1001 COOKIEMIX
 Categories: Mixes, Oamc, Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      5 c  Flour
  3 3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Baking powder
      2 ts Salt
      1 c  Plus 2 tbsp butter or
           Margarine, softened
 
  1001 Cookie Mix Spoon flour into measuring cup and level with
  spatula. Put in a large bowl with at least a 4-quart capacity.
  Measure sugar, baking powder and salt into flour. Stir until mixture
  is thoroughly blended. Add butter and use pastry blender or clean
  hands to work into dry ingredients until mixture resembles coarse
  meal. Store covered in airtight container in refrigerator or freezer.
  Do not press down. Use mix at room temperature. Spoon lightly into
  measuring cup level with spatula. NOTES: Do not sift flour. Spoon it
  lightly into a standard measuring cup and level off. If you use
  margarine in this mixture, do not use diet, whipped or soft versions.
  Have all ingredients at room temperature.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 101 GARLIC CHICKEN
 Categories: Garlic, Poultry, Main dish
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
     10 ea Whole chicken breasts
           Split, boned and skinned
           Salt and pepper
      2 c  Champange
    101 ea Unpeeled cloves fresh garlic
 
  Place chicken in ungreased baking pan, 12 x 16 or 18 inches. Sprinkle
  with salt and pepper and pour champagne over. Place garlic cloves
  around and between chicken pieces.  Cover pan with foil.  Bake at 350
  degrees for 1 1/2 hours.  Remove chicken to large seving platter and
  place garlic around chicken.  Tell guests to such the garlic out of
  its skin, that it is deliciously sweet.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1047004 CAJUN FRIED POTATOES
 Categories: Side dishes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 lg White potatoes, unpared,
           -scrubbed
           -Boiling, salted water
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground white pepper
    1/4 ts Ground black pepper
    1/4 ts Onion powder
    1/4 ts Garlic powder
    1/8 ts Ground cumin
    1/8 ts Ground cayenne pepper
           -About 2 c. oil, for frying
 
  Cut the potatoes into 1" cubes.  Add to boiling salted water. Cook
  just until fork tender but not mushy, about 7 minutes. Drain and cool.
  Meanwhile, in a bowl, combine the salt, peppers, onion and garlic
  power, cumin and cayenne pepper.  Add the potatoes to the spices.
  Toss to coat all pieces evenly.  You may do this much in advance and
  hold the potatoes as long as an hour before completing the dish. Heat
  about 1" oil in a wok or deep skillet to about 350 degrees or until a
  piece of potato sizzles when added to the oil. Add the potatoes. Fry
  until golden brown on all sides, turning frequently. Remove from fat,
  drain and serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 112544 -- ALMOND  POPPY  SEED  TEA  BREAD
 Categories: B, R, E, A
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour
  2 1/2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
      3    Eggs
  1 1/2 c  Milk
      1 c  + 2 tbsp. oil
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 ts Almond flavoring
    1/4 c  Poppy seeds

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
    1/4 c  Orange juice
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Almond extract
 
  Blend all ingredients until well blended.  Pour into greased tins.
  Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour. Makes 2 large, 3 medium or 4 small
  loaves. Heat all glaze ingredients until sugar melts. Brush on cooled
  breads with a pastry brush.  Allow glaze to harden before wrapping.
  Enjoy!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 114161 -- ALMOND  POPPY  SEED  BREAD
 Categories: B, R, E, A
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour
  2 3/4 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      3 ts Each poppy seeds, vanilla,
           Butter and almond flavoring
      3    Eggs
  1 1/2 c  Milk
  1 1/2 c  Oil
 
  Blend together in one bowl and beat 2 minutes with electric beater.
  Turn into 2 greased loaf pan (or 4 mini loaf pans). Bake
  approximately 60 minutes at 350 degrees. A toothpick inserted in
  center and coming out clean indicates bread is done. Glaze: If
  desired, blend in saucepan 1/2 cup orange juice, 3/4 cup sugar and
  1/2 teaspoon of above flavorings. Bring to a boil, simmer for 5
  minutes. Brush on loaves while warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 12 GRAIN BREAD (ABM)
 Categories: Digest, Oct., Abm
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/8 c  Water/milk
      3 tb Fruit concentrate
  1 1/2 tb Maple syrup/honey
    1/3    To 3/4 tsp salt
  1 1/2    To 3 Tbs vital gluten (opt.)
    3/4 c  12 grain flour
  2 1/4 c  Whole wheat flour
  1 1/2 ts Yeast
 
  12 grain flour may be purchased mail order from a below listed source.
  Also, 7/9 grain cereal may be ground into flour - Flour Equivalent 3
  cups
  
  Here are some mail order sources: Arrowhead Mills - 806-346-0730
  Garden Spot Distrib. 800-829-5100 Great Valley Mills - 215-256-6648
  Jaffee Bros. Inc - 619-749-1282 King Arthur Flour - 802-649-3881
  Walnut Acres - 800-433-3998
  
  Posted by "Rob Ryerson" <RYERSONRA@compctr.ccs.csus.edu>. Recipes
  extracted from the FATFREE Vegetarian Mailing List/Digest Fatfree
  Digest [Volume 11 Issue 7], Oct. 7, 1994., collection copyright
  Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV, a Meal-Master utility by
  Rodney Grantham.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 123 MEATLOAF
 Categories: Main dish, Meats
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 lb HAMBURGER
      1 cn EVAPORATED MILK
      1 pk ONION SOUP MIX
 
  Mix all ingredients together and put in loaf pan.  Bake at 350 for
  about 1 hour or until done.  Top with tomato sauce or ketchup.
  
  Variation:  Put cheese and/or mushrooms in middle of meatloaf.  Nice
  Change.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 14 CARAT GOLD CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 15 Servings
 
  1 3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 c  Whole wheat flour
      2 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Cinnamon
      2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 c  Vegetable oil
      8 oz Pineapple; crushed, drained
      2 c  Carrot pieces
    1/2 c  Walnuts
  3 1/2 oz Coconut; flaked
      4    Eggs
    1/2 c  Apricot jam
    3/4 c  Walnuts
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour three 9" round baking
  pans. Mix together flour, baking powder, cinnamon, sugar, baking soda
  and salt in large mixing bowl. Set aside. Assemble electric blender.
  Put 1/2 cup walnuts in blender container. Cover and process two
  cycles at grind. Add to dry ingredients. Put oil, pineapple and
  carrot pieces into blender container. Cover and process five cycles
  at grind until carrots are finely chopped. Pour into bowl with dry
  ingredients. Add eggs and coconut Mix with electric mixer at medium
  low speed until ingredients are moistened. Increase speed to medium
  and continue to mix one minute. Pour into prepared pans. Bake 30 to
  35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
  Cool for 10 minutes, remove from pan and cool on wire rack. When
  cool, frost top of each layer with Cream Cheese Frosting. Place
  layers on top of one another. Assemble blender. Add 3/4 cup walnuts
  to blender container. Cover and process 2 cycles at grind. Set aside.
  Heat apricot jam in small saucepan over medium heat until melted.
  Brush sides of cake with melted jam. Sprinkle sides with
  choppedwalnuts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 14-CARAT CAKE WITH VANILLA CREAM CHEESE FROST
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Ground cinnamon
      4    Eggs
      2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 c  Oil
      2 c  Grated raw carrots
  8 1/2 oz Canned crushed pineapple
           - drained
    1/2 c  Chopped nuts

MMMMM----------------VANILLA CREAM CHEESE FROSTIN---------------------
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
      8 oz Cream cheese; softened
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 lb Powdered sugar; sifted
 
  Sift together flour, baking powder, soda, salt and cinnamon. Beat
  eggs and add sugar. Let stand until sugar dissolves, about 10
  minutes. Stir in oil, carrots, drained pineapple and nuts. Turn into
  3 greased and floured 9-inch round cake pans or 1 (13- x 9-inch) pan
  and bake at 350F 35 to 40 minutes for layer pans and about 55 minutes
  for 13- x 9-inch pan, or until cake springs back when lightly
  touched. Cool in pans about 10 minutes, then turn onto wire racks to
  cool completely.
  
  To make frosting, combine butter, cream cheese and vanilla in large
  bowl and beat until well blended. Add powdered sugar gradually,
  beating vigorously. If too thick, thin with milk to spreading
  consistency. Frost between layers, top and sides of layer cake. Frost
  top and sides of sheet cake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 14-DAY SWEET PICKLES
 Categories: Pickles, Canning
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      4 lb Of pickling cucumbers*
           -- (2- to 5-inch)
    3/4 c  Canning or pickling salt
           -(Separated in thirds)
      2 ts Celery seed
      2 tb Mixed pickling spices
  5 1/2 c  Sugar
      4 c  Vinegar (5 percent)
 
  *(If packed whole, use cucumbers of uniform size)
  
  Can be canned whole, in strips, or in slices.
  
  Yield: About 5 to 9 pints
  
  Procedure: Wash cucumbers. Cut 1/16-inch slice off blossom end and
  discard, but leave 1/4-inch of stem attached. Place whole cucumbers
  in suitable 1-gallon container. Add 1/4 cup canning or pickling salt
  to 2 quarts water and bring to a boil. Pour over cucumbers. Add
  suitable cover and weight. Place clean towel over container and keep
  the temperature at about 70 degrees F.
  
  On the third and fifth days, drain salt water and discard. Rinse
  cucumbers and rescald cover and weight. Return cucumbers to
  container. Add 1/4 cup salt to 2 quarts fresh water and boil. Pour
  over cucumbers. Replace cover and weight, and re-cover with clean
  towel. On the seventh day, drain salt water and discard. Rinse
  cucumbers and rescald containers, cover, and weight. Slice or strip
  cucumbers, if desired, and return to container. Place celery seed and
  pickling spices in small cheesecloth bag. Combine 2 cups sugar and 4
  cups vinegar in a saucepan. Add spice bag, bring to a boil and pour
  pickling solution over cucumbers. Add cover and weight, and re-cover
  with clean towel.
  
  On each of the next six days, drain syrup and spice bag and save. Add
  1/2 cup sugar each day and bring to a boil in a saucepan. Remove
  cucumbers and rinse. Scald container, cover, and weight daily. Return
  cucumbers to container, add boiled syrup, cover, weight, and re-cover
  with towel.
  
  On the 14th day, drain syrup into saucepan. Fill sterile pint jars
  (for more information see "Jars and Lids") or clean quart jars,
  leaving 1/2-inch headspace. Add 1/2 cup sugar to syrup and bring to
  boil. Remove spice bag. Pour hot syrup over cucumbers, leaving
  1/2-inch headspace. Adjust lids and process according to the
  recommendations in Table 1 or use low-temperature pasteurization
  treatment. (For more information see "Low-Temperature Pasteurization
  Treatment".) Table 1. Recommended process time for 14-day Sweet
  Pickles in a boiling-water canner.
  
  Style of Pack: Raw.  Jar Size: Pints. Process Time at Altitudes of 0 -
  1,000 ft: 5 min.
                         1,001 - 6,000 ft: 10 min.
                           Above 6,000 ft: 15 min.
  
  Style of Pack: Raw.  Jar Size: Quarts. Process Time at Altitudes of 0
  ~ 1,000 ft: 10 min.
                         1,001 - 6,000 ft: 15 min.
                           Above 6,000 ft: 20 min.
  
  ======================================================= === * USDA
  Agriculture Information Bulletin No. 539 (rev. 1994) * Meal-Master
  format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 14-MINUTE MAPLE CANDY
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Maple sirup
      1 c  Cream
    1/4 c  Butter
      1 c  Nut meats, chopped
      1 ts Lemon extract
 
  Cook the maple sirup, cream, and butter for 9 minutes after the
  boiling point is reached.  Remove from heat, add the nut meats and
  extract and stir for 5 minutes. Pour into buttered pans and when
  cool, cut into squares.
  
  From: Culinary Arts Institute Encyclopedic CookBook Shared By: Pat
  Stockett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 146190 LOW FAT ALFREDO SAUCE
 Categories: Low fat, Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn Evaporated skim milk
      6 oz Parmesan cheese, low fat
           -Pepper to taste
 
  Warm milk, add cheese until melted and thickened.  Add pepper. I
  usually add a medium white sauce to make more and lighten the taste.
  Also, crab meat, broccoli, spinach, mushrooms can be added; mixed or
  separately. Have fun with it and pour over pasta.  (White sauce is
  also good made with evaporated skim milk.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 146498 CORN FRITTERS
 Categories: Corn, Sidedish, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     10 oz Pkg. Green giant frozen
           -cream style corn
           -Oil for deep frying
    1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Yellow cornmeal
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Instant minced onion
    1/2 ts Salt
      2    Eggs
 
  Place unopened corn pouch in warm water for 10 to 15 minutes to thaw.
  In deep fat fryer or heavy saucepan, heat 2 to 3 inches of oil to 375
  degrees. In medium bowl, combine thawed corn and remaining
  ingredients; stir until well combined.  Drop batter by level
  tablespoonfuls into hot oil, 375 degrees.  Fry 2 to 3 minutes or
  until golden brown. Drain on paper towel. 24 to 28 fritters. TIP:
  Corn Fritters can be served with maple syrup or sprinkled with
  powdered sugar.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 15  MINUTE  CHICKEN  A  LA  KING
 Categories: Chicken
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pk Swiss mushroom soup mix
      1 pk Instant chicken gravy
  2 1/2 c  Water
      1 c  Milk
      3 c  Cooked, diced chicken
      1    (2 oz.) jar pimento, sliced
      4 oz Mushrooms, sliced and
           Sauteed
           Sherry or white wine
           (optional)
 
  Mix soup mix with water; heat to boiling, stirring constantly. Let
  simmer, covered, for several minutes. Bring back to boiling. Add
  gravy mix and milk. Stir to blend. Cook several minutes. Add chicken,
  pimento, mushrooms, and sherry or wine if desired. Taste before
  seasoning with salt and pepper. To serve: Heat thoroughly and serve
  over rice. For added flavor and color, add 2 tablespoons chopped
  parsley to the rice. Serves 4 to 6. Can be made ahead. Freezes well.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 15 BEAN & WINTER SQUASH NOT CHILI
 Categories: Bean/legume, Soups/stews
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  15 bean mixture, soaked
           -overnight and drained
      7 c  Water
      1 tb Canola oil
      1 lg Red onion, diced
      1 lg Green or red bell pepper
           -seeded and diced
      2    Stalks celery, diced
      3    Cloves garlic, minced
      2 c  Peeled and diced butternut
           -squash
     15 oz Can stewed tomatoes
    1/4 c  Tomato paste
      1 tb Dried oregano
      2 tb Chili powder
  1 1/2 ts Cumin
      1 ts Black pepper
      1 ts Salt
 
  In a large saucepan, combine bean mixture and water; bring to a
  simmer. Cook uncovered over med low heat, stirring occasionally,
  until beans are tender, about 1 1/2 hours. Drain, reserve 3c cooking
  liquid.
  
  In another large saucepan, heat oil.  Add onion, bell pepper, celery
  and garlic; saute 5-7 mins.  Stir in cooked beans, cooking liquid,
  squash, stewed tomatoes, tomato paste and seasonings. Cook 30 mins
  over low heat, stirring occasionally.  Remove from heat, cover and
  let stand 5-10 mins before serving.
  
  Ladle into not-chili bowls.  Makes 6-8 servings.
  
  Note:  15 bean mixtures are available packaged in supermarkets and
  health food stores.  If you prefer, make your own by combining equal
  amounts of dried blackeyed peas, red kidney beans, white kidney beans
  (cannellini), green lentils, split peas, black beans, yellow split
  peas, navy beans, cranberry (Roman, shell, or shell out) beans, great
  Northern beans, pinto beans, small white limas, red lentils, cow peas
  (field peas), and pink beans.  Avoid using beans such as garbanzos
  and large lima beans, as these take longer to cook than other
  varities.
  
  Per serving:: 215 cals, 10g prog, 3g fat, 41g carb, 0 chol, 578mg
  sod, 11g fiber From Vegetarian Times, January 1996 Typed by Lisa
  Greenwood
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 15 MIN LEMON CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           -(DSMD41A)
    1/3 c  Powdered sugar
  1 1/2 c  Graham cracker crumbs
    1/2 c  Butter/oleo; melted
      8 oz Cream cheese
      2 c  Milk
      1 pk Instant lemon pudding
 
  Mix sugar; crumbs, and oleo. Bake as for crumb crust. Mix cream cheese
  until smooth. Gradually blend in 1/2 cup milk until smooth and
  creamy. Add remaining milk and pudding mix. Beat slowly with egg
  beater for 1 minute. Do not overbeat. Pour into cooled crust. Chill
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 15-MINUTE CREAMY FETTUCCINI ALFREDO
 Categories: Dairy & egg, Pasta, Tightwad
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        8 oz cream cheese -- cubed
      3/4 c  grated Parmesan cheese
        1    stick butter -- softened
      1/2 c  heavy cream
        8 oz fettucine -- cooked &
  :          drained
      1/8 ts fresh grated nutmeg
  
  In a large saucepan, stir together the cream cheese, parmesan,
  butter, and cream. Heat, stirring, until smooth. Add hot, cooked
  fettuccini, and toss until well covered. Serve immediately, sprinkled
  with nutmeg.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  NOTES : Margarine, and milk can be substituted for the butter and
  cream for the weakat heart. Recipe By
  : General Foods
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 15-MINUTE SUPER SUNDAE PIE
 Categories: Desserts, Pies, Kooknet
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 qt Vanilla ice cream
      1    KEEBLER READY CRUST Graham
           -Cracker Pie Crust
      1 cn SMUCKER'S Strawberry Topping
      1 pk SMUCKER'S Chocolate Sundae
           -Syrup
    1/4 c  Chopped nuts
           Whipped topping or non-dairy
           -whipped topping
           Maraschino cherries
 
  In a mixing bowl, stir slightly softened ice cream until smooth.
  Spoon the ice cream into the pie crust and cover with the inverted
  plastic lid. Place pie in freezer for several hours, until hard.
  
  TO SERVE: Remove pie from freezer and let stand for 10 minutes to
  soften. Spoon Smucker's Strawberry Topping ont serving plate. Cut pie
  and palce slice on plate. Garnish generously with Smucker's Chocolate
  Sundae Syrup, and other toppings as desired. Return unused portion to
  freezer.
  
  Preparation time: 15 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 150 YEAR OLD OATMEAL COOKIES::GWHP32A
 Categories: Cookies, Dairy, Katesmith, Family
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      1 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Lard
      3 ea Egg yolks
      2 c  Flour
      2 c  Oatmeal; old fashioned
    1/2 c  Raisins; chopped
    1/2 c  Walnuts; chopped

MMMMM------------------DISOLVE IN 1/2 C. WATER-----------------------
      1 ts Soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
      3 ea Egg whites; well beaten
 
  Mix ingredients, add the egg whites last.  This is a very stiff
  mixture - but do not moisten.  Drop with tsp. 2 inches apart. Bake in
  moderate oven.---Barb
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 16 OZ. ZITI NOODLES
 Categories: M, A, I, N, D
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Ground beef
     15 oz Ricotta cheese
    1/2 c  Parmesan cheese
    1/4 c  Chopped parsley
      1    Egg, slightly beaten
    3/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
     29 oz Jar spaghetti sauce
      8 oz Shredded mozzarella cheese
 
  Prepare ziti according to package.  Brown beef. Remove from heat and
  stir in ricotta cheese and next five ingredients. Add 1/2 of sauce
  and mix well. Add ziti and toss to cover. Put in 9 x 13 inch pan.
  Spread balance of spaghetti sauce on top of mixture, sprinkle with
  mozzarella cheese. Bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 16" PIZZA DELUXE
 Categories: Pizza, Famfavorite
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ea 16" PIZZA CRUST
  1 1/4 lb LEAN GROUND ROUND
      3 oz PEPPERONI
     14 oz PIZZA SAUCE, HOMEMADE
     12 oz MOZZARELLA CHEESE, PART SKIM
 
  COOK GROUND ROUND AND DRAIN. RINSE BEEF IN WARM WATER TO CLEAR OF
  EXCESS FAT. RETURN TO SKILLET AND MIX WITH SAUCE, HEAT UNTIL WARMED
  THROUGH. SPREAD MEAT AND SAUCE ON PREPARED CRUST IN 16" PIZZA PAN.
  SPREAD 6 OZ. CHEESE ON THE MEAT. TOP WITH 3 OZ. PEPPERONI. PLACE 6
  OZ. CHEESE ON TOP OF THE PEPPERONI. PLACE IN COLD OVEN AND HEAT TO
  500 DEG F. BAKE UNTIL CHEESE IS MELTED AND CRUST IS GOLDEN BROWN. PER
  SERVING: 530 CALORIES, 22g FAT, 839mg SODIUM, 55mg CHOL.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 16TH-STREET STEW
 Categories: Crs, Totest, Post, Chopmeat
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Ground beef
      1 md Chopped onion
      4 sl Bacon diced
      1    Chopped green pepper
      3    Potatoes peeled and diced
      2 ts Mustard
      3    Beef bouillon cubes
    1/4 ts Pepper
      2 c  Boiling water
      6 tb Vineger
 
  Brown meat, onion, bacon and green pepper; drain. Stir in remaining
  ingredients. Simmer unitl potatoes are tender over low heat, about 45
  mins.
  
  Taste of Home Ground Beef Collection 1996 Edition
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 18 MINUTE CHOCOLATE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  FLOUR
  1 3/4 c  SUGAR
    1/4 ts SALT
      4 tb COCOA
      1 c  COLD WATER
    1/2 c  VEGETABLE OIL
    1/2 c  BUTTER
    1/2 c  BUTTERMILK
      2 x  EGGS
      1 ts SODA
 
  COMBINE FLOUR, SUGAR, SALT AND COCOA IN A LARGE BOWL. MIX IN A SAUCE
  PAN, WATER, OIL AND BUTTER. BRING TO A BOIL. POUR INTO DRY MIX AND
  BEAT UNTIL SMOOTH. ADD BUTTERMILK, EGGS AND SODA. BEAT; BATTER WILL
  BE THIN. POUR INTO WELL GREASED JEELY ROLL PAN. COOL ON A WIRE RACK;
  WHILE STILL A LITTLE WARM, FROST WITH ROCKY ROAD FROSTING (SEE RECIPE
  ON PAGE XX).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1905 SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Cuba
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      1 md Lettuce, Iceburg; chopped
      4    Tomatoes; diced
    1/2 lb Cheese, Swiss; julienned
      6 oz Ham; julienned
    2/3 c  Olives, spanish; pitted
      3 ts Cheese, Romano; grated
      1    Lemon; juiced

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Vinegar, while
      1 c  Oil, olive
      8    Garlic clove; minced
      2 ts Oregano
      2 ts Worcestershire sauce
           Salt; taste
           Pepper, black, ground; taste
 
  Put lettuce in mixing bowl.  Add tomatoes, ham, and cheese. Top with
  spanish olives.  Pour dressing on top and add grated Romano cheese and
  lemon juice. Toss all ingredients together and serve on chilled
  plates.
  
  Dressing:  Put into bowl minced garlic, oregano, and Worcestershire
  sauce. Beat until smooth with whisk. Add oil gradually and finally
  add vinegar, beating continuously.
  
  Source:  Columbia Restaurant (Sarasota, FL)
  
  MM by Sue Woodward (72772,2247/CIS; S.WOODWARD/GEnie; SWOODWARD/NVN)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1937 SODA BREAD
 Categories: Heritage
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------EILEEN LAMPARELLI CGDR39A----------------------
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Cream of tartar
      1 ts Sugar
           Flour
           Sour milk or buttermilk
 
  Combine the first 4 ingredients and then rub them through a sieve. For
  making white soda bread use 1/2 of the soda mizture to 1 Cup of
  flour. Then mix as a soft drop dough with sour milk. Pour into a
  well-greased pan and bake in a 450 oven for 12 minutes. For Brown
  Soda Bread use 1 cup of whole wheat flour and 1/2 C white flour with
  3/4 tsp. of the soda mixture and bake as above.
  
  *When the original knob on your tea kettle lid comes off, use an empty
  spool cut in two, and fastened with a bolt and burr.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1943 BAKED BEAN SANDWICH
 Categories: Heritage, Sandwiches
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------EILEEN LAMPARELLI CGDR39A----------------------
      1 c  Baked beans
    1/4 c  Walnuts; chopped
    1/4 c  Celery; chopped
      2 ts Onion; minced
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Pickle; chopped
      2 ts Catsup
           Buttered whole wheat bread
 
  Just combine everything except the bread, mix well. Spread on buttered
  bread and enjoy!
  
  Slip a rubber bathing cap over your hair while sweeping or dusting,
  for the dust will not sift thru this as it will when you wear a cloth
  dust cap. This will be found especially useful when emptying the
  carpet sweeper or the bag of the vacuum cleaner.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1948 ORIGINAL BBQ SAUCE
 Categories: Bbq sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 md Onion; chopped
      2    Cl Garlic; minced
      2 tb Butter; melted
      1 lg Can whole  tomatos (14 1/2oz
      8 oz Tomato paste
    1/2 c  Celery; chopped
    1/3 c  Vinegar
    1/4 c  Green pepper; chopped
      2    Fresh celery leaves; chopped
      1    Bay leaf
      3 tb Molasses
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Dry mustard
      2 ts Tabasco sauce; to taste
    1/2 ts Clove; ground
    1/2 ts Allspice; ground
      2 sl Lemon
 
  Saute onion and garlic in butter in a saucepan until tender. stir in
  remaining ingredients; bring to boil. Reduce heat and simmer,
  uncovered, 30 minutes; stir occasionally. Discard bay leaf and lemon
  slices. Process through a food processer if desired. Use sauce for
  basting and as a side dish for dipping. Yield 3 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1981 WINNING RECIPE CHILI
 Categories: Main dish, Ethnic, Mexican, Chili
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  2 1/2 lb Beef brisket, 1" cubes
      1 lb Lean pork, ground
           Large onion, chopped fine
      2 tb Wesson oil
      3 x  Garlic cloves, minced
      2 tb Diced green chilies
      8 oz Tomato sauce
           Salt and pepper to taste
           Beef bouillon cube
     12 oz Budweiser beer
  1 1/4 c  Water
      6 tb Chili powder
  2 1/2 tb Ground cumin
    1/8 ts Dry mustard
    1/8 ts Brown sugar
           Oregano, pinch
 
  In a large kettle or Dutch oven, brown the Beef, Pork and Onions in
  hot Wesson Oil.  Add Salt and Pepper to taste. Add remaining
  ingredients. Stir well.   Cover and simmer 3 to 4 hours, until meat
  is tender and Chili is thick and bubbly.  Stir occasionally.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1981 WINNING RECIPE CHILI - MEXICAN
 Categories: Ethnic, Chili
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  2 1/2 lb Beef brisket, 1" cubes
      1 lb Lean pork, ground
           Large onion, chopped fine
      2 tb Wesson oil
      3 x  Garlic cloves, minced
      2 tb Diced green chilies
      8 oz Tomato sauce
           Salt and pepper to taste
           Beef bouillon cube
     12 oz Budweiser beer
  1 1/4 c  Water
      6 tb Chili powder
  2 1/2 tb Ground cumin
    1/8 ts Dry mustard
    1/8 ts Brown sugar
           Oregano, pinch
 
  In a large kettle or Dutch oven, brown the Beef, Pork and Onions in
  hot Wesson Oil. Add Salt and Pepper to taste. Add remaining
  ingredients. Stir well. Cover and simmer 3 to 4 hours, until meat is
  tender and Chili is thick and bubbly.  Stir occasionally.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1981 WORLD CHAMP BUTTERFIELD STAGELINE CHILI
 Categories: Meats, Chili
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
      4    Medium onions, minced
     10 lb Lean beef brisket, finely ch
    1/4 c  Oil
  1 1/2    Cloves garlic; minced
      2 lb Ground pork
      7 oz Whole green chiles; minced
     15 oz Tomato sauce
      1 lb Whole tomatoes; finely chopp
      1 tb Cumin
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Oregano
      1 tb Dry mustard
      1 oz Tequila
      1 cn Beer
      3 oz Chili powder
      2    Beef bouillon cubes
 
  Brown onions, and beef in oil. Stir in garlic, pork, chiles, cumin,
  oregano, salt, dry mustard, tomato sauce, tomatoes, tequila, beer,
  chili powder and bouillon cubes. Bring to boil then reduce heat and
  simmer 2-3 hours. Stir occasionally. Do not stir the last 30 min
  before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1981 WORLD CHAMPION BUTTERFIELD STAGELINE CHI
 Categories: Chili, Beef, Pork, Vegetables, Main dish
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
      4 md Onions; minced
     10 lb Lean beef brisket;fine chop
    1/4 c  Oil
  1 1/2    Cloves garlic; minced
      2 lb Ground pork
      7 oz Whole green chiles; minced
     15 oz Tomato sauce
      1 lb Whole tomatoes; fine chop
      1 tb Cumin
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Oregano
      1 tb Dry mustard
      1 oz Tequila
      1 cn Beer
      6 oz Chili powder ;(2 jars)
      2    Beef bouillon cubes
 
    Brown onions and beef in oil. Stir in garlic, pork, chiles, cumin,
  oregano, alt, dry mustard, tomato sauce, tomatoes, tequila, beer,
  chili powder and bouillon cubes.
    Bring to boil, then reduce heat and simmer 2-3 hours. Stir
  occasionally. Do not stir the last 30 minutes before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1981 WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP BUTTERFIELD STAGELINE
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
      4 ea Medium onions, minced
     10 lb Lean beef brisket, finely ch
    1/4 c  Oil
  1 1/2 ea Cloves garlic, minced
      2 lb Ground pork
      1 cn (7oz) whole green chiles, mi
      1 cn (15oz) tomato sauce
      1 lb Whole tomatoes, finely chopp
      1 tb Cumin
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Oregano
      1 tb Dry mustard
      1 oz Tequila
      1 ea Can beer
      3 oz Jar chili powder
      2 ea Beef bouillon cubes
 
  Brown onions, and beef in oil. Stir in garlic, pork, chiles, cumin,
  oregano, salt, dry mustard, tomato sauce, tomatoes, tequila, beer,
  chili powder and bouillon cubes.
    Bring to boil, then reduce heat and simmer 2-3 hours. Stir
  occasionally. Do not stir the last 30 min before serving. Serves 25
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1981 WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP BUTTERFIELD STAGELINE
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
      4 ea Medium onions, minced
     10 lb Lean beef brisket, finely ch
    1/4 c  Oil
  1 1/2 ea Cloves garlic, minced
      2 lb Ground pork
      1 cn (7oz) whole green chiles, mi
      1 cn (15oz) tomato sauce
      1 lb Whole tomatoes, finely chopp
      1 tb Cumin
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Oregano
      1 tb Dry mustard
      1 oz Tequila
      1 ea Can beer
      3 oz Jar chili powder
      2 ea Beef bouillon cubes
 
  Brown onions, and beef in oil. Stir in garlic, pork, chiles, cumin,
  oregano, salt, dry mustard, tomato sauce, tomatoes, tequila, beer,
  chili powder and bouillon cubes. Bring to boil, then reduce heat and
  simmer 2-3 hours. Stir occasionally. Do not stir the last 30 min
  before serving. Serves 25 From: Carl Berger (Cooking Echo)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1986 WINNER: ALMOND THUMBPRINT COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------COOKIES-------------------------------
      2 c  Sifted all-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 c  Butter
    3/4 c  Grated unblanched almonds
      2 ts Vanilla

MMMMM--------------------------FROSTING-------------------------------
      6 tb Butter
    1/3 c  Half-and-half
    2/3 c  Packed brown sugar
      2 c  Confectioners' sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
           Chopped pistachio nuts
           For garnish
 
  Preparation time: 45 minutes Baking time: 16 minutes
  
    1. Heat oven to 350 degrees. For cookies, sift flour, sugar and
  salt into bowl. Cut in 1 cup butter with pastry blender until mixture
  resembles coarse crumbs. Blend in almonds and vanilla. Work mixture
  with fingers until a ball of dough is formed. Then shape into 1-inch
  balls.
    2. Place balls on greased cookie sheets; make a depression in
  center of each cookie. Bake about 8 minutes; remove from oven. Dent
  again and bake about 8 minutes longer; cool.
    3. For frosting, blend 6 tablespoons butter, half-and-half and brown
  sugar in saucepan. Boil 2 minutes, stirring constantly; remove from
  heat. Cool about 15 minutes, then stir in confectioners' sugar and
  vanilla. Beat until smooth and thick.
    4. Fill depressions in cookies with butterscotch frosting and
  sprinkle frosting with nuts.
    Winner Penney L. Haney of Kenosha described these cookies: "Oh, the
  aroma! Dad knew his 'girls' had been baking as soon as he stepped in
  the back door, brushing snowflakes from his coat. He warmed his hands
  over the hot oven, slowly recovering feeling in his fingertips, numb
  from stringing red, yellow, blue, green and white lights in the pines
  in the yard. His chore and our special treat combined each year to
  mark the beginning of our holiday preparations.
    "While chatting to Mom about trying to locate the single,
  burned-out bulb that had kept an entire strand out, he watched me,
  his tiny daughter, with not so dexterous fingers, shaping dough into
  big marbles. I had to kneel on a wooden chair to reach the table,
  with Mom's brightly-colored apron wrapped around me nearly twice,
  held together in back by a giant safety pin." from the Chicago
  Tribune annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 4, 1986
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1986 WINNER: BUTTER CRISPS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Unsalted butter, at room
           Temperature
      1 c  Granulated sugar
      3 ea Egg yolks
  1 1/2 ts Grated lemon rind
  1 1/2 ts Lemon juice
  1 1/2 ts Cherry liqueur (Kirsch)
    1/8 ts Salt
      2 c  All-purpose flour
           Colored sugar crystals or
           Plain pearl sugar crystals
 
  Preparation time: 35 minutes Chilling time: 1 hour Baking time: 10
  minutes
  
    1. Beat butter, sugar, egg yolks, lemon rind, lemon juice, cherry
  liqueur and salt in large mixer bowl. Stir in the flour. Shape into
  ball; cover and refrigerate for 1 hour.
  
    2. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Roll dough  1/8-inch thick on lightly
  floured cloth-covered board. Cut into desired shapes. Place on greased
  baking  sheet; sprinkle with sugar crystals. Bake 10 minutes (cookies
  should not brown). Cool on wire racks.
  
    3. Store in airtight container 2 days to develop flavor. Cookies
  can be stored in airtight container at room temperature up to 6 weeks
  or in freezer up to 2 months.
  
  Recipe from Debbie Vanni of Libertyville, Illinois. from the Chicago
  Tribune annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 4, 1986
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1986 WINNER: CHOCOLATE COVERED CHERRY COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 48 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Unsweetened cocoa powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine,
           Softened
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ea Egg
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
     48 ea Maraschino cherries

MMMMM--------------------------FROSTING-------------------------------
      6 oz Semisweet chocolate chips
    1/2 c  Sweetened condensed milk
           Cherry juice (4 to 5 tsp)
 
  Preparation time: 45 minutes Baking time: 10 minutes
  
    1. In bowl, stir together flour, cocoa, salt, baking powder and
  baking soda. In another bowl, beat butter and sugar until fluffy. Add
  egg and vanilla to butter-sugar mixture and beat well. Gradually add
  dry ingredients to butter-sugar mixture and beat until well blended.
    2. Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Place on ungreased cookie sheet
  and push down center of each ball with thumb. Drain cherries and
  reserve juice. Place 1 cherry in center of each indentation. Heat
  oven to 350 degrees.
    3. For frosting, put chocolate chips and sweetened condensed milk in
  small saucepan. Heat until chocolate melts. Stir in 4 teaspoons cherry
  juice.  If too thick, add more juice.
    4. Spoon 1 teaspoon frosting over each cherry. Spread to cover
  cherry. Bake 10 minutes or until done. Do not overcook. Remove to
  wire rack and cool.  The cookies freeze nicely.
    Winner Donna M. Farrell of Naperville entered her chocolate covered
  cherry cookie recipe: "Christmas and chocolate-covered cherries are
  forever entwined in my mind and memories. Not the expensive
  department store kind, mind you, with their dark bitter chocolate and
  runny syrup, but your basic Brach's. Each Christmas found the coveted
  white box stretching my stocking, two layers of cream-filled heaven
  with a cherry floating therein--and no requirement to share them with
  anyone.
    "Taste and calories have kept me away from the box of delights for
  many years, even after the incredible discovery that Brach's actually
  sold these morsels all year long. (How my parents managed to deceive
  me on this, I'll never know.) That is, until my mother-in-law came to
  Chicago one autumn with the ultimate cookie. A Christmas tradition in
  one bite. Nostalgia from the oven. Capable of reducing this
  36-year-old woman's taste buds and mentality to that of my 9-year-old
  daughter. A chocolate-covered cherry cookie!" from the Chicago
  Tribune annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 4, 1986
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1986 WINNER: COCONUT JOYS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
      2 c  Confectioners' sugar
      3 c  Flaked coconut
      1 tb Milk
      2 oz Semi-sweet chocolate, melted
 
  Preparation time: 30 minutes Chilling time: 1 hour
  
  1. Melt butter in saucepan. Remove from heat. Add sugar, coconut and
  milk. Mix well. Shape rounded teaspoon of mixture into balls. Make a
  dent in the center. Place on a cookie sheet lined with wax paper.
  
  2. Fill center with melted chocolate. Chill until firm. Store in
  refrigerator. These freeze wonderfully and look beautiful on a tray.
  
  Winner Shere Case of Hickory Hills describes her cookie entry:
  "Holiday preparation usually starts in September and continues until
  the night before Christmas. I have been doing this for almost 18
  years, and each year I add more recipes. This particular cookie,
  passed on to me by my sister- in-law, Diana Forkash of Wisconsin,
  ranks among the favorites of the family and friends. It looks
  absolutely gorgeous on a plate, tastes wonderful and is  absolutely
  the easiest thing to make. There is no baking time involved, and you
  can sit down on the job and enjoy doing them."
  
  from the Chicago Tribune annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest
  December 4, 1986
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1986 WINNER: IMPATIENT PERSON'S "I'M HUNGRY"
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      1 c  Unsalted butter, softened
      8 oz Cream cheese, softened
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ea Egg
      1 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
 
  Preparation time: 20 minutes Chilling time: Several hours Baking
  time: 10 to 15 minutes
  
    1. Cream butter and cream cheese in large mixer bowl. Beat in sugar
  until smooth. Beat in egg and vanilla. Stir in flour and baking
  powder. Chill several hours.
    2. Heat oven to 375 degrees. Roll dough into small balls. Place on
  ungreased cookie sheet. Flatten with a glass that has been dipped in
  vanilla sugar (sugar in which you have stored a vanilla bean) or plain
  sugar.
    3. Bake 10 to 15 minutes, until the edges are lightly browned. Cool
  on wire racks.
    Winner Jeanette McCarthy, Downers Grove, Illinois, describes her
  impatient person's "I'm hungry" cookies: "When I was a child, part of
  our Christmas celebration involved visits to my father's relatives
  during the time between Christmas and Epiphany. Great-Aunt Elizabeth
  came from a family whose women had been cooks for a wealthy family in
  Hungary. As a result, her cooking was usually slightly different and
  somewhat elegant.
    "A treasured memory of Christmas at Great-Aunt Elizabeth's house
  was a cookie that I never learned to eat in moderation. Although my
  mother warned me not to say anything, one of the first things I would
  say upon arrival was, 'I'm hungry,' hoping that these cookies would
  appear. Much to my delight they usually did, and in fact, began also
  to appear at Easter, the Fourth of July, Thanksgiving and any other
  time we got together to celebrate." from the Chicago Tribune annual
  Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 4, 1986
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1986 WINNER: PRALINE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
  1 1/2 c  Packed brown sugar
      1 ea Egg
  1 1/2 c  Flour
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Chopped pecans
 
  Preparation time: 25 minutes Baking time: 10 to 12 minutes
  
    1. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Cream butter, sugar and egg. Stir in
  flour, vanilla and pecans. Mix well by hand. Shape into balls about
  the size of walnuts, place on cookie sheets and flatten to about 1/8
  inch.
    2. Bake 10 to 12 minutes, or until brown. Remove from oven and
  allow to cool completely and harden.
    Winner Jean McGree of Flossmoor "bores everyone," she says, with
  this family tale of Christmas praline cookies: "Since the time Mom
  had been a little girl, each November Grandma would surround her back
  yard pecan tree with sheets to catch the falling nuts. But most of
  the nuts had to be knocked from the branches with her long-handled
  broom. Then she would spend hours stooped over those sheets, picking
  up the pecans and sorting the good ones from the black and hollow
  shells.
    "When her daughter married and moved away, the nuts were carefully
  picked over, packaged and shipped 'up North.' Free time in the first
  week of December was always marked for shelling the pecans. Sore
  hands and stiff backs were repaid with secret nibbling and promises
  of praline cookies for Christmas.
    "Soon, I'll start looking for a package from Great-Grandma in South
  Carolina. Then, as we crack the pecans, I can retell the 'pecan
  story' to Michael and Ann, who know that Santa always looks for
  pralines on Christmas Eve." from the Chicago Tribune annual Food
  Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 4, 1986
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1986 WINNER: ROLLED ANIMAL COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 48 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter, softened
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ea Egg
      2 tb Whipping cream
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Sifted all-purpose flour
           Decorations: colored sugar,
           Raisins, chocolate
           Sprinkles, chocolate chips
 
  Preparation time: 45 minutes Chilling time: Several hours Baking
  time: 7 minutes
  
    1. Cream butter. Gradually add sugar and cream well. Blend in the
  egg, cream, baking powder, baking soda, salt and vanilla. Gradually
  add flour and mix well. Chill dough until firm, several hours (it is
  hard to roll out otherwise).
    2. Heat oven to 400 degrees. Roll out dough on a floured board to
  about 1/8- inch thick. Cut into desired shapes with a flour-dipped
  cookie cutter. Place on ungreased or lightly greased cookie sheet.
    3. Decorate with colored sugar and chocolate sprinkles and use
  raisins or chocolate chips for the eyes of the animals. Bake for 5-7
  minutes or until a little brown. Cool on racks. Don't forget to cut
  the little holes if you wish  to hang on the tree.
    Note: Dough will keep several days or a week in the refrigerator if
  you don't get around to cutting right away. I store the cookies in
  tightly covered tins and they are very good keepers if the children
  don't find them.
    Winner Beverly Bergstrom of Hinsdale recounts making rolled animal
  cookies:   "We called them animal cookies although there were many
  cutters that were not animals. We would cut small pieces of paper
  drinking straws and insert them in the top of each cookie and then
  bake them. The little piece of  straw was removed just as the cookies
  came from the oven, leaving a perfect little hole to put a colored
  string through so the cookie could be hung on our huge Christmas tree.
    "My sister and I would always make sure lots of the cookies were
  hung around the back of the tree. The tree was in the corner of the
  living room leaving a space behind, where we could crawl in. A
  favorite pastime during the holiday season was to lie on the floor
  behind the tree and using no hands, take tasty bites of the cookies,
  leaving behind the empty strings decorating the tree. Grandma would
  always pretend anger when she 'discovered' the empty strings and no
  cookie. It was a good game." from the Chicago Tribune annual Food
  Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 4, 1986
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1986 WINNER: SIRUPS KAGER (DANISH BROWN SPICE
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter or margarine
           -(softened)
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Dark corn syrup
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Ground cloves
    1/2 ts Baking soda mixed with
           1 ts water
           Flour (3 3/4 to 4 cups)
 
  Preparation time: 45 minutes Chilling time: One hour Baking time: 8
  to 10 minutes
  
    1. Cream butter or margarine with sugar and corn syrup. Stir in
  cinnamon, cloves and baking soda mixture. Add flour a little at a
  time, mixing well after each addition until stiff dough forms. Cover
  dough and refrigerate until firm.
    2. Heat oven to 400 degrees. Roll dough to  1/8-inch thickness on
  floured surface. Cut with cookie cutters into reindeer or desired
  shapes. Or roll dough into logs about 1-inch in diameter and slice
  crosswise into 1-inch-thick rounds.
    3. Bake on ungreased cookie sheets until lightly browned, about 8
  to 10 minutes.
    Sirups kager, a Danish spice cookie "as brown as a reindeer," was a
  humble but coveted Christmas prize enjoyed by her grandfather in
  Denmark, writes our contest winner, Julie K. Cook, of Chicago. from
  the Chicago Tribune annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December
  4, 1986
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1988 1ST PLACE: FAY KUHN'S THUMBPRINTS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      1 ea Egg, separated
      1 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Salt
  1 1/4 c  Finely chopped nuts
    1/4 c  Raspberry jam
 
   Preparation time: 20 minutes Chilling time: 1 hour Baking time: 15
  to 18 minutes
  
    1. Beat together butter and sugar in a mixer bowl. Add vanilla and
  egg yolk. Mix well.
  
    2. Mix flour and salt, add to butter mixture and mix well. Cover;
  refrigerate at least 1 hour.
  
    3. Heat oven to 325 degrees. Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Beat egg
  white lightly in a small bowl. Put nuts in another small bowl. Dip
  each ball into egg white, then roll in nuts. Put balls 1 inch apart
  on ungreased cookie sheet. Press thumb in the center of each to make
  an indentation.
  
    4. Bake until light golden, 15 to 18 minutes. Cool on wire racks.
  Fill indentation with a small amount of raspberry jam.
  
    Faye Kuhn, of Earlville, Illinois, recalled growing up in the tough
  times of the '40s: "Despite the lack of finances, no holiday was ever
  ignored in our household. Christmas, however, held the highest of
  honors. . . We all boarded the train and off to the city we would go.
  We would arrive home loaded with 'Evening in Paris' cologne, mittens,
  socks, handkerchiefs and coloring books bought at Kresge's and
  Woolworth's. Mom would then visit the local A & P for turkey,
  cranberries, sweet potatoes, fresh ground coffee, nuts, apples,
  oranges and one pound of butter to baste ol' Tom with. However, there
  was one thing my mother didn't do in those days and that was to bake
  Christmas cookies, for neither time nor money allowed such a luxury."
  But when her mother retired, she started baking Christmas cookies,
  Kuhn recalls. The family wanted her to make the thumbprints, yet no
  one knew the name or the recipe. "Mother put on her coat, crossed our
  back yard and knocked on our neighbor's door. She returned somewhat
  later, victorious, with recipe card in hand." from the Chicago
  Tribune annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 8, 1988
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1988 2ND PLACE: PAT EGAN'S CHRISTMAS TREE COO
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 72 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Flour
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Butter or margarine,
           Softened
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Almond extract
      1 ea Egg
    1/4 c  Green sugar crystals, about
    1/4 c  Confetti or nonpareil candy
           Decorations, optional
 
   Preparation time: 20 minutes Chilling time: 4 hours Baking time: 10
  minutes
  
    1. Put flour, sugar, butter, baking powder, salt, almond extract
  and egg into large bowl of an electric mixer. Mix together, using low
  speed. Dough will be crumbly. Then knead dough with hands until
  mixture holds together.
  
    2. Remove 1/3 cup of the dough; wrap and refrigerate. Divide
  remaining dough in thirds. Using hands, roll each into a 6-inch log.
  
    3. Put sugar crystals on a sheet of wax paper. Roll each log in the
  sugar crystals to coat well; use the wax paper as a guide to press in
  crystals. Shape each log into a triangle, pressing gently on wax
  paper to give three sharp corners. Make sure to make 2 sides longer
  than the third side. Wrap each log well and refrigerate at least 4
  hours or until dough is firm enough to slice. To this point, cookies
  can be made up to a week in advance.
  
    4. Heat oven to 350 degrees. To bake, slice logs crosswise into
  1/4-inch slices. Put slices about 1 inch apart on ungreased cookie
  sheets. For each cookie, shape about 1/2 teaspoon of the reserved 1/3
  cup dough into a tree trunk. Attach to bottom underside of each tree.
  Sprinkle each cookie lightly with candy decorations, if desired. Bake
  until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Carefully remove to wire
  racks. Cool completely.
  
    Note: The logs can be divided and shaped into 3 sizes and sliced to
  form a 3-tiered tree.   These second-place winning cookies are easily
  shaped into trees that are edged with glittery green sugar.
    Of her simple cookies, Pat Egan of Dolton, Illinois writes,
  "They're not a fancy or gourmet cookie, but a simple symbol of the
  Christmas season that is so close to my heart." from the Chicago
  Tribune annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 8, 1988
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1988 3RD PLACE: GLORIA HEETER'S BEST GINGERBR
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      1 c  Corn oil margarine
      1 c  Molasses
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ea Egg
      4 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      3 ts Ground cinnamon
      2 ts Ground cloves
      2 ts Ground ginger
      1 ts Ground nutmeg
           Currants, raisins, silver
           Balls and candy,
           For decoration
      1 ea Egg yolk mixed w/1 ts water
           Icing for decorating
 
   Preparation time: 25 minutes Chilling time: 8 hours or overnight
  Baking time: 7 to 10 minutes
  
    1. Beat margarine, sugar and molasses in a large mixing bowl. Add
  egg and mix well.
    2. Sift together flour, baking powder, baking soda, cinnamon,
  cloves, ginger and nutmeg. Add to butter mixture; mix well.
    3. Divide dough into 4 equal portions on a large piece of plastic
  wrap. Wrap and shape into a flat disk about 1 inch thick. Refrigerate
  until firm, about 8 hours, or freeze for 2 hours. (Dough can be
  refrigerated up to 3 days.)
    4. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Working with 1 disk of the dough at a
  time, roll out on a well-floured board, dusting the rolling pin as
  you work. Dough will be very soft and can be difficult to work with
  so work quickly and use plenty of flour. Using cookie cutters dipped
  in flour, cut into desired shapes. Put cookies 1 inch apart on an
  ungreased cookie sheet. Use currants or candy for eyes or buttons, if
  desired.
    5. Bake until lightly puffed, 7 to 10 minutes. First batch may be
  puffier because they will have less flour rolled in them. While still
  warm, paint with egg yolk wash if desired. Cool on wire racks. Cool
  completely, then decorate as desired with icing.
    Icing: Mix confectioners' sugar with a small amount of water until
  thick and spreading consistency. Add food coloring if desired and put
  in a small plastic bag. Cut a small hole in one corner and drizzle
  icing out onto the cooled cookies.
    Note: A 4-inch gingerbread cookie cutter was used in testing.
    Oak Brook's Gloria Heeter is a newcomer to the Chicago area and
  brings her favorite gingerbread cookie with her from Kansas City,
  Kan. "About nine years ago, my neighbor, Diane Collins, brought them
  over for Halloween in Halloween shapes," she says. "I took out some
  of the egg yolks and substituted corn oil margarine rather than
  shortening, which sometimes can have palm oil in it." Calling them
  "truly a cookie for all seasons," Heeter once even made them for her
  golden retriever's first birthday party. "We invited the neighborhood
  kids in for punch and cookies-cookies shaped like dogbones."    At
  Christmas, though, "I typically print the names of each person on the
  cookies, place them in a plastic bag and decorate them with a red and
  green ribbon," writes Heeter of her personalized gingerbread people.
  "A handmade gift is always filled with love." from the Chicago
  Tribune annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 8, 1988
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1989 1ST PLACE: MELT AWAYS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
      1 c  Unsalted softened butter
    1/2 c  Sifted confectioners' sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
  2 1/4 c  Sifted cake flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Chopped pecans
           Confectioners' sugar
 
  Preparation time: 20 minutes Baking time: 7 minutes per batch
  
   1. Heat oven to 450 degrees. Combine butter, confectioners' sugar and
  vanilla in mixing bowl.
  
   2. Sift flour and salt together and gradually stir into butter
  mixture. Stir in chopped pecans.
  
   3. Drop by heaping teaspoonsful onto an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake
  until peaks are very light brown, about 7 minutes. Transfer to
  cooling rack. While still warm (but not hot), use a sifter to
  sprinkle generously with confectioners' sugar.
  
   This 1989 first-place recipe comes from Chris Merrill of Elk Grove
  Village. The cookies are slightly sweet and very buttery, so they
  melt in your mouth. from the Chicago Tribune second annual Food Guide
  Holiday Cookie Contest December 14, 1989
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1989 2ND PLACE: GREAT-GRANDMA'S GINGERBREAD C
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Vegetable shortening
      1 c  Sugar
      3 ea Eggs
    1/2 c  Cold water
      2 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Sorghum or molasses
           All-purpose flour (5-6 cups)
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ground cloves
      1 ts Ginger
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Preparation time: 30 minutes Chilling time: Overnight Baking time: 10
  minutes
  
   1. Cream shortening and sugar in mixing bowl, beat in eggs, one at a
  time. Mix water and baking soda in small bowl until dissolved. Add
  baking soda mixture and sorghum to butter mixture. Sift 5 1/2 cups of
  the flour, the spices and salt together. Blend into dough. Divide
  dough into 4 balls. Wrap in plastic wrap. Flatten and refrigerate
  overnight.
  
   2. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Roll 1 portion of dough out at a time on
  lightly floured surface. Cut into desired shapes. Bake on a greased
  cookie sheet until puffed, 10 to 12 minutes. Do not overbake.
  
   3. When cool, decorate with buttercream frosting and/or candies as
  desired. Sorghum gives these cookies a special flavor, but molasses
  can be used as a substitute.
  
  Ann Smith of Plainfield won second place, and described how her
  gingerbread men left Bohemia in 1872 and immigrated to the United
  States. Smith's great-grandmother, "Babicka" Novak, lived in a small
  Czech-American town in South Dakota where Smith's mother grew up in
  the 1920s. At Christmas time, her great-grandma would give her
  neighbors Old World gingerbread men, reindeer and rocking horses.
    "One year when Great-grandma delivered the cookies, she brought
  along her teenaged grandson, who was visiting from a small ethnic
  Czech community in Nebraska," Smith wrote.
    "Introductions made that day over the watchful eyes of the
  gingerbread men eventually lead to wedding bells for my parents a
  decade later. Great-grandma Novak probably had planned this all
  along!" from the Chicago Tribune second annual Food Guide Holiday
  Cookie Contest December 14, 1989
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1989 3RD PLACE: CINNAMON TOFFEE BARS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 48 Servings
 
      1 c  Unsalted butter, softened
      1 c  Packed brown sugar
      1 ea Egg
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 tb Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ea Egg white, beaten

MMMMM--------------------------STREUSEL-------------------------------
      6 tb Butter, cold
    3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    3/4 c  Sugar
           Colored sugar for garnish
 
  Preparation time: 15 minutes Baking time: 20 to 25 minutes
  
   1. Heat oven to 375 degrees. Grease 15- by 10-inch jelly-roll pan.
  Cream butter, sugar, egg and vanilla in mixing bowl. Stir in cinnamon
  and salt. Add flour, a little at a time. Blend well. Press into pan
  to 1/4 ~inch thickness with wax paper.
  
   2. Brush beaten egg white over dough. Combine streusel ingredients
  in food processor. Process until butter is evenly blended. Sprinkle
  streusel over dough. Bake 20 minutes. Cool on wire rack 15 minutes.
  Cut into 2- by 1 1/2 -inch bars while still warm.
   Note: The test kitchen found that a mixture of ground spices such as
  cinnamon, allspice, ginger, cardamom and cloves also works nicely in
  place of the cinnamon, and for the holiday season, a sprinkling of
  colored sugar before baking brightens up these cookies.
   This recipe from Mary Pat Knopp of Chicago placed third in the 1989
  cookie contest. from the Chicago Tribune second annual Food Guide
  Holiday Cookie Contest December 14, 1989
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1989 HONORABLE MENTION: BUTTER COOKIES YOU'D
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter, softened
    1/2 c  Plus 1 1/2 tb sugar
  1 3/4 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Vanilla
           Sugar for rolling
 
  Preparation time: 15 minutes Baking time: 17 to 20 minutes per batch
  
   1. Heat oven to 300 degrees. Cream butter and sugar. Add flour, a
  little at a time, then vanilla. Stir until blended.
  
   2. Roll dough into small balls the size of a walnut, then roll the
  balls in sugar. Flatten with cookie stamp or bottom of a glass. Put
  onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake until edges are lightly browned, 17
  to 20 minutes. This dough needs no  chilling, rolling or cutting. It
  is easily doubled. Honorable mention went to Agnes Da Costa of
  Chicago. from the Chicago Tribune second annual Food Guide Holiday
  Cookie Contest December 14, 1989
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1989 HONORABLE MENTION: DOTTIE'S MEXICAN WEDD
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 48 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter, softened
    1/2 c  Confectioners' sugar
      2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Chopped pecans
           Confectioners' sugar for
           Garnish
 
  Preparation time: 15 minutes Baking time: 10 to 12 minutes per batch
  
   1. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Cream butter and sugar until smooth in
  mixer bowl. Add flour, salt and vanilla and mix until blended. Mix in
  nuts.
  
   2. Roll teaspoon-size pieces of dough in a ball and put onto an
  ungreased cookie sheet. Bake until light golden, 10 to 12 minutes.
  The cookie bottoms should be golden brown. Roll cookies in
  confectioners' sugar immediately after baking.
  
  Honorable mention went to Kathleen Shelton of Marengo. These cookies
  freeze well. from the Chicago Tribune second annual Food Guide
  Holiday Cookie Contest December 14, 1989
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1989 HONORABLE MENTION: JELLY CHRISTMAS EYES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Margarine
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 ea Egg
           Juice of 1 lemon
    1/4 ts Grated lemon rind
  1 1/3 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Ground almonds or walnuts
           Raspberry or strawbery jelly
           Sugar
 
  Preparation time: 20 minutes Chilling time: 30 minutes Baking time:
  10 to 12 minutes per batch
  
   1. Cream margarine and sugar in mixing bowl. Add egg, lemon juice and
  lemon rind. Mix until smooth. Add flour and nuts. Wrap in plastic
  wrap and flatten. Refrigerate dough 30 minutes.
  
   2. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Roll out dough on lightly floured
  surface to 1/8-inch thickness. Use a round 2-inch cookie cutter to
  cut out circles from dough. Cut out an inner circle with a smaller
  round cookie cutter from half of the circles to make a "cookie ring."
  
   3. Bake circles and rings until light golden, 10 to 12 minutes.
  Transfer to wire rack to cool. Spread a small amount of jelly on each
  whole circle. Press a cookie ring on top of it. Shake the cookies one
  at a time in a bowl of sugar to coat well. Store in a covered dish.
  Note: Confectioners' sugar can be used to coat the cookies in place
  of granulated.
  
  Honorable mention went to Mary Vodisek of Chicago for this recipe
  featuring two sugar cookies sandwiched together with jelly. from the
  Chicago Tribune second annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest
  December 14, 1989
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1989 ICS WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP BOWL OF RED
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      3 lb Top round steak; cubed
      2 md Onions; grated
           Garlic cloves; minced
      2 cn Chicken broth; 10 oz ea
      6 oz Tomato paste
      7 tb Gebhardt chili powder
      2 tb Ground cumin
      2 ts Tabasco sauce
      1 c  Water
 
  Saute beef in  skillet and put  in your favorite chili pot.
   Simmer,  covered,  with  onion, garlic (as much as you wish), water
  and broth  for  1  hour  and  30 minutes. Add tomato paste, chili
  powder, cumin and Tabasco pepper sauce; stir and let cook on low for
  about another hour. Add HOT water as needed. After three hours from
  when you started, serve with another dash of Tabasco pepper sauce to
  taste.
  
  Tarantula Jack Montana State Champion
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1989 ICS WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP BOWL OF RED - A
 Categories: Chili, Beef
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------CHUCK OZBURN HBWK07A-------------------------
      3 lb Cubed top round
      2 md Onions; grated
      2 lg Garlic cloves; minced
      2 cn (10 oz) chicken broth
      1 cn (6 oz) hunt's tomato paste
      7 tb Gebhardt chili powder
      2 tb Ground cumin
      2 ts Tabasco pepper sauce
      1 c  Water
 
      Recipe by: HBWK07A Chuck Ozburn
      Saute beef in skillet and put in your favorite chili pot; simmer,
  covered, with onion, garlic, water and broth for 1 hour and 30
  minutes; add tomato paste, chili powder, cumin and Tabasco pepper
  sauce; stir and let cook on low for about another hour; add HOT water
  as needed; after three hours from when you started, serve with
  another dash of Tabasco pepper sauce to taste.
      Tarantula Jack Montana State Champion
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1990 1ST PLACE: NUT CRESCENTS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
      2 c  Unsalted softened butter or
           -margarine
      6 tb Confectioners' sugar
      2 ea Egg yolks
      4 c  Flour, sifted before
           Measuring
      1 c  Ground or finely crushed
           Almonds, pecans or walnuts

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      2 ea Egg whites
      1 c  Ground or finely crushed
           Almonds, pecans or walnuts
    1/2 c  Granulated sugar
           Confectioners' sugar for
           Sprinkling
 
  Preparation time: 45 minutes Cooking time: 10 to 12 minutes
  
   1. Cream butter and confectioners' sugar in large mixer bowl until
  light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolks. Beat in flour and 1 c ground
  nuts until mixed. (Dough can be refrigerated up to several days;
  soften slightly before shaping cookies.)
  
   2. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Have ungreased baking sheets ready.
  
    3. For topping, beat egg whites lightly with fork in shallow dish
  until frothy. Mix 1 cup nuts and granulated sugar in separate shallow
  dish.
  
   4. Roll a generous teaspoon of the dough in the palm of your hands
  into a crescent shape. Dip top of crescent in egg white and then into
  nut-sugar mixture. Place crescents on baking sheets about 1 inch
  apart. Bake until bottoms are golden, 10 to 12 minutes. Cool on pan a
  few minutes, then transfer to wire racks to cool completely. Sprinkle
  lightly with confectioners' sugar before serving.
  
   This winning recipe is from Mila Tomisek of Chicago. She prefers to
  use unsalted butter, but says margarine can be substituted. The
  cookies are very fragile.
   Mila first began baking these small, buttery, crescent-shaped
  cookies with her grandmother during World War I; today, at 82, she
  still bakes them for her children and grandchildren. from the Chicago
  Tribune third annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 13,
  1990
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1990 2ND PLACE: MOM'S SUGAR COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 48 Servings
 
      1 c  Unsalted softened butter
  1 1/2 c  Confectioners sugar
      1 ea Egg
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Almond extract
  2 1/2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cream of tartar

MMMMM--------------------------FROSTING-------------------------------
      8 oz Cream cheese, softened
      2 c  Confectioners' sugar
    1/4 ts Vanilla
           Milk
           Food coloring as desired
 
  Preparation time: 30 minutes Chilling time: 2 to 3 hours Cooking
  time: 7 to 8 minutes
  
   1. Cream butter, sugar, egg, vanilla and almond extract in large
  mixer bowl until light and fluffy. Beat in flour, baking soda and
  cream of tartar until mixed. Divide dough in half. Cover and
  refrigerate dough 2 to 3 hours. (Dough can be refrigerated up to
  several days; soften slightly before rolling out.)
  
   2. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Have lightly greased baking sheets
  ready.
  
   3. Roll out half of dough on lightly floured surface to almost 1/4
  ~inch thick. Use cookie cutters to cut out desired shapes. Place
  cookies 2 inches apart on prepared baking sheets. Bake until light
  brown on edges, 7 to 8 minutes. Cool on wire racks.
  
   4. For frosting, beat cream cheese, sugar and vanilla in small bowl
  until smooth. Beat in milk until spreading consistency. Add food
  coloring as desired.
  
   5. Use frosting to decorate cookies. Let stand until frosting sets.
  
   Second place went to Nancy Rullo, of Bloomingdale, for her recipe for
  Mom's sugar cookies in the shape of Santa Claus faces, iced with a
  cream cheese frosting and decorated in traditional holiday colors.
  The recipe, Rullo wrote, was one that her mother had found in her
  mother's first cookbook. As children, Rullo and her brother would
  help cut out the Santa Claus shapes and watch them bake. from the
  Chicago Tribune third annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest
  December 13, 1990
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1990 3RD PLACE: SHORTBREAD SHEEP
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      2 c  Unsalted softened butter
      1 c  Sugar
      4 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Preparation time: 25 minutes Cooking time: 20 to 25 minutes
  
   1. Cream butter and sugar in large mixer bowl until light and
  fluffy. Beat in flour and salt. Knead the dough briefly until smooth.
  If dough is too sticky, add a bit more flour. (Dough can be
  refrigerated up to several days; soften slightly before shaping
  cookies.)
  
   2. Heat oven to 325 degrees. Have ungreased baking sheets ready.
  
   3. Pat half of the dough out on lightly floured surface to 1/2 -inch
  thickness. Use cookie cutters to cut out desired shapes. Place
  cookies 2 inches apart on baking sheets. Bake until light brown on
  edges, 20 to 25 minutes. Cool on wire racks.
   Note: The sheep cookie cutter used by Koenig is a Hallmark cutter
  that is no longer available. A sheep pattern can be made out of
  cardboard and placed over dough; cut out the shape with a small knife.
  
   Third prize went to Betty J. Koenig, of Hammond, Ind., for her
  recipe for shortbread cookies in the shape of sheep. Betty uses a
  sheep cookie cutter to make these cookies. She suggests using your
  fingertips to dimple the dough to resemble their wooly coats. If
  desired, a small piece of chocolate can be used for eyes after
  baking. Chicago Tribune, December 13, 1990 from the Chicago Tribune
  third annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1990 ICS WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP BOWL OF RED - B
 Categories: Chili, Beef
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------CHUCK OZBURN HBWK07A-------------------------

MMMMM---------------------------PART 1--------------------------------
      3 lb Beef chuck tender; cubed
      1 tb To 2 tb wesson oil
      2 cn (14 1/2 oz) beef broth
      1 cn (8 oz) hunt's tomato sauce
      4 ds Tabasco pepper sauce
  1 1/2 tb Onion powder
    3/4 ts Cayenne pepper
      2 ts Beef bouillon granules
      1 ts Chicken bouillon granules

MMMMM---------------------------PART 2--------------------------------
    3/4 ts Garlic powder
  1 1/2 ts Cumin
    3/4 ts White pepper
      6 tb Gebhardt chili powder
           Salt to taste
 
      Recipe by: HBWK07A Chuck Ozburn
      Brown meat in oil; cover with beef broth; stir in all remaining
  ingredients in Part1; medium boil until meat is tender, add HOT water
  as needed; 30 minutes before serving, add the ingredients of Part 2
  and simmer; serve with chilled bottles of Yago Sant'Gria and Pillsbury
  Cornbread Twists.
      David Valega Bethany, Oklahoma
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1991 1ST PLACE: CARAMEL PECAN TREASURES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter, softened
    3/4 c  Lightly packed light
           Brown sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
  1 3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
     12 oz Semisweet chocolate chips
      1 tb Vegetable shortening
           25 to 30 caramels, cut in
           Half, rolled into balls
           Finely chopped pecans
 
  Preparation time: 50 minutes Cooking time: 15 minutes
  
   1. Heat oven to 325 degrees. Have ungreased baking sheets ready.
  
   2. Cream butter, sugar and vanilla in large mixer bowl until
  well-mixed. Stir in flour and baking powder. (If kitchen is warm,
  refrigerate dough for a few minutes; dough should be firm enough to
  roll easily.) Shape scant teaspoonsful of dough into balls about the
  size of a marble. Place on baking sheet, leaving about 2 inches
  between cookies. Flatten slightly.
  
   3. Bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Transfer to wire racks to
  cool.
  
   4. Melt chocolate chips with shortening in top of double boiler set
  over simmering water. Remove from heat.
  
   5. Flatten caramel halves so they are the same diameter as the
  cookie. Put one caramel half on top of each cookie. (If necessary,
  use a dab of chocolate as "glue" to help caramel adhere to cookie.)
  Using a small metal spatula, spread melted chocolate thinly over top
  and sides of caramel and cookie to cover. Press chopped pecans onto
  tops of cookies. Let stand on a wire rack until chocolate firms
  (refrigerate if desired), about 20 minutes. Put into individual paper
  wrappers. Store in a cookie tin with a piece of wax paper between
  each layer.
  
   The first-place winner of the Tribune's 1991 Holiday Cookie Contest
  is Elaine Rysner. She prefers to make the cookies small - about the
  diameter of a quarter. Use high-quality caramels and chocolate for
  the best cookies. from the Chicago Tribune fourth annual Food Guide
  Holiday Cookie Contest December 5, 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1991 2ND PLACE: OMA'S ALMOND COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 120 Servings
 
      2 c  Butter, softened
      2 c  Sugar
      2 ea Eggs
      1 ea Lemon, grated rind and juice
      4 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking powder
           Pinch salt
    1/2 lb Unblanched almonds, finely
           Ground or grated
           Colored sugars for garnish,
           Optional
 
  Preparation time: 30 minutes Chilling time: 8 hours or overnight
  Cooking time: 10 minutes
  
   1. Cream butter and sugar in large mixer bowl of electric mixer.
  Beat in eggs, one at a time. Beat in lemon rind and juice. Mix flour,
  baking powder and salt. Stir flour mixture and ground almonds into
  butter mixture to make a soft dough. Divide dough into quarters.
  Refrigerate dough, wrapped in wax paper, until firm, at least 8 hours
  or overnight.
  
   2. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Have ungreased baking sheets ready.
  
   3. Roll out one dough portion on lightly floured pastry cloth with a
  rolling pin covered with stocking or roll between sheets of lightly
  floured wax paper to 1/8 -inch thickness. Cut out with cookie
  cutters. Return dough to refrigerator if it gets too soft. Transfer
  to baking sheets, leaving 2 inches between each cookie. Sprinkle with
  colored sugar if desired.
  
   4. Bake until very light brown at edges, 8 to 10 minutes. Transfer
  to wire racks to cool. Store in a covered tin.
  
   This second-place winner, from Judy M. Drux of Dyer, Indiana, makes
  very thin, crisp, delicate cookies. The dough keeps well in the
  refrigerator if well-wrapped. This cookie was a tribute to her
  husband's grandmother, Antonia Drux, who emigrated to this country
  from Germany in 1923. (Oma means "grandma" in German.) The recipe has
  been passed down as just a list of ingredients. Drux added a few
  hints to help make baking them easier for future cooks. from the
  Chicago Tribune fourth annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest
  December 5, 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1991 3RD PLACE: CHRISTMAS GINGER COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 96 Servings
 
      1 c  Unsalted butter or
           Margarine, softened
  1 1/4 c  Granulated sugar
      1 ea Egg
      2 tb Dark corn syrup
  1 1/2 tb Grated orange rind
      1 tb Water
  3 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      2 ts Baking soda
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Ground ginger
    1/2 ts Ground cloves
    1/4 ts Salt

MMMMM---------------------------ICING--------------------------------
      1 ea Egg white
      1 ts Almond extract
           Confectioners' sugar, as
           Needed (about 2-4 cups)
 
  Preparation time: 30 minutes Chilling time: Overnight Cooking time: 10
  minutes
  
   1. Cream butter and sugar in large mixer bowl with electric mixer.
  Beat in egg until light. Stir in corn syrup, orange rind and water.
  Mix flour, baking soda, cinnamon, ginger, cloves and salt. Stir into
  butter mixture to form a dough. Divide dough in half. Wrap in wax
  paper and refrigerate overnight.
  
   2. Heat oven to 325 degrees. Have lightly greased baking sheets
  ready.
  
   3. Roll out one piece of dough at a time on a lightly floured
  surface or between sheets of floured wax paper to 1/8 -inch
  thickness. Cut into shapes with cookie cutters. Place on baking
  sheets, leaving 2 inches between each cookie. Bake until golden, 8 to
  10 minutes. Transfer to wire racks to cool.
  
   4. For icing, mix egg white and almond extract in small bowl until
  frothy. Stir in confectioners' sugar until mixture is a drizzling
  consistency. Drizzle over cookies. Let stand until icing sets. Store
  covered.
  
   Note: This recipe uses raw egg white. Cases of salmonella poisoning
  have been traced to raw eggs, although this is rare and usually
  associated with the yolks.
  
   These orange-flavored ginger cookies captured third place for Janis
  C. Peterson of Geneva, Illinois. The rolled, cutout cookies are easy
  to bake, have a delicious combination of fresh tastes and are sure to
  bring pleasure to the recipients. from the Chicago Tribune fourth
  annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 5, 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1991 ICS WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP BOWL OF RED - C
 Categories: Chili, Beef, Pork
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------CHUCK OZBURN HBWK07A-------------------------

MMMMM---------------------------PART 1--------------------------------
      3 lb Beef; cubed or coarse grou
      8 oz Ground pork
      1 tb Flour
      1 tb Wesson oil
    1/3 c  Minced onion
    1/2 tb Granulated garlic
      1 cn Beef stock
      2 cn Chicken stock
      1 cn (8 oz) hunt's tomato sauce
    1/2 tb Cumin
      1 cn (4 oz) mild green chilies
      1    Jalapeo pepper; seeded &
           - minced
      1 ts Black pepper
      3 tb Gebhardt chili powder

MMMMM---------------------------PART 2--------------------------------
      4 oz Hunt's tomato sauce
      4 tb Gebhardt chili powder
      2 tb Mild new mexico chili powder
      2 tb Cumin
      1 ts Granulated garlic
      1 ts Tabasco pepper sauce
    1/2 ts Brown sugar
 
      Recipe by: HBWK07A Chuck Ozburn
      Saute meat in oil, drain and add to a 4-quart cooking pot; add all
  other ingredients in Part 1 and simmer, covered, for 1 hour and 30
  minutes; uncover, add all ingredients in Part 2 and simmer for 45
  minutes.
      Randy Robinson Columbus, Ohio (representing the state of Kentucky)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1992 1ST PLACE: GINGERBREAD BEARS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 42 Servings
 
  3 1/2 c  Unsifted all-purpose flour
  1 1/2 ts Ground ginger
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Ground cloves
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Butter, softened
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1 ea Egg
    3/4 c  Light molasses
      1 ts Grated lemon rind
           Decorations as desired
 
  Preparation time: 35 minutes Chilling time: 2 hours or overnight
  Cooking time: 7 to 10 minutes
  
   1. Measure 3 1/2 cups flour; sift together with spices, baking soda
  and salt; set aside. Beat butter with an electric mixer in a large
  bowl until smooth. Add sugar and mix on high speed until light and
  fluffy, 2 minutes. Add egg and mix well. Stop the mixer and add
  molasses and lemon rind. Mix on low speed to combine. Stir in dry
  ingredients with a wooden spoon.
  
   2. Divide dough into four parts. Wrap each one separately in plastic
  wrap and refrigerate 2 hours or overnight.
  
   3. Heat oven to 375 degrees. Lightly grease baking sheets.
  
   4. Remove one piece of dough from the refrigerator at a time. Roll
  the well-chilled dough on a floured board or between sheets of waxed
  paper to a 1/8-inch thickness. Cut out with cookie cutters and
  carefully transfer to prepared baking sheets, leaving 1-inch between
  each cookie.
  
   5. Bake just until the cookies are lightly browned and set, 7 to 10
  minutes. Do not overbake. Transfer from baking sheets to a wire rack
  and cool completely before decorating. Decorate as desired. Store in
  airtight containers.
  
   Nancy Schubert of Schaumburg, Illinois took first place with these
  chubby little  bears. She uses colored sugar, little candies and a
  classic royal icing to decorate the bears. Confectioners' sugar icing
  or tubes of decorator icing can be also can be used. from the Chicago
  Tribune fifth annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 3,
  1992
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1992 2ND PLACE: PECAN TASSIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
    1/2 c  Butter, softened
      3 oz Cream cheese, softened
      1 c  Unsifted all-purpose flour

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      1 ea Egg
    3/4 c  Packed light brown sugar
      1 tb Butter, melted
           Pinch salt
    3/4 c  Chopped pecans
 
  Preparation time: 30 minutes Cooking time: 25 minutes
  
   1. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Have ready 2 miniature muffin tins with
  cups that measure about 2 inches across and 7/8 inch deep.
  
   2. For crust, beat butter with cream cheese until smooth. Add flour
  and mix until a dough forms. Divide into 24 balls. With your fingers,
  press each ball into an ungreased muffin cup, taking care to make a
  smooth, even layer over the bottom and up the sides.
  
   3. For filling, whisk egg in a medium bowl. Add sugar, butter and
  salt and mix well.
  
   4. Spoon about 1/2 teaspoon chopped pecans into each crust. Add
  filling so it comes almost to the top of the cups, making sure it
  doesn't spill over. Sprinkle remaining pecans over the top.
  
   5. Bake 15 minutes. Reduce oven to 250 degrees and continue to bake
  until crust is light brown at the edges, 10 minutes. Cool. When
  muffin tin is cool enough to handle, loosen cups from the sides of
  the tin and carefully transfer to a wire rack. Cool to room
  temperature.
  
   This second place winner is by Frances Marcinkiewicz of Countryside,
  Illinois. from the Chicago Tribune fifth annual Food Guide Holiday
  Cookie Contest December 3, 1992
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1992 3RD PLACE: CHOCOLATE MINT STICKS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------BROWNIE-------------------------------
      1 c  Butter, softened
      2 c  Granulated sugar
      4 ea Eggs
      2 ts Vanilla
      4 oz Unsweetened chocolate,
           Melted
      1 c  Unsifted all-purpose flour
    3/4 c  Chopped pecans or walnuts

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      2 c  Confectioners' sugar
      4 tb Butter or margarine,
           Softened
      2 tb Milk
    1/2 ts Peppermint extract
           1-2 drops green food
           Coloring, if desired

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
      2 oz Sweetened chocolate
      2 tb Butter or margarine
 
  Preparation time: 25 minutes Cooking time: 30 minutes
  
   1. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 13-by-9-inch baking pan.
  
   2. With an electric mixer, cream the butter, granulated sugar, eggs
  and vanilla until light, 2 minutes. Add the chocolate and mix well.
  Stop the mixer and fold in the flour then the nuts.
  
   3. Transfer batter to prepared pan. Bake just until a toothpick
  inserted in the center comes out clean, 30 minutes. Cool completely.
  
   4. For the filling, mix all ingredients until smooth. Spread in an
  even layer over the cooled brownies.
  
   5. For the glaze, melt chocolate with butter; mix well. Pour over
  filling and gently tilt pan so glaze covers the entire surface.
  Refrigerate until glaze is set; cut into squares or sticks. For
  holiday cookie trays, cut the brownies into small squares and
  decorate them with holiday finery.
  
  Jill Kaltenhaler of Homewood, Illinois from the Chicago Tribune fifth
  annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 3, 1992
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1992 ICS WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP BOWL OF RED - D
 Categories: Chili, Beef, Pork
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------CHUCK OZBURN HBWK07A-------------------------
      3 lb Cubed sirloin, london broil
           Tri-tip
      4 tb Wesson oil
      6 oz Sausage
      1    14 1/2oz can beef broth
      1    8oz can hunt's tomato sauce
      1    6oz can snap-e-tom
      1    12oz can budweiser
     11 tb Gebhardt chili powder
      1 ts Garlic powder
      1 tb Onion powder
      2 ts Tabasco pepper sauce
      1 tb Cumin
           Salt to taste
 
  Recipe by: HBWK07A    Chuck Ozburn Saute beef in oil; fry sausage
  until done and drainwell; put beef, sausage and 1/2 can of beef broth
  in your favorite chili pot and bring to a slow simmer; add tomato
  sauce, Snap-E-Tom,  6 ounces of  Budweiser (drink the other 6
  ounces), 6 tablespoons of chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder
  and 1 teaspoon of Tabasco peppersauce; simmer slowly for about 1 hour
  and 30 minutes, or until meat is tender; add remaining 5 tablespoons
  of chili powder, 1 teaspoon of Tabasco pepper sauce and cumin; simmer
  for 30 minutes; salt to taste. Ed Pierczynski, M.D. Carson City,
  Nevada
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1993 1ST PLACE: GINGER COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 80 Servings
 
      1 c  Granulated sugar
    1/2 c  Dark corn syrup
    1/2 c  Water
      1 tb Ground ginger
      2 ts Cinnamon
      2 ts Ground cloves
      1 c  Unsalted butter or margarine
      4 c  All-purpose flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
           Liquid food coloring,
           If desired
 
   Preparation time: 1 1/2 hours Chilling time: 12 hours or more Cooking
  time: 7 minutes
  
   1. Put sugar, syrup, water, ginger, cinnamon and cloves into a large
  saucepan. Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture boils and sugar
  dissolves. Remove from heat. Add butter. Stir until butter is melted
  and mixture is no longer very hot.
  
   2. Mix flour and baking soda. Gradually add flour mixture to butter
  mixture and stir to blend thoroughly. Dough will have a soft texture.
  Place dough in an airtight container and refrigerate overnight or at
  least 12 hours or as long as 1 week.
  
   3. Heat oven to 375 degrees. Remove about one-sixth of the dough and
  knead it until it is slightly softened. Roll dough directly onto
  ungreased cookie sheets until it is about 1/4-inch thick. Use a
  cookie cutter to stamp shapes in dough, allowing a 1-inch margin
  between each cookie. Remove excess dough by lifting it and peeling it
  away. Scraps of dough can be kneaded together and re-rolled.
  
   4. Bake until golden brown, about 7 minutes. Allow cookies to cool
  slightly and become crisp before removing them from the cookie sheet.
  Cool thoroughly on wire racks. If desired, you may "paint" the cooled
  cookies using a clean, small paintbrush and food coloring that has
  been watered down slightly. Store cookies in airtight containers.
    Note: After the 12-hour resting period, this cookie dough can be
  hand-molded like clay--rolled, pinched, poked and pressed--and it
  will keep its shape, expanding slightly while baking. Thin cookies
  will become brown and bake quickly, large and thick shapes will
  require longer baking. Can be cut into any shape desired but make the
  cookies uniformly thick. The microwave oven can be used to cook the
  sugar mixture in step 1.
  
  Judith Taylor, Highland Park from the Chicago Tribune sixth annual
  Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 2, 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1993 2ND PLACE: MOZART COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
      3 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Granulated sugar
      2 ea Egg yolks, beaten
      1 tb Pure vanilla extract
    1/2 ts Salt
           Grated rind of 1 lemon
      1 c  Unsalted butter, softened

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
     12 oz Apricot preserves
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
      1 tb Rum
           Confectioners' sugar
 
   Preparation time: 1 1/4 hours Cooking time: 10 to 12 minutes
  
   1. Sift flour into a large mixing bowl and make an indentation or
  well in the center of the flour. Add the sugar, egg yolks, vanilla,
  salt and lemon rind to the well. Mix the ingredients in the well
  together with the flour. Then cut in the butter using a pastry cutter
  or two sharp knives. At this point the dough will resemble coarse
  crumbs. Turn the dough out onto a work surface and knead it with your
  hands until smooth and firm. Divide dough in half and shape into two
  balls.
  
   2. Wrap tightly in plastic. Refrigerate until firm enough to roll
  out, about 1 hour.
  
   3. Meanwhile, heat the apricot preserves over low heat, stirring
  constantly. Stir in lemon juice and rum. Let cool.
  
   4. Heat oven to 325 degrees. Place the chilled dough on a lightly
  floured surface or between two sheets of floured wax paper. Roll out
  with a floured rolling pin to about 1/4-inch thickness. Cut out
  circles of dough about 2 inches in diameter. Place half of the
  circles onto greased or non-stick cookie sheets. Cut the other half
  of the circles again with a small shot glass or cookie cutter to form
  a ring shape. (Make an equal amount of rings to circles.) Place the
  rings onto buttered baking sheets. Bake until light gold, 10 to 12
  minutes. Cool a little on the cookie sheets.
  
   5. To assemble, brush the still-warm circles with the cooled apricot
  mixture. Place one ring on top of each circle and press gently (they
  break easily) to secure. Spoon a small dollop of the apricot mixture
  into the center of the cookies. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar.
  Cool. Store in a tightly closed tin.
  
  Infused with bits of lemon and pure vanilla and filled with apricot
  preserves and rum, the buttery rounds brought second-place honors to
  their baker, German-born Anne Kroemer of Chicago. Anne uses a wine
  glass and a smaller schnapps glass to cut out these cookies. We've
  made them slightly smaller by using round cookie cutters; biscuit
  cutters work as well. from the Chicago Tribune sixth annual Food
  Guide Holiday Cookie Contest December 2, 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1993 3RD PLACE: EMPIRES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Unsalted butter, softened
    1/2 c  Granulated sugar
      2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Seedless raspberry jam or
           Currant jelly
      1 c  Confectioners' sugar
           Milk (1-2 tablespoon)
           Colored sugar for decorating
 
   1. Beat butter and granulated sugar in large bowl of electric mixer
  until light and fluffy. Slowly add flour and blend well. Remove from
  bowl and knead until shiny. Divide dough in half; wrap in wax paper.
  Refrigerate dough until it is firm enough to roll, several hours or
  longer. Let dough soften slightly on counter if too firm to roll.
  
   2. Heat oven to 325 degrees. Roll dough between two sheets of
  floured wax paper or flatten dough with floured hands to 1/4-inch
  thickness on a floured surface. Use cookie cutters to make shapes.
  Transfer to ungreased baking sheets. Bake only until slightly golden,
  5 to 7 minutes. Let cool on cookie sheets just long enough to firm
  cookies and then remove to wire racks to cool completely.
  
   3. To assemble, spread half of the cookies with a small amount of
  jam and sandwich with another cookie. Put confectioners' sugar into a
  small bowl and drizzle in just enough milk to make a thin glaze.
  Frost cookies lightly with the glaze and sprinkle with colored sugar.
  Let stand until glaze hardens.
  
  This delicate cookie by Keith and Teresa Duncan of Batavia tied for
  third place. from the Chicago Tribune sixth annual Food Guide Holiday
  Cookie Contest December 2, 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1993 3RD PLACE: SPRINGERLE
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 84 Servings
 
    1/2 ts Baker's ammonia
      2 tb Milk
      6 ea Eggs, at room temperature
  1 1/2 lb Confectioners' sugar
           (about 6 cups)
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter, softened
    1/2 ts Anise oil
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 lb Cake flour, sifted
           (about 8 cups)
 
   Preparation time: 40 minutes Standing time: 1 hour plus overnight
  Cooking time: 10 to 12 minutes Aging time: 1 week or more
  
   1. Mash baker's ammonia with a rolling pin if it is not powdered.
  Dissolve it in the milk in a small bowl and let stand 1 hour before
  using.
  
   2. Beat eggs in large bowl of electric mixer until thick and
  lemon-colored, about 5 minutes. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar
  until creamy and smooth. Add butter and beat again until creamy. Add
  anise oil, dissolved baker's ammonia and salt; beat to mix. Gradually
  beat in enough flour to make a stiff dough.
  
   3. Cut off pieces of dough and work in more flour on a floured work
  surface until dough is stiff enough to roll out and hold the design
  of the springerle rolling pin or mold. Roll out on a lightly floured
  board with a floured rolling pin to 1/4-inch thickness. Press design
  on dough with a floured springerle rolling pin or mold. Cut cookies
  apart using a floured knife. Leave on work surface covered with a
  clean kitchen towel overnight.
  
   4. The next day, heat oven to 325 degrees. Bake cookies on greased
  baking sheets, until barely golden on the bottom, 10 to 12 minutes.
   Cool on wire racks. Store in tightly covered tins and allow to
  mellow at least 1 week before serving.
  
   Note: This recipe also can be made using 1 1/2 teaspoons baking
  powder (in place of the milk and the baker's ammonia) and anise
  extract instead of anise oil. However, the cookies will not be as
  delicately textured and the anise flavor not quite as rich. If using
  baking powder, add it with the salt to the batter.
  
   Connie Meisinger of Buffalo Grove tied for third place with this
  recipe. from the Chicago Tribune sixth annual Food Guide Holiday
  Cookie Contest December 2, 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1994 1ST PLACE: RUMPRINT COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Unsalted butter, softened
    1/3 c  Granulated sugar
      1 ea Egg
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/4 ts Salt
  1 3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 ts Nutmeg or to taste

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Unsalted butter, softened
      1 c  Sifted confectioners' sugar
      1 ts Rum extract or to taste
           Nutmeg for garnish
 
   Preparation time: 1 hour 30 minutes Chilling time: 1 hour 15 minutes
  Cooking time: 12 minutes per batch
  
   1. Beat butter in large bowl of electric mixer until light; beat in
  sugar until fluffy. Beat in egg, vanilla and salt; beat well. Stir in
  flour and nutmeg until well mixed. Refrigerate dough, covered, 1 hour.
   2. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Have ungreased baking sheets ready.
   3. Shape dough into 1-inch diameter balls. Place 2 inches apart on
  baking sheets. Press down centers with thumb. Bake until barely
  golden, about 12 minutes. Cool on wire racks.
   4. For filling, beat butter until light. Beat in confectioners' sugar
  until fluffy. Add rum extract to taste. Beat well. Fill a pastry bag
  fitted with a medium star tip with the filling. Pipe a star into the
  center of each cookie.  Sprinkle with nutmeg. Chill until filling
  firms, 15 minutes.
  
  This is a light and delicate cookie with a rum-flavored filling.
  Rebecca Gottfred of Arlington Heights, Illinois says her recipe
  doubles and triples easily and the baked cookies freeze well. from
  the Chicago Tribune seventh annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest
  December 8, 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1994 2ND PLACE: SURPRISE PACKAGES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      1 c  Unsalted butter, softened
  2 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/3 c  Confectioners'sugar, sifted
      1 ts Pure vanilla extract
      1 ts Water
     36 ea Thin layered chocolate
           Mint wafers (or other
           Flavor miniature
           Chocolates), unwrapped

MMMMM---------------------------ICING--------------------------------
           Confectioners' sugar
           Milk
           Food color, colored
           Sprinkles as desired
 
   Preparation time: 2 hours Cooking time: 15 to 20 minutes
  
   1. Heat oven to 325 degrees. Have ready ungreased baking sheets.
   2. Beat butter in large bowl of electric mixer until light and
  fluffy. Beat in half of the flour, the sugar, vanilla and water until
  thoroughly combined. Beat in the remaining flour.
   3. Use a scant 1 tablespoon of dough and press it flat and thin with
  your hands. Put a chocolate mint wafer in the center and fold the
  dough over to completely cover each chocolate and to form a neat,
  rectangular package. Pinch the edges to seal. Place 1 inch apart on
  ungreased baking sheets.
    4. Bake until bottoms are lightly browned, 15 to 20 minutes. Cool a
  few minutes on the baking sheets and then cool completely on wire
  racks.
   5. For icing, mix confectioners' sugar and milk to make a thin icing;
  color icing as desired. Use a small spatula to ice cookies. Decorate
  as desired so cookies resemble Christmas packages.
  
   For variety, second-place winner Carol Feezell of Skokie, Illinois
  uses several kinds of miniature candies in her pretty cookies. She
  suggests filling the cookies with chocolate mint wafers, such as
  Andes, or Hershey's Miniatures. We also enjoyed Lindt's orange
  chocolate thins when we made the cookies in the Tribune test kitchen.
  from the Chicago Tribune seventh annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie
  Contest December 8, 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1994 3RD PLACE: KOLACHKES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 84 Servings
 
      2 c  Unsalted butter, softened
      6 oz Cream cheese, softened
      3 c  All-purpose flour, sifted
      6 tb Whipping cream
           Confectioners' sugar for
           Rolling and sprinkling
           Jam, jelly or preserves of
           Choice
           Cream cheese filling (opt)
           Nut filling (optional)
 
   Preparation time: 2 1/2 hours Chilling time: Overnight Cooking time:
  12 to 15 minutes
  
   1. Beat butter and cream cheese in large bowl of electric mixer until
  light.  Beat in flour and cream until well mixed. Divide dough into 4
  portions. Wrap each in plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.
   2. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Have ungreased baking sheets ready.
   3. Sprinkle the work surface and the rolling pin generously with
  confectioners' sugar. Roll out 1 dough portion at a time to about
  1/4-inch thickness. Use a small (2-inch diameter) round cutter or
  glass to cut out cookies. Transfer to ungreased baking sheets,
  leaving 1 or 2 inches between each cookie. Make a small depression in
  the center of the cookies with your fingertip. Fill scantily with
  jam, jelly, preserves, cheese or nut filling. (If you use too much
  filling it will run out onto the baking sheet.) 4. Bake until bottoms
  are lightly browned, 12 to 15 minutes. Cool on wire racks. Sprinkle
  generously with confectioners' sugar while still warm.
  
   Cream cheese filling: Beat together 1 package (8 ounces) softened
  cream cheese, 1 egg yolk, 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar and 1 teaspoon
  pure vanilla extract until well mixed.
  
   Nut filling: Cook 1 cup coarsely ground walnuts in 2 tablespoons
  butter with  1/3 cup granulated sugar and 1 teaspoon pure vanilla
  extract until nuts  turn golden. Cool.
  
   Third-place winner Shere Case of Hickory Hills, Illinois fills her
  cookies with a variety of jams, a cheese filling and a nut filling
  for an attractive assortment. The recipe may be halved. from the
  Chicago Tribune seventh annual Food Guide Holiday Cookie Contest
  December 8, 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1995 1ST PLACE: SWEDISH SPICE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
  2 1/4 c  All-purpose flour, sifted
           -before measuring
      2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Ground cloves
      1 ts Ground ginger
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 ts Ground salt
    3/4 c  Unsalted butter, softened
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
    1/4 c  Molasses
 
    1. Heat oven to 375 degrees. Have ungreased baking sheet(s) ready.
  Sift together the flour, baking soda, spices and salt; set aside.
  
    2. Beat the butter and 1 cup of the granulated sugar in large bowl
  of an electric mixer on high speed until light, 1 minute. Add the egg
  and molasses;  mix well. Stop the mixer and add the flour mixture.
  Mix just until combined.
  
    3. Using about 1 1/2 teaspoons dough for each, roll dough into
  balls. Roll  in the remaining  1/2 cup granulated sugar so they are
  fully coated. Arrange  on baking sheet, spacing them 2 inches apart.
  If you prefer a thin, crisp  cookie, they may be flattened with a
  glass that has been dipped in sugar.
  
    4. Bake until set, 9 to 10 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack and let
  cool.
  
  First-place winner in the 1995 Chicago Tribune Holiday Cookie
  Contest: by Colleen Ries
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1995 2ND PLACE: BROWN BUTTER MAPLE SPRITZ
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Unsalted butter
      1 c  Confectioners' sugar
      2 ts Pure vanilla extract
  1 1/4 ts Salt
      1    Egg
      2    Egg yolks
  2 1/4 c  Unsifted all-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Pure maple syrup
           Milk or whipping cream,
           -if necessary
 
   1. To brown the butter, melt butter in a small, heavy saucepan over
  low heat. When fully melted, increase heat to medium and cook,
  stirring constantly, until the butter turns a medium brown and smells
  nutty. Measure out 1 cup to use for cookies and reserve the rest for
  the filling. Refrigerate until firm but not solid, about 30 minutes.
  
   2. For cookies, heat oven to 325 degrees. Have ready a cookie press
  and ungreased baking sheet(s).
  
   3. Beat the 1 cup brown butter,  1/2 cup of the confectioners' sugar,
  vanilla and salt in large bowl of electric mixer until creamy. Add
  egg and egg yolks and mix to combine. Stop mixer and add flour; mix
  on low speed just until flour disappears.
  
   4. Transfer dough to a cookie press and press onto baking sheet in
  desired shapes, spacing them 1 1/2 inches apart. Bake until set, 16
  to 18 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool.
  
   5. For filling, cook maple syrup in a heavy 2-quart saucepan over
  high heat for 5 minutes. Cool to lukewarm then stir in remaining 1/2
  cup confectioners' sugar. Beat the reserved brown butter in a food
  processor or a small bowl of electric mixer until light. Add the
  syrup mixture and beat until smooth. If mixture is too thick, add a
  small amount of milk or cream until it is  spreadable.
  
   6. Assemble cookies by spreading about  1/2 teaspoon filling on the
  flat side of half the cookies. Sandwich with another cookie.
  
  Second-place winner in the 1995 Chicago Tribune Holiday Cookie
  Contest: by Sarah  Frudden of Chicago
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1995 3RD PLACE: CHRISTMAS ROCKS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 6 Dozen
 
      3 c  All-purpose flour
      1 tb Unsweetened cocoa
    3/4 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Mace
      1 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Ground ginger
    1/2 ts Allspice
    1/4 lb Candied pineapple
    1/4 lb Citron
    1/4 lb Candied orange peel
    1/4 lb Pitted dates
    1/4 lb Figs
    1/4 c  Dried or candied cherries
      1 lb Chopped pecans
      1 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Dried currants
      1 c  Unsalted butter, softened
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs
      1 tb Cold, strong coffee
 
    1. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Have ready ungreased or parchment-lined
  baking sheet(s). Sift together the flour, cocoa, baking soda and
  spices. Cut candied fruits, dates and figs into small pieces and toss
  with a small amount of the  flour mixture. Combine in a large bowl
  with the pecans, raisins and currants.  Set aside.
  
   2. Beat butter and sugar in large bowl of electric mixer on high
  speed until light, about 2 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time,
  mixing well after  each addition. Mix in the coffee. Stop the mixer
  and add the flour mixture.  Mix on low speed just until combined.
  Using a wooden spoon, fold in the fruit  and nut mixture to coat all
  the pieces.
  
   3. Drop batter onto baking sheet in walnut-size mounds leaving about
  2 inches between each cookie. Bake until set and tops are lightly
  browned, 14 to 16 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack to cool. Store in
  an airtight container,  with a small wedge of apple to keep them
  soft. The cookies may be glazed or sprinkled with confectioners'
  sugar, if desired.
  
  Third-place winner in the 1995 Chicago Tribune Holiday Cookie
  Contest: by Phyllis Theodos
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1995 4TH PLACE: FRIENDSHIP COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 1/4 c  Unsifted all-purpose flour
    3/4 c  Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
    1/4 c  Pure maple syrup
    1/4 c  Sorghum molasses
      2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Ground ginger
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ground cardamom
    1/4 ts Salt
           Additional sugar for coating
 
   1. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Have ungreased baking sheet(s) ready.
  
   2. Combine all ingredients, except sugar for coating, in large bowl
  of an electric mixer. Beat on low speed until combined. Refrigerate
  to firm dough slightly, about 20 minutes.
  
   3. Roll into large balls, using  1/4 cup dough each for large
  cookies or a scant tablespoon for smaller cookies (dough will be
  soft). Roll in additional sugar to coat. Arrange on baking sheet,
  spacing them 3 inches apart.
  
    4. Bake until set, about 15 minutes for large cookies and 10
  minutes for smaller ones. Cool on baking sheet 1 minute before
  transferring to wire rack to cool.
  
  Fourth-place winner in the 1995 Chicago Tribune Holiday Cookie
  Contest: by Agnes Da Costa of Countryside
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1995 5TH PLACE: JOAN'S LITTLE JOYS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      1 c  Unsalted butter, softened
  1 3/4 c  Confectioners' sugar
  1 1/2 ts Pure vanilla extract
  1 1/2 c  All-purpose flour, sifted
           -before measuring
    1/2 c  Finely ground hazelnuts or
           -macadamia nuts
    1/4 c  Seedless raspberry
           -preserves (approx)
           Food coloring as desired,
           -for decorating
 
   1. Heat oven to 350 degrees. Lightly grease cookie sheet(s) or line
  with parchment paper.
  
   2. Beat butter and 1/2 cup of the confectioners' sugar in large bowl
  of electric mixer on high speed until well combined. Mix in vanilla.
  Stop the mixer and add the flour and ground nuts. Mix on low speed
  just until combined.
  
   3. Using 1 teaspoon dough for each, roll into rounds. Place on baking
  sheet. Dip the bottom of a flat glass in confectioners' sugar,
  reserving 1/4  cup for this purpose. Press each ball, flattening to a
  1-inch round.
  
    4. Bake just until they begin to color, 9 to 11 minutes. Transfer
  to a wire rack to cool.
  
   5. Spread bottoms of half the cookies with preserves, using about 1/4
  teaspoon for each cookie. Sandwich together with another cookie.
  
    6. For icing, mix remaining 1 cup confectioners' sugar with just
  enough water to make it spreading consistency. Tint icing with food
  color, if desired.
  
   7. Decorate top of cookies with icing, using a pastry bag, if
  desired.
  
  Fifth-place winner in the 1995 Chicago Tribune Holiday Cookie
  Contest: by Isabelle Clarke Garibaldi of Burr Ridge
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1996 1ST PLACE WINNER: CHOCOLATE SHOTS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 3 Dozen
 
      1 c  Unsalted butter; softened
      1 c  Confectioners' sugar
      2 tb Vanilla extract
  1 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Rolled oats; not instant
      3    Bottles chocolate sprinkles
           -1.75 oz each
 
  First place winner in the Chicago Tribune's 1996 Annual Holiday Cookie
  Contest. Kimberly H. McGuire of Oak Park, Illinois entered her
  grandmother's chocolate shot cookie recipe.
  
  1. Beat butter in large bowl of electric mixer at high speed until
  creamy, about 1 minute. Add sugar and vanilla; beat until light and
  fluffy, about 2 minutes. Grandually beat in flour and baking soda
  until smooth. Stir in oats. Refrigerate dough in mixer bowl 10
  minutes for easier handling.
  
  2. Remove dough from refrigerator. Divide dough into 2 to 3 equal
  pieces. Roll each piece into a log about 1 1/2 inches in diameter.
  Pour sprinkles into pie plate; roll logs in sprinkles to coat evenly.
  Wrap logs in plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.
  
  3. Heat oven to 325'F. Cut dough into 1/4-inch slices. Bake on greased
  baking sheet until lightly browned and slightly firm to the touch,
  about 20 minutes. Remove to cooling rack.
  
  Source: Chicago Tribune, December 4, 1996.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1996 2ND PLACE WINNER: SHORTBREAD COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 48 Cookies
 
      4 c  All-purpose flour
      1 c  Light brown sugar, packed
      1 lb Unsalted butter; softened
 
  The 2nd place winner in the Chicago Tribune's 1996 Annual Holiday
  Cookie Contest, a simple brown-sugar shortbread from Sandra Petrille
  of Naperville, Illinois.
  
  1. Heat oven to 325'F. Beat all ingredients in large bowl of electric
  mixer on medium-high speed until smooth, about 4 minutes.
  
  2. Divide dough into 4 pieces. Roll out 1 piece of dough at a time on
  lightly floured surface to 1/16- to 1/8-inch thickness. Cut out dough
  with cookie cutters.
  
  3. Bake cookies on ungreased baking sheet until pale brown and
  slightly firm to the touch, 8 to 10 minutes. Remove to cooling rack.
  Decorate as desired.
  
  Source: Chicago Tribune, December 4, 1996
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1996 3RD PLACE WINNER: PECAN COOKIES (POLVORO
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday, Mexican
      Yield: 3 Dozen
 
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter
    1/2 c  Lard
      1    Egg yolk
      1 ts Vanilla
  2 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Anise seed, finely crushed
      1 pn Salt
    1/2 c  Pecans; finely chopped
 
  The 3rd place winner in the Chicago Tribune's 1996 Annual Holiday
  Cookie Contest; by Marilyn Cahill of Chicago, Illinois.
  
  1. Heat oven to 350'F. Beat 3/4 cup of the sugar, butter and lard in
  large bowl of electric mixer on high speed until light and fluffy;
  about 3 minutes. Add egg yolk and vanilla; beat until smooth. Beat in
  flour, cinnamon, anise seed and salt until well mixed. Stir in pecans.
  
  2. Roll walnut-size pieces of dough between palms to make round
  balls. Put remaining 1/4 cup sugar in pie plate; roll dough balls in
  sugar. Place balls 5 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet. Press
  each ball with bottom of a glass dipped in sugar to about 1/4-inch
  thickness.
  
  3. Bake 10 minutes. Reduce oven to 300'F and continue baking until
  lightly browned, 12 to 15 minutes. Remove to cooling rack.
  
  Test Kitchen Note: An additional 1/2 cup butter can be substituted
  for the lard. Also, you may bake the cookies at a constant 325'F;
  cooking time should be about the same.
  
  Source: Chicago Tribune, December 4, 1996.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1996 HONORABLE MENTION: CARAMEL OAT BARS
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday
      Yield: 16 Bars
 
MMMMM----------------------------BASE---------------------------------
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter; softened
    1/4 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Rolled oats
    2/3 c  All-purpose flour

MMMMM--------------------------CARAMEL-------------------------------
     14 oz Sweetened condensed milk
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter
    1/4 c  Brown sugar, packed
      1 ts Vanilla extract; to 2 ts

MMMMM---------------------------ICING--------------------------------
    1/4 c  Unsalted butter
      2 tb Water
      2 tb Cocoa; sifted
  1 1/2 c  Confectioners' sugar; sifted
 
  Karen Kruckenberg of Harvard, Illinois earned an honorable mention in
  the 1996 Chicago Tribune Annual Holiday Cookie Contest with a simple
  recipe for caramel oat bars from England.
  
  1. Heat oven to 350'F. For base, beat butter and sugar in small bowl
  of electric mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, 3
  minutes. Add oats and flour; beat until smooth. Press into greased
  8-inch-square or 9-inch-square baking pan. Bake until set, 20 minutes.
  
  2. Meanwhile, prepare caramel mixture. Heat condensed milk, butter and
  brown sugar to a boil in heavy saucepan over medium heat. Boil,
  stirring constantly, 5 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in vanilla.
  Pour caramel mixture over cooked base; allow to cool completely.
  
  3. To prepare icing, melt butter in saucepan over medium heat. Stir in
  cocoa and water until smooth. Add confectioners' sugar; stir until
  mixed well. Spread over cooled caramel layer. Allow to set before
  cutting. Store refrigerated.
  
  Source: Chicago Tribune, December 4, 1996
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1996 HONORABLE MENTION: KOURAMBIETHES (ALMOND
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday, Greek
      Yield: 4 Dozen
 
    1/2 c  Blanched almonds
      1 lb Unsalted butter; softened
      1 lb Confectioners' sugar
      2    Egg yolks
      3 tb Cognac
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      3 c  Cake flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
 
  Bess Gallanis Hayes of Winnetka, Illinois won an honorable mention in
  the 1996 Chicago Tribune Annual Holiday Cookie Contest with these
  Greek almond shortbread cookies.
  
  1. Heat oven to 350'F. Spread almonds in single layer on baking sheet.
  Bake, stirring occasionally, until lightly toasted, about 10 minutes.
  Remove from oven; cool, then chop coarsely.
  
  2. Beat butter in large bowl of electric mixer on medium-high speed
  until very light and fluffy, 5 minutes. Add 3 tablespoons of the
  confectioners' sugar; continue beating 3 minutes.
  
  3. Add egg yolks, Cognac and vanilla; beat until smooth. Beat in
  almonds, flour and baking powder until mixed well. (If dough is too
  soft to handle, add additional flour.)
  
  4. Shape scant tablespoons full of dough between palms into round
  balls or crescents. Bake on ungreased baking sheets until set and
  very pale golden in color; 15 minutes. Remove cookies to cooling rack.
  
  5. Place remaining confectioners' sugar into sifter. While cookies are
  still hot, sift confectioners' sugar over tops. Repeat twice at
  20-minutes intervals.
  
  Source: Chicago Tribune, December 4, 1996
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1~ 2~ 3~ PUNCH
 Categories: Gin
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     26 oz Rye --
      2    Bottles sherry
      3    Bottles ginger ale
      2    Whole oranges -- sliced
 
  Pour 2 bottles of the ginger ale into a bundt pan and add some of the
  orange slices. Freeze and use as ice ring as it doesn't dilute the
  punch when it melts.  Punch does become smoother as the ring melts.
  Put orange slices in the punch bowl and add other ingredients. (You
  may wish to have one more bottle of ginger ale to make the ice ring.)
  
  Greg. I am the emperor, and I want dumplings. - Ferdinand I
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 1~000 CALORIE-A-BITE TRIFLE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Trifle
 
MMMMM---------------------------FRUIT--------------------------------
      3    Pears
      8 oz Raspberries
           -(tinned or fresh)
      1    Passion fruit
           Dry sherry
           -(1 bottle)

MMMMM------------------------SPONGE CAKE-----------------------------
    1/2 c  Butter
     10 tb Sugar, castor
  1 1/4 c  Flour, self-raising
      2    Eggs (slightly whisked)

MMMMM--------------------------CUSTARD-------------------------------
      2    Eggs
      1 pn Salt
      1 pn Nutmeg
     10 oz Double cream
           -(or use whipping cream)

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
     10 oz Double cream
           Roast almonds
 
  Peel and slice pears, drain raspberries if tinned, and scoop out
  passion fruit.  Place fruit in large trifle bowl and add an ample
  quantity of sherry. Leave for twenty-four hours to soak in the
  refrigerator.
  
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Cream butter and sugar until light and
  fluffy. Add eggs and about 2 T of flour and beat. Fold in rest of
  flour. Bake in 7-inch square tin for 25-30 mins until brown. Let
  cool. Slice into fingers and arrange on top of fruit. More sherry may
  be added at this point.
  
  Pour one large glass of sherry.  Mix eggs and add all ingredients to
  small bowl.  Place bowl in pan of simmering water. Stir continuously
  with wooden spoon, sipping sherry, until custard thickens. This takes
  about ten minutes. Pour custard on top of sponge. Chill in fridge.
  Whip cream until stiff and smooth over top of custard. Arrange
  almonds decoratively.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  The title says it all -- This recipe is my own invention.
  
  : Difficulty:  moderate
  : Time:  1 hour preparation, 1 day waiting, 10 minutes cooking.
  : Precision:  no need to measure.
  
  : Angi Lamb
  : Department of Computer Science, University of York, UK
  : ukc!minster!angi
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 2 STEP CHICKEN BROCCOLI DIVAN
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb FRESH BROCCOLI      *
  1 1/2 c  CUBED, COOKED CHICKEN
      1 cn CREAM OF BROCCOLI SOUP  **
    1/3 c  MILK
    1/2 c  SHREDDED CHEDDAR CHEESE
      1 tb MELTED BUTTER
      2 tb DRY BREAD CRUMBS
 
  IN A 9" PIE PLATE OR SHALLOW CASSEROLE DISH, ARRANGE BROCCOLI; TOP
  WITH CHICKEN. COMBINE SOUP AND MILK; POUR OVER CHICKEN. SPRINKLE WITH
  CHEESE. COMBINE BUTTER AND BREAD CRUMBS. SPRINKLE OVER CHEESE. BAKE
  AT 450 DEG F. FOR 15 MINUTES OR UNTIL HOT. (MICROWAVE ON HIGH FOR 6
  MINUTES.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 2-CHEESE CHEESE BALL
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
     16 oz Cream cheese, softened
      1 c  Grated sharp cheddar cheese
      1 pk Hidden Valley Original--
           Ranch Dressing (small size)
           Walnuts or Pecans
 
  Blend together cheeses and Hidden Valley dressing package contents
  with hands and shape into ball or log. Roll in walnuts or pecans.
  Refrigerate.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 2-DAY SPAGHETTI SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Pasta
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter
      2    Green peppers
      4    Onions, large
     12    Celery stalks
      4 qt Tomatoes
      4 tb Angnostra bitters
      4 c  Red wine
           Salt and pepper to taste
      8    Bay leaves
      4 ts Thyme
      4 tb Olive oil, extra virgin
      2 ts Garlic powder
      4 cn Mushrooms
      4 cn Tomato paste, 6 oz
      4 tb Worcestershire
      4 tb Sugar
      4 c  Water
      2 ts Celery seed
      2 ts Paprika
      4 ts Marjoram
 
  Bring to boil.  Simmer, covered, 4 hrs.  Uncover and simmer TWO DAYS,
  not a minute less.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 2-MINUTE FUDGE
 Categories: Candies, Christmas
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      1 lb Powdered sugar
    1/2 c  Cocoa
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Milk
      1 tb Vanilla extract
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 c  Nuts, chopped
 
  In a 1 1/2 qt. casserole, stir sugar, cocoa, salt, milk and vanilla
  together until partially blended (it will be too stiff to blend
  thoroughly).  Put butter over top in center of dish. Microwave at
  high for 2 minutes, or until smooth. If all butter has not melted in
  cooking, it will as mixture is stirred. Blend in nuts. Pour into a
  lightly-buttered 8x4x3" dish. Chill 1 hour in refrigerator or 20 to
  30 minutes in freezer. Cut into squares.  Makes about 36 squares.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 20 MINUTE CHICKEN PARMESAN
 Categories: Poultry, Italy
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 ea Chicken breast halves
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Bread crumbs
      2 tb Butter
  1 3/4 c  Spaghetti sauce
    1/2 c  Mozzarella cheese
      1 tb Parmesan cheese
    1/4 c  Parsley
 
  Preparation:
  
  remove the skin from chicken breasts slightly beat the eggs shred the
  mozzarella cheese grate the parmesan cheese chop the parsley
  
  Using palm of hand flatten chicken to even thickness. Dip chicken
  into egg then into crumbs to coat. In skillet over medium heat, in
  hot margarine, brown chicken on both sides. Add spaghetti sauce.
  Reduce heat. Cover and simmer for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with cheeses
  and parsley. Cover, simmer for 5 minutes or until cheese melts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 20 MINUTE HAMBURGER SKILLET STEW
 Categories: Ground beef, Stews
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------THE REGISTER-----------------------------
    1/4 lb Lean ground beef^
      1 lg Onion, sliced wafer-thin
      4    Carrots, sliced wafer-thin
      2    Potatoes, halved, sliced
           -wafer-thin
      3    Ribs celery, sliced wafer-
           -thin
      1 c  Boiling water
      2 ts Beef extract OR bouillon
      2    Bay leaves
    1/4 ts Dried thyme
           Salt OR garlic salt
           Pepper
    1/4 c  Dry red wine OR tomato juice
      2 tb All purp flour

MMMMM------------------------PER SERVING-----------------------------
           Cal 230 with water OR
           240 with broth and wine
 
  Use melon baller and shape meat into tiny meatballs. Brown in skillet.
  Discard any fat. Stir onion into skillet and cook 1 min. Add boiling
  water or broth and extract or bouillon. Add remaining veggies,
  seasonings. Cover, cook over low heat, 15 mins until vegs are tender.
  Combine wine or water and flour in covered jar. Shake and stir into
  skillet. Cook and stir until sauce is thick, 4 mins. S: The Slim
  Gourmet
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 20-MINUTE POTATO SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Quarted medium red potatoes
    1/4 c  Sliced green onions
      1 sm Red or green bell pepper  --
           Sliced
    1/2 c  Miracle whip.  -- salad
           Dressing
      1 tb Coarse ground mustard
 
  Recipe by: Kraft ad, 92/04 Preparation Time: 2:00 Add potatoes to
  boiling water; cook 12 minutes or until tender. Drain.
  
  Toss with remaining ingredients; refrigerate. Makes 6 servings.
  
  >From: carl.berger@bbs.synapse.net (Carl Berger) Newsgroups:
  rec.food.cooking
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 24 HOUR CABBAGE SLAW
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lg Head of cabbage
      1    Onion
      1    Carrot
      1 c  Salad oil
      1 c  Vinegar
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Celery seed
      1 ts Dry mustard
      1 tb Sugar
 
  Shred cabbage, onion, and carrot fine.  In a bowl, alternate layers of
  cabbage, onion, and carrot.  Cover with 1 cup sugar. Bring to a
  rolling boil, vinegar, salad oil, celery seed, dry mustard, salt, and
  sugar. Pour rapidly boiling mixture over cabbage very slowly.
  Refrigerate for 24 hours. You might also add green bell pepper and/or
  a rib of celery thinly sliced. When ready to serve, stir well. This
  keeps well and gets better each day.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 24 HOUR DIP
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 oz Package spagetti sauce mix
      2 c  Sour cream
      1 ts Worcestershire sauce
    1/2 ts Garlic salt
 
  combine all in bowl and mix thoroughly. Regrigerate for 24 hours.
  Sprinkle with paprika and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 24 HOUR FRENCH BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 tb Active dry yeast
  2 1/2 c  Water (110-degrees)
  7 1/2 c  Bread flour to 8 cups
      1 tb Salt
      1    Egg white (for glaze)
      1 tb Water (for glaze)
 
  In large bowl of electric mixer, dissolve yeast in
    2-1/2 c  water. Add 2-1/2 to 3 c flour; stir 1 minute. Batter will
  have consistency of soft pudding.
  
  Cover bowl tightly with plastic wrap. Let rise in a warm place, free
  from drafts, overnight or at least 8 hours. The longer the sponge
  ferments, the better the flavor will be.
  
  The next day, stir in salt and 1 to 1-1/2 c  of remaining flour. Beat
  at medium speed with electric mixer 6 minutes, or beat 600 vigorous
  strokes by hand. Stir in enough remaining flour to make a soft dough.
  
  Turn out dough onto a lightly floured surface. Clean and lightly flour
  bowl. Knead dough 15 to 20 minutes or until smooth, elastic, and no
  longer sticky.
  
  Place dough in floured bowl. Dust surface lightly with flour; cover
  with a slightly damp towel. Let rise in a warm place, free from
  drafts, until tripled in bulk, about 1-1/2 hours.
  
  Grease 2 large baking sheets or 4 French-bread pans.
  
  Punch down dough. Knead 2 minutes. Cover and let rest
       10    minutes.
  
  For oblong loaves, divide dough into 3 or 4 pieces, depending on
  desired thickness of loaves.
  
  On a lightly floured surface, shape each piece into a smooth log,
  gently tapering ends. For round loaves, divide dough in half. Shape
  each half into a smooth ball.
  
  Place shaped dough on prepared baking sheets. Cover with a dry towel.
  Let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 hour.
  
  Adjust oven racks to 2 lowest positions. Place a shallow roasting pan
  on lowest shelf; pour in 2 c boiling water.
  
  Preheat oven 15 minutes to 425-degrees.
  
  Slash tops of oblong loaves with 5 diagonal slashes each. Slash tops
  of each round loaf with 3 horizontal slashes and 3 vertical slashes
  in a tic-tac-toe design.
  
  Brush loaves with cold water.
  
  Bake 15 minutes.
  
  Brush loaves with egg-white glaze; bake 10 minutes longer.
  
  Brush again with egg-white glaze. Remove roasting pan from oven.
  
  Bake loaves 10 to 15 minutes longer, for a total of 35 to 40 minutes,
  or until bread sounds hollow when tapped on bottom.
  
  Remove from pans; place loaves directly on oven rack.
  
  Bake 5 minutes longer. Cool on racks. Makes 2 to 4 loaves.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 24 HOUR FRUIT SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      2 md Cans of pineapple tidbits
      6 oz Can or orange juice, frozen
      1 pk Instant lemon pudding
      3    Bananas, sliced
      1 cn Pears, 2 1/2 lb.
  2 1/2 lb Can of apricots
  2 1/2 lb Can of peaches
      1 cn Mandarin oranges, drained
 
  Drain pineapple and dissolve orange juice in pineapple juice. Mix in
  juice instant pudding, sliced bananas, pears, apricots and peaches
  (in bite sizes.)  Add drained oranges and pineapple. Mix and let
  stand for 24 hours in refrigerator. Randy Rigg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 24 HOUR SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Egg yolks, beaten
      4 tb Sugar
      2 tb Vinegar
      2 tb Butter
  1 1/2 c  Pineapple tidbits, drained
  1 1/2 c  Minature marshmallows
      3    Oranges
      1 c  Whipping cream
 
  Put egg yolks in double boiler on low flame and add vinegar and sugar
  beating constantly until thick. Remove from heat, add butter and
  cool. Whip cream until peaks for, then fold in egg mixture. To this,
  add drained pineapple, oranges and marshmallows. Chill for 24 hours.
  Randy Rigg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 24 HOUR SLAW
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 lb Cabbage, shredded
      2    Green peppers, chopped
      1 tb Salt
      1 c  Water
      2 ts Celery seed
      2 md Onions, finely chopped
      2    Red peppers, chopped
      1 c  Cider vinegar
      2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Mustard seed
 
  Combine salt, vinegar, water, sugar, celery seed and mustard seed and
  bring to a boil.  Pour over vegetables. Chill. Store, covered, in the
  refrigerator.  Keep 24 hours before serving.  Will keep well if kept
  tightly covered and refrigerated. Randy Rigg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 24 HOUR VEGETABLE SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6 c  Lettuce, chopped
           Salt, pepper and sugar
      6    Eggs, hard cooked and sliced
      1 pk Peas, 10 oz. frozen, thawed
     16 oz Bacon, cooked crisp, crumble
      2 c  Natural Swiss cheese, shred
      1 c  Mayonnaise
    1/4 c  Green onion, slice with tops
           Paprika
 
  Place 2 cups of the lettuce in the bottom of a large bowl, sprinkle
  with salt, pepper and sugar.  Layer eggs atop lettuce in bowl;
  sprinkle with more salt. Layer in order; peas, remaining lettuce,
  bacon and Swiss cheese. Spread mayonnaise over the top, sealing to
  the edge of the bowl. Cover and chill for 24 hours. Garnish with
  green onion and paprika. Toss before serving. Randy Rigg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 24-HOUR LETTUCE SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Head lettuce, torn
    1/2 c  Celery, chopped
    1/2 c  Green pepper, diced
      1    Red onion, chopped
      1 pk Frozen baby green peas,
           Slightly thawed
      1 c  Mayonnaise
      2 ts Sugar or honey
      4 oz Cheddar cheese, grated
      8    Slices bacon, crumbled
 
  Layer first 5 ingredients in a glass bowl in order of listing. Spread
  on mayonnaise.  Sprinkle on sugar or honey, then cheese, then bacon.
  Cover with foil and refrigerate overnight. Toss lightly just before
  serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 250 DOLLAR COOKIE RECIPIE
 Categories: Cookies, Breads
      Yield: 112 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Margarine
      2 c  Sugar
      2 c  Sugar brown
      4 lg Eggs
      8 oz Chocolate wafer - 1 bar
      5 c  Oatmeal dry
      4 c  All purpose flour
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking Powder
      2 ts Baking Soda
    1/2 c  Chocolate chips, semi-sweet
      2 ts Vanilla extract
      3 c  Walnuts
 
  Cream butter and sugars.  Add eggs and vanilla, mix with flour,
  oatmeal (Blend oatmeal in blender to a fine powder first), salt,
  baking powder and soda.  Add chocolate chips, Hershey bar and nuts,
  roll into balls and place 2 in apart on cookie sheet, bake
  
  Once at Neiman Marcus cafe in Dallas a lady had dinner, liked the
  cookies and asked for recipie. Waiter said it was "Two fifty", OK put
  it on the bill.  Dinner was $20 and the recipie was $250.00, they
  refused to take recipie back as she had seen it, so
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 262435 VELVEETA CHEESE FUDGE
 Categories: Velveeta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 lb Powdered sugar
      1 c  Cocoa
      1 lb Velveeta cheese,
           -cut in sm. pieces
      1 lb Oleo (melt a little in pan
           -before adding cheese to
           -prevent sticking)
 
  Stir sugar and cocoa until cocoa is mixed well.  Then, melt together
  oleo and velveeta on low heat, stirring constantly: When melted, add
  1 cup of chopped pecans (or more). Pour into sugar-cocoa mixture and
  stir, stir, stir.  Pour into pans sprayed with Pam and press to edge
  of pan. Will make 2 cookie sheet pans full or you can half the above
  mixtures if you want lesser a amount.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 279682 KING RANCH CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casserole, Chicken, Frozen
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Frying chicken
      1    (10 3/4 oz.) can cream of
           Mushroom soup
      1    (10 3/4 oz.) can cream of
           Chicken soup
      1    (10 oz.) can Ro-Tel
           Tomatoes
           Green chilies (diced)
    1/2 cn Chicken broth
     12    Corn tortillas
      1    Onion, chopped
      2 c  Cheese, grated
 
  Cook chicken in small amount of water, lightly salted, until tender.
  Bone and cut into pieces.  To make a sauce, blend until smooth the
  following: The 2 cans of soup, can of tomatoes and chilies and
  chicken broth. Set aside.  Into a 2 1/2 quart casserole (greased),
  place a layer of chicken, 1/2 of the tortillas, cut into pieces, 1/2
  of the onion, 1/2 of the cheese and 1/2 of the sauce. Repeat the
  layers ending with the grated cheese. Bake uncovered for 1 hour. Bake
   at
      350    degrees.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 290655 -- ZITI  CASSEROLE
 Categories: M, A, I, N, D
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Lean ground chuck
    1/2 lb Ground turkey
           Vegetable cooking spray
      1 c  Chopped onion
      1 c  Sliced mushrooms
    3/4 c  Chopped green pepper
      2    Cloves garlic, minced
      1 c  Water
    1/4 c  Chopped parsley
  1 1/2 ts Italian seasoning
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      2    (14 1/2 oz.) cans whole
           Tomatoes,
           Undrained & chopped
      1    (6 oz.) can tomato paste
      3 c  Cooked ziti
      1 c  Fresh grated Parmesan
           Cheese
 
  Cook ground chuck and turkey in a Dutch oven over medium heat until
  browned, stirring to crumble. Drain and pat dry with paper towels; set
  aside. Coat pan with cooking spray; add onion, mushroom, bell pepper
  and garlic; saute 4 minutes until tender. Return turkey mixture to
  pan, add water and next 6 ingredients. Bring to boil; reduce heat and
  simmer, uncovered, 25 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from
  heat and cool slightly.  Add pasta; stir well. Spoon into 13"x9"x2"
  baking dish, cover with heavy aluminum foil; cut 3 slashes in foil.
  Bake at 375 degrees for 50 minutes or until thoroughly heated.
  Uncover; top with cheese. Cover and let stand 5 minutes. Makes 8
  servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 291073 -- ZITI  CASSEROLE
 Categories: M, A, I, N, D
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    (1 lb.) pkg. ziti
      1 lb Container Ricotta cheese or
        lb Cream style cottage cheese
    1/4 lb Mozzarella cheese, diced
    1/2 c  Grated Parmesan cheese
      1    Egg
    3/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      6 c  Tomato sauce
 
  Cook ziti and drain.  Combine Ricotta or cottage cheese, Mozzarella,
  Parmesan, egg, salt and pepper in a large bowl. Layer ziti, cheese
  mixture and tomato sauce in 13 x 9 x 2 inch casserole, starting and
  ending with sauce.  Bake at
      350    degrees for 40 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 291284 -- ZITI  CASSEROLE
 Categories: M, A, I, N, D
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6 oz Mushrooms
      4 c  Broccoli flowerets
    1/2 c  Thinly sliced carrots
      1 lb Ziti
      2 c  Light cream
      4 oz Sharp Cheddar cheese
      3 oz Parmesan cheese
      1 c  Walnuts
           Butter or margarine
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
 
  Trim and remove stems from mushrooms.  Quarter large mushrooms. Melt 1
  tablespoon of butter or margarine in a large skillet over moderate
  heat. Stir-fry mushrooms caps and stems 1 minute until coated.
  Remove. Add 1 tablespoon oil, broccoli and carrots to the skillet.
  Stir-fry 1 minute. Add 2 tablespoons of water; cover and cook 3
  minutes until vegetables are crisp and tender; drain. Melt 4
  tablespoons butter or margarine; stir in 3 tablespoons flour. Cook 2
  minutes, stirring once or twice. Continue stirring and slowly add
  light cream. Increase heat slightly; stir in 1 cup Parmesan and 1 cup
  sharp Cheddar cheese. Add 1/2 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.
  Stir 2-3 minutes until sauce thickens and bubbles. Gently mix ziti
  which has been cooked and drained, mushrooms, carrots, broccoli and 1
  cup walnuts in large bowl. Add cheese sauce and toss gently. Place
  into a 2-quart baking dish. Cover tightly with foil and refrigerate.
  Bake at 375 degrees for 25 minutes. GOOD DISH TO MAKE AHEAD AND SERVE
  LATER.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 293460 -- ZITI  CASSEROLE
 Categories: M, A, I, N, D
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pk Ziti
      3 lb Ground beef
      2 c  Chopped onions
      1 lb Sliced mushrooms (5 c.)
      2    Cloves garlic, minced
      2 c  Sour cream
      4 c  Spaghetti sauce (1 qt.)
    1/2    Red wine
      2 ts Oregano
      2 ts Salt
      1 ts Pepper
      8 oz Mozzarella cheese, shredded
 
  Cook pasta, reducing cooking time by 5 minutes. Meanwhile, saute beef
  and onions until beef is well browned. Use 2 large skillets or brown
  half at a time.  Add mushrooms and garlic and cook 3 minutes. Drain
  ziti. Combine meat mixture, sauce, wine, oregano, salt and pepper.
  Add ziti and mix. Pour into 2 greased 13 x 9 inch baking dishes and
  sprinkle with cheese. Cover with foil. Bake at 350 degrees for 35-40
  minutes. Serve with sour cream. Makes 8 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 293915 -- BEEF  ZITI  CASSEROLE
 Categories: M, A, I, N, D
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      8 oz Ziti macaroni, uncooked
      1    (16 oz.) can DelMonte cut
           Green
           Beans, drained
      1    (11 oz.) can Green Giant
           Niblets
           Corn, drained
      1 lb Ground beef
      2    (10 3/4 oz.) cans
           Campbell's
           Condensed golden mushroom
           Soup
      1    (14 1/2 oz.) can DelMonte
           Stewed
           Tomatoes (any kind but I
           Prefer
           The chunky pasta style or
           Italian
           Style)
      1 ts Dried basil leaves, crushed
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
      2 c  Shredded sharp Cheddar
           Cheese
 
  Preheat oven to 400 degrees.  Cook ziti according to package
  directions; drain.  Return cooked ziti and vegetables (green beans
  and corn) to cooking pot used to cook ziti. Meanwhile, in 10 inch
  skillet over medium heat, cook beef until browned, stirring to
  separate meat; drain fat. Stir in soup, tomatoes, basil, pepper, and
  garlic to meat. Heat thoroughly. Add soup mixture to ziti mixture;
  mix well. Spoon into greased 13 x 9 inch baking dish. Cover with
  foil. Bake 15 minutes. Uncover; sprinkle with cheese. Bake 5 minutes
  more or until cheese melts. Makes 7 1/2 cups or 6 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 3 STEP BLUEBERRY CHEESE CAKE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 pk 8oz cream cheese
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Vanilla
      2 ea Eggs
      1 ea 9oz graham cracker crust
      1 cn Blueberry pie filling
 
  Mix cream cheese, sugar, vanilla until smooth and creamy. Add eggs
  and mix well. Pour into pie crust. Spoon 1/4 to 1/3 of pie filling on
  to top. Gently swirl with toothpick. Bake at 350 degrees for 40
  minutes or until center is set. Cool to room temperature and then
  refrigerate. Serve topped with remaining pie filling.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 3 TOFU MARINADES~ PRESSING TOFU
 Categories: Vegetables, Sept.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           None
 
  Pressing: Split the block lengthwise.  lay several layers of paper
  towel on a flat surface; place the tofu cut side down on the towels,
  put another couple of layers of paper towel on top, cover with
  something flat and rigid (I use a cutting board) and place a weight
  on top (I use a gallon jug of brandy :-)
  
  I read somewhere that baking the tofu after pressing the water out and
  before marinating helps the tofu to absorb the marinade better. So, I
  cut up the tofu after pressing, then bake at 375 deg for 15 min. Then
  I put the tofu in the marinade, wait awhile, then stir fry or grill.
  Works great for me. From: pasquale@lanl.gov (Gina Pasquale).
  
  let it sit for 45 minutes or longer; this presses out the excess
  water in the tofu, and makes it chewier and less likely to crumble.
  It can then be grilled or baked, or cut up for use in stir-fries. I
  usually marinate it after pressing. Here are a couple of marinades to
  get you started:
  
  1) 1/2 cup light soy 1/2 cup dry sherry 2 tbs fresh grated ginger 2
  cloves minced garlic
  
  2) 1/2 cup fresh soy 1/2 cup lime juice 1 TBS ground cumin 1 TBS
  olive oil 2 serrano chiles, seeded and diced
  
  3) 1 cup orange juice 3 tbs jamaican jerk sauce
  
  From: narad@nudibranch.asd.sgi.com (Chuck Narad). rfvc Digest V94
  Issue #200 Sept. 17, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 3-BEAN CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casseroles, Ground meat, Bacon, Legumes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     20 oz Kidney beans
     20 oz Lima beans; canned
     20 oz Pork & beans
    1/2 lb Bacon; chopped
      1 lb Ground beef
      1 lg Onions; chopped
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Ketchup
      1 tb Mustard, prepared
      1 tb Worcestershire sauce
 
         Brown bacon and beef.  Add all other ingredients. Mix well and
  bake at 325 for 35 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 3-BEAN SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Beans
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn 16-oz green beans
      1 cn 16-oz kidney beans
      1 cn 16-oz wax beans
    1/2 c  Chopped green pepper
    1/2 c  Sugar
    2/3 c  Vinegar
    1/2 c  Salad oil
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
 
  Drain the three kinds of beans and place them in a bowl. Add all
  ingredients EXCEPT the onion. Mix well and chill several hours. Add
  1/2 cup onion before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 3-PEPPER OREGON HAZELNUT SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 qt Chicken stock
      1 c  Lentils
    1/2 c  Chopped onions
    1/2 c  Chopped carrots
    1/4 c  Chopped celery
      2    Garlic cloves
    1/2 ts Coriander
    1/2 ts Fenugreek
    1/4 ts Cumin
      2 c  Water
  1 1/2 c  Oregon hazelnuts
           -- toasted & chopped
      1 ts Mixed pepper corns*
      2 tb Roux**
 
  *(pink, green & black, cracked)
  
  **(equal parts of soft butter and flour worked into smooth paste)
  
  Combine stock, lentils, onions, carrots, celery, garlic, coriander,
  fenugreek and cumin in a heavy 3-quart soup pot. Bring to a boil,
  reduce heat and simmer 1 hour. Remove from heat and put through a
  sieve or puree and return to pot. Add water, hazelnuts, peppers, and
  simmer 15 minutes. Thicken by beating in roux and cooking an
  additional 15 minutes. Salt to taste. Garnish with sour cream,
  chopped onion or chives and Oregon hazelnuts.
  
  * COOKFDN brings you this recipe with permission from: * Oregon
  Hazelnut Industry and The Hazelnut Marketing Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 3-SEED WHOLE WHEAT BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Abm
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      2 ts Dry yeast
      2 tb Sunflower seeds
      2 tb Sesame seeds
      2 tb Poppy seeds
    1/2 c  Rolled oats
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Whole wheat flour
      3 tb Olive oil
      2 tb Honey
      1 c  Warm water
 
  This will make a 1 1/2 lb loaf.  Use the whole wheat setting on your
  machine.  We love this bread, but I'm not a big fan of all whole
  wheat, so I usually use 1 1/2 cups of BREAD flour and just 1/2 cup
  Whole wheat.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 3-STEP CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 pk Cheam cheese,softened (8oz)
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      2    Eggs
      1    Graham-cracker crust,9"
 
  Mix cream cheese, sugar and vanilla at medium speed with electric
  mixer until well-blended. Pour into crust. Bake at 350'F. for 40
  minutes, or until center is almost set. Cool. Refrigerate 3 hours or
  overnight, Makes 8 servings.
  
  NOTE: You can also use lighter Neufchatel-type cheese.
  
  Variations: For chocolate, melt four squares of semi-sweet baking
  chocolate; add after eggs and mix until blended. For candy version,
  sprinkle 1 cup of chopped candy bars on top of cake before baking. For
  pumpkin, add 1/2 cup canned pumpkin, 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon
  and a dash each of nutmeg and cloves in the first step. Then add eggs
  and proceed as directed.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 3-STEP CHEESECAKE RECIPE
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes, Cheese, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           -Karen Thackeray
      2    8 oz pkgs cream cheese;
           -softened *
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      2    Eggs
    1/2    Mini semi-sweet choco chips
           Graham cracker crust
 
   * You can substitute "light" cream cheese Beat cream cheese, sugar
  and vanilla at medium speed until well blended. Blend in 2 eggs. Stir
  in chocolate chips then pour batter into graham cracker pie crust.
  (you may sprinkle 1/4 c mini semi-sweet chocolate chips on top if you
  desire) Bake at 350F for 40 min, or until center is almost set. Cool.
  For best results refrigerate for 3 hours.
   Source: TV Guide clipping
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30 - 30 CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
     30    Marshmellows( cut up )
     30    Cherries red & green
     30    Chopped walnuts
     30    Graham wafers crushed
      1 cn Eagle brand milk
 
  Mix all to-gether well. Line 8x8 pan with waxed paper, sprinkle with
  cocoanut. Pour mixture on top and press so it sticks to-gether.
  Sprinkle cocoanut on top and press down. Refrigerate & cut in squares.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30-MIN: BEEF FAJITAS
 Categories: Beef, Mexican
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      1    Onion, cut in strips
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      1 tb Chili powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 lb Lean ground beef
    1/2 c  Salsa
      1    Sweet red pepper, chopped
      1    Sweet green pepper, chopped
      1 sm Zucchini, thinly sliced
      4    10-inch flour tortillas
    2/3 c  Low-fat sour cream
      2 ts Dijon mustard
 
  In nonstick skillet, heat oil over medium-high heat; cook onion,
  garlic, chili powder, salt and pepper, stirring often, for 5 minutes
  or until onion is softened.
  
  Add beef and salsa; cook, breaking up beef with back of spoon, for
  about 3 minutes or until beef is no longer pink. Add peppers and
  zucchini; cook, stirring, for 3 minutes or until tender-crisp and
  liquid has evaporated.
  
  Meanwhile, wrap tortillas in foil; heat in 350F 180C oven for 5
  minutes or until warmed through. Stir sour cream with mustard. Divide
  beef mixture among tortillas and roll up. Serve with sour cream
  mixture.
  
  4 servings for $9.56CDN [Aug 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 545 calories, 31 g protein, 25 g fat, 49 g
  carbohydrate, good source calcium, excellent source iron
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Aug 95 Article "30-Minute Summer
  Suppers" Recipe by Canadian Living Test Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30-MIN: CHILI CORNMEAL CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry etc, Chili
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 tb Cornmeal
      1 tb All-purpose flour
      1 tb Chili powder
      1 ts Ground cumin
      1 ts Dried oregano
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 pn Cayenne pepper
      4    Chicken breasts, boneless,
           -skinless
      1 tb Vegetable oil
 
  Slice some juicy, fresh tomatoes while you steam green beans and new
  potatoes to serve with this dish.
  
  In shallow dish, combine cornmeal, flour, chili powder, cumin,
  oregano, salt and cayenne.
  
  Press chicken into mixture to coat all over. In nonstick skillet,
  beat oil over medium heat; cook chicken, turning once, for 10-15
  minutes or until no longer pink inside.
  
  4 servings for $5.92CDN [Aug 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 180 calories, 28 g protein, 5 g fat, 3 g
  carbohydrate,
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Aug 95 Article "30-Minute Summer
  Suppers" Recipe by Canadian Living Test Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30-MIN: HERBED PORK CUTLETS
 Categories: Pork
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Egg
    1/3 c  Dry bread crumbs
    1/4 c  Fresh basil, chopped
      2 tb Fresh oregano, chopped
      1 tb Parmesan, fresh grated
      1 ts Fresh thyme, chopped
    1/2 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 lb Fast-fry pork cutlets
      2 tb Vegetable oil
 
  In shallow dish, lightly beat egg. In separate shallow dish, stir
  together bread crumbs, basil, oregano, Parmesan, thyme, pepper and
  salt. Dip pork into egg to coat well; press into bread crumb mixture,
  turning to coat all over.
  
  In large skillet, heat half of the oil. over medium heat; cook pork,
  in batches and adding remaining oil if necessary, turning once, for
  8-10 minutes or until just a hint of pink remains inside. Serve with
  new red potatoes and yellow beans.
  
  4 servings for $5.37CDN [Aug 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 255 calories, 28 g protein, 12 g fat, 7 g
  carbohydrate,
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Aug 95 Article "30-Minute Summer
  Suppers" Recipe by Canadian Living Test Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30-MIN: LAMB GRILL FOR TWO
 Categories: Lamb
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 tb Low-sodium soy sauce
      2 ts Sesame oil
      1    Green onion, chopped
      1    Garlic clove, minced
      2 ts Gingerroot, minced
    1/4 ts Pepper
      4    Lamb loin chops (8 oz)
           Salt
 
  In shallow dish, whisk together soy sauce, oil, onion, garlic, ginger
  and pepper. Add lamb, turning to coat; let stand for 10 minutes.
  Reserving marinade, place lamb on greased grill over medium-high
  heat; cover and cook, basting with marinade, for 5-7 minutes on each
  side for medium-rare or until desired doneness. Season with salt to
  taste.
  
  Serve with sauted zucchini slices and sweet potatoes.
  
  4 servings for $6.08CDN [Aug 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 360 calories, 32 g protein, 9 g fat, 40 g
  carbohydrate, high source fibre, good source iron
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Aug 95 Article "30-Minute Summer
  Suppers" Recipe by Canadian Living Test Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30-MIN: PEACH PORT SAUT
 Categories: Pork
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Pork chops, [1 1/2 lb]
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 tb Butter
    1/2 c  Peach nectar, or apple juice
      2    Peaches, unpeeled,thin slice
      1 tb Fresh oregano, chopped
 
  Trim fat from chops; sprinkle with salt and pepper. In large heavy
  skillet, melt butter over medium-high heat; cook chops for 3-4
  minutes on each side or until browned. Remove and set aside.
  
  Pour nectar into pan, stirring to deglaze. Add peaches and oregano;
  cook, stirring often, for 4 minutes or until peaches are just tender.
  
  Return chops to pan; cook for 3 minutes or until just a hint of pink
  remains inside.
  
  Serve with sliced cucumbers, red peppers and fluffy rice.
  
  4 servings for $6.09CDN [Aug 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 225 calories, 25 g protein, 9 g fat, 9 g
  carbohydrate,
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Aug 95 Article "30-Minute Summer
  Suppers" Recipe by Canadian Living Test Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30-MIN: PEPPER CORN PAELLA - VEGETARIAN DISH
 Categories: Vegetables, Main dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      1    Onion, chopped
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      1 c  Short-grain rice
    1/4 ts Turmeric
      2 c  Vegetable stock, warm
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1    Sweet red pepper
      1    Sweet green pepper
      2    Plum tomatoes
  1 1/2 c  Corn kernels
           Fresh parsley, chopped
 
  In large nonstick skillet or paella pan, heat oil over medium heat;
  cook onion, garlic, rice and turmeric for 4 minutes or until onion is
  softened. Stir in stock, salt and pepper; bring to boil. Reduce heat,
  cover and simmer for 10 minutes.
  
  Meanwhile, cut green and red peppers in half lengthwise; remove core
  and membranes. Cut in half crosswise; cut lengthwise into strips.
  Core and chop tomatoes. Stir peppers and tomatoes into pan; cook,
  covered, for 15 minutes or until rice is almost tender.
  
  Stir in corn; cook, covered for about 5 minutes or until liquid has
  evaporated.
  
  Garnish with parsley.
  
  Serve with a crusty roll and crunchy-crisp marinated salad.
  
  4 servings for $5.23CDN [Aug 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 365 calories, 7 g protein,  g fat,
       61 g  carbohydrate,
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Aug 95 Article "30-Minute Summer
  Suppers" Recipe by Canadian Living Test Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30-MIN: TUNA BURGERS
 Categories: Fish*shell
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Eggs
    1/3 c  Dry bread crumbs
      1 tb Fresh dill, chopped, or
           -1 ts dried dillweed
      1 tb Horseradish
      2 ts Dijon mustard
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 pn Salt
     13 oz Canned water-packed tuna
      2    Green onions, minced
      1    Celery stalk, chopped
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      4    Whole-wheat hamburger buns
           Alfalfa sprouts
 
  In bowl, lightly beat eggs; mix in bread crumbs, dill, horseradish,
  mustard, pepper and salt.
  
  Drain tuna; mix into bowl along with onions and celery. Shape into
  four 1/2-inch thick patties.
  
  In nonstick skillet, heat oil over medium heat; cook patties, turning
  once, for 10 minutes or until golden brown and set.
  
  Sandwich in buns. Garnish with sprouts.
  
  4 servings for $6.08CDN [Aug 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 360 calories, 32 g protein, 9 g fat, 40 g
  carbohydrate, high source fibre, good source iron
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Aug 95 Article "30-Minute Summer
  Suppers" Recipe by Canadian Living Test Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30-MIN: TURKEY PICCATA
 Categories: Poultry etc
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  All-purpose flour
      2 ts Lemon rind, grated
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Dried thyme
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 lb Turkey scaloppine
      2 ts Butter
      2 ts Olive oil
           Fresh parsley, chopped
 
  Traditionally, piccata consists of seasoned and floured veal that is
  sauted and served with a quick lemony sauce. It can also be perfectly
  made with turkey.
  
  [If turkey scaloppine is unavailable, turn 1 lb turkey cutlets into
  thin pieces by pounding between waxed paper with mallet to 1/4-inch
  thickness.]
  
  In shallow dish, lightly beat egg. In Separate shallow dish, combine
  flour, lemon rind, salt, thyme and pepper. Dip turkey into egg to
  coat well; press into flour mixture, turning to coat all over.
  
  In nonstick skillet, heat half each of the butter and oil over medium
  heat; cook half of the turkey, turning once, for 6 minutes or until
  no longer pink inside. Wipe out pan; repeat with remaining butter,
  oil and turkey.
  
  Garnish with parsley. 4 servings for $2.22CDN [Aug 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 210 calories, 29 g protein, 7 g fat, 4 g
  carbohydrate,
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Aug 95 Article "30-Minute Summer
  Suppers" Recipe by Canadian Living Test Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30-MIN: VEGETABLE PENNE
 Categories: Pastanoodle, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Tomatoes
      2    Zucchini
      2 tb Olive oil
      3    Garlic cloves, minced
      2 c  Small button mushroom,
           -halved
      1    Onion, chopped
      1 tb Dried basil
      1 ts Dried oregano
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      1 pn Hot pepper flakes, crushed
      1 tb Red wine vinegar
      4 oz Light cream cheese, soften
      5 c  Penne, or other pasta
 
  Finely chop 3 of the tomatoes; cut remaining tomato into thin wedges.
  Quarter zucchini lengthwise; cut into slices. Set aside.
  
  in skillet, heat oil  over medium heat; cook garlic, mushrooms, onion,
  basil, oregano, salt, pepper and hot pepper flakes, stirring often,
  for about 4 minutes or until onion is softened.
  
  Stir in chopped tomatoes and increase heat to medium-high; cook,
  stirring occasionally, for about 5 minutes or until tomato juices are
  released. Stir in zucchini and vinegar; reduce heat to medium and
  cook, stirring often, for about 5 minutes or until zucchini is
  tender. Stir in cream cheese until blended.
  
  Meanwhile, in large pot of boiling salted water, cook penne for 8-10
  minutes or until tender but firm; drain and return to pot. Add sauce
  and toss to coat.
  
  Garnish with tomato wedges.
  
  Serve with crusty whole wheat bread and a green salad tossed with a
  favourite dressing.
  
  4 servings for $6.43CDN [Aug 95]
  
  Per Serving: about 610 calories, 19 g protein, 16 g fat, 99 g
  carbohydrate, very high source fibre, good source iron.
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Aug 95 Article "30-Minute Summer
  Suppers" Recipe by Canadian Living Test Kitchen
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 30-MINUTE BEEF STROGANOFF
 Categories: Low-fat, Beef
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
        x  Nonstick cooking spray;
      1 lb Round steak; cut into 1/4 in
           -strips
    2/3 c  ;water;*
      3 oz Mushrooms, sliced; canned
      1 pk Dry onion soup mix;**
      1 c  Yogurt, plain, lowfat;
      2 tb Flour;
      6 oz Noodles, egg; cooked
 
  In a frying pan sprayed with nonstick cooking spray, brown meat. Add
  water, mushrooms (including liquid), and soup mix. Cover and simmer
  for 15 minutes.  In a small bowl, blend yogurt and flour; add to meat
  mixture. Cook and stir on low heat until mixture thickens. Serve over
  hot noodles.
  
  ORIGINAL POSTERS NOTES: *NOTE: For greater flavor with little or no
  fat add, substitute no fat beef broth or some wine for part of the
  water called for in the ingredients.
  
  **If you have a sensitivity to sodium, note that the dry onion soup
  mix may be high in salt.  I have also posted a recipe for onion
  seasoning mix in CAT 3 TOPic 31 that was posted on the board sometime
  back that enables you to use your own mix and control the amount of
  salt in it.
  
  Original Posted by C.FERRELL2 (Carol) Genie 6/12/93 Formatted for
  MM:dianeE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 4 & 20 MEAT PIE
 Categories: Meats, Pies
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------BASE---------------------------------
      8 oz Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 pt Water
      2 oz Beef drippings

MMMMM----------------------------TOP---------------------------------
     12 oz Puff pastry
           Beaten egg for glaze

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      1 lb Minced beef
      1    "cube" beef stock
      1 ts Salt
           Pepper to taste
    1/2 pt Water
      1 pn Nutmeg
      3 tb Flour
           Brown food coloring
 
  Mix all base ingredients thoroughly.  Roll out to about 1/8"
  thickness.
  
  Roll out puff pastry to 1/4" thickness.
  
  Saute the beef.  Dissolve the stock cube in the water, add to beef.
  Season to taste.  Sprinkle with flour and cook till flour is browned
  and incorporated well. Adjust seasoning and coloring to taste.
  
  Make pies by putting scoops of about 1/4 cup on the base crust. Egg
  glaze around the filling and top with the puff pastry, using the egg
  glaze as a "glue" (try not to leave large air pockets). Cut around
  the filling, creating individual pies.  Brush the top with more egg
  glaze for color and bake at 350 degrees till puffed and browned.
  
  Fm: Dan Perlman 71370,1423
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 4 B'S RESTAURANT TOMATO SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Copycat
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 cn 28 0z diced tomatoes
      1 c  Chicken broth
    1/4 c  Butter
      2 tb Sugar
      1 tb Chopped onion
    1/8 ts Baking soda
      2 c  Milk
 
  In a saucepan, combine the first 6 ingredients.  Cover and simmer for
  1 hour.  Heat milk, add to tomato mixture just before serving. makes
  about
    1 1/2    quarts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 4 HOUR BEEF STEW
 Categories: Main dish, Meats, Cajun
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Cubed stew beef
      2    Onions, quartered
      1 cn Tomato sauce (small)
      5    Carrots, cut in chunks
      2 tb Tapioca
           Potatoes
 
     Mix all ingredients, except potatoes , and place in casserole.
  Cover top with raw potatoes.  Cover and bake at 250 F. for 4 hrs.
  
  C. Younker--Shreveport, La.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 4-WAY CINCINNATI CHILI
 Categories: Pasta, Main dishes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
  :          Vegetable cooking spray
    3 1/2 c  chopped onion -- divided
        1 c  chopped green bell pepper
        2    cloves garlic -- minced
        1 lb ground round
        2 ts ground cinnamon
        2 ts paprika
        1 ts chili powder
        1 ts ground cumin
      1/2 ts ground allspice
      1/2 ts dried whole marjoram
      1/4 ts ground nutmeg
        1    stick cinnamon -- (3-inch)
      3/4 ts salt
      1/4 ts pepper
        2 cn no-salt-added whole tomatoes
  :          & liquid -- 14-1/2-ounce
  :          -chopped
    4 1/2 c  hot cooked spaghetti
      3/4 c  low calorie cheddar cheese
        3    ounces
       36    oyster crackers
  
  This unusual way to serve chili--over spaghetti--is a solid-gold
  tradition in the Queen City. Coat a large Dutch oven with cooking
  spray; place over medium-high heat until hot. Add 2 cups onion and
  next 3 ingredients; cook until meat is browned, stirr To serve,
  arrange spaghetti on individual serving plates. Spoon chili over
  spaghetti; top with cheese and remaining 1-1/2 cups onion. Serve with
  crackers. Yi
  
  Recipe By     : Cooking Light YEAR: 1993 ISSUE: Oct PAGE: 62
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 40 CLOVE GARLIC CHICKEN (SVMF28B) 1I29
 Categories: Chicken, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        2    Chicken breasts -- split
        4 TB Oil
        4 TB Butter
      1/4 c  Sweet vermouth
       40 c  Garlic; peeled -- whole
  
  Melt butter in frying pan.  Add oil.  Brown chicken well on both
  sides. Remove chicken.  Add garlic and saute for about a minute. Add
  dry vermouth. Stir. Put chicken back in the pan on top of garlic.
  Cover and simmer about one hour, turning chicken every once in a
  while. When done serve chicken with cloves of garlic. Garlic will pop
  out of the shell easily and you can either mash it onto some hot
  bread or eat it plain with the chicken. The garlic carmelizes when
  cooked with the vermouth and it is almost sweet-tasting. Good luck
  and I hope you enjoy this!!
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 400-CLOVE GARLIC TURKEY FROM THE STINKING ROS
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1    Turkey
      4 oz Butter
      2 oz Olive oil
      1 c  Sage, fresh; chopped
      2 tb Garlic cloves, crushed
           Salt
           Pepper
      2 lb Garlic cloves; peeled
      2 c  Wine, white
      2 c  Stock, chicken
    1/2 c  Flour
 
  Turkey stock may be substituted for chicken stock, if available.
  
  Clean and wash the turkey and pat dry with a paper towel. Loosen the
  skin of the breast and rub the turkey under the skin with the sage
  and chopped garlic. Season the turkey inside and out with salt and
  pepper and remaining sage. Place turkey in a large roasting pan,
  preferably on a rack. Roast the turkey at 350 degrees, basting every
  twenty minutes with the melted butter and olive oil combined.
  
  An hour and half before the turkey will be finished, add the 400
  garlic cloves to the bottom of the roasting pan. Continue to baste
  the turkey and at the same time stir the cloves at the bottom of the
  pan. Then the turkey is done, remove it from the pan. Drain the
  drippings into a small sauce pan, reserving the garlic in the
  roasting pan. Place the roasting pan on a burner over medium-high
  heat. Add white wine and stock. Bring to a boil, stirring with a wisk
  to mash the roasted garlic cloves.
  
  Place the saucepan with the drippings over medium heat and with a
  whip add the flour to form a roux. Add the roux to the garlic gravy a
  little at a time until it reaches the desired thickness. Carve the
  turkey and serve with the 400-clove garlic gravy, accompnied by
  garlic mashed potatoes.
  
  This popular North Beach restaurant claims that it "seasons its
  garlic with food."  You'll see what they mean when you look at the
  list of ingredients.
  
  From:  The Stinking Rose Garlic Restaurant, 325 Columbus Avenue, San
  Francisco, California
  
  Posted by Linda Shogren on GEnie, 11/92
  
  MM by THE.LARK [Choc. King]
  
  From the recipe files of Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$
  71511,2253, GT Cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005, Internet
  sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 461559 -- DIABETIC  DATE  DAINTIES
 Categories: D, I, A, B, E
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Eggs
  1 1/2 ts Liquid sweetener
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/3 c  Dates, chopped
    1/4 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Nuts
  1 1/2 c  Bread crumbs
 
  Beat eggs, sweetener and baking powder.  Add dates, flour and nuts.
  Stir in bread crumbs. Chill, then measure by teaspoon on a greased
  cookie sheet. Bake at
      375    degrees for 12 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 461596 DIABETIC FUDGE
 Categories: Low-cal, Chocolate, Desserts
      Yield: 32 Servings
 
      1    14 1/2 oz. evaporated milk
      3 tb Cocoa
    1/4 c  Oleo
           Liquid Sweetner to equal
           -1/2 cup of sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
  2 1/2 c  Graham cracker crumbs
    1/4 c  Nuts
 
  Combine milk and cocoa in saucepan. Beat well. Add oleo, sweetner,
  salt. Bring to boil. Remove from heat. Stir in remaining ingredients
  except 1/4 cup graham crackers. Cool about 15 minutes. Divide mixture
  into 32 balls. Roll in remaining cracker crumbs and chill.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 461656 -- DIABETIC  GLORIFIED  RICE
 Categories: D, I, A, B, E
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Rice, uncooked (not
           Instant)
      1    (20 oz.) crushed pineapple,
           In own
           Juice
      1    (3 oz.) pkg. sugar-free
           Fruit
           Flavored gelatin
           Boiling water
           Pineapple juice, drained
           From can
           Maraschino cherries
           Heavy cream
 
  Cook rice according to package directions.  Drain, set aside. Drain
  pineapple, reserving 1 cup juice. Dissolve gelatin in 1 cup boiling
  water. Add juice. Stir in well drained rice, the cooked rice will
  absorb the color and flavor of the gelatin.  Mix well and chill until
  thickened but not quite set. Add drained pineapple and cherries, if
  desired. Fold in cream that has been whipped. Chill. 8 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 461679 -- LASAGNA
 Categories: D, I, A, B, E
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Chopped onions
      1 c  Sliced mushrooms
    1/2 c  Diced green peppers
      1 tb Parsley flakes
    1/2 ts Each basil, oregano, chili
           Powder
      5 oz Mozzarella cheese
      1    Garlic clove, minced
      1 c  Chopped carrots
      3 c  Tomatoes
    1/4 ts Dried rosemary
      3 oz Grated Romano cheese
  1 1/3 c  Cottage cheese
 
  Saute onions, garlic, mushrooms, carrots, and peppers until soft. Add
  tomatoes, parsley, basil, oregano, chili powder, rosemary, and pepper.
  Simmer 15 minutes. Mix together the 3 cheeses. Starting with sauce,
  layer with 8 cooked lasagna noodles and cheese in an 8 x 12 inch
  casserole. Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes. Serves 4.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 461743 -- BAKED  BEANS
 Categories: D, I, A, B, E
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    (16 oz.) cans French style
           Beans
      1 tb Dehydrated onion flakes
      1 c  Tomato juice
      2 ts Worcestershire sauce
      1 ts Dry mustard
           Artificial sweetener to
           Equal 12 tsp.
           Sugar
 
  Drain beans and empty into bowl.  Add remaining ingredients. Mix
  lightly and turn into baking dish. Bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 461744 -- BAKED  CHICKEN  WITH  APPLES
 Categories: D, I, A, B, E
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 1/2    To 3 lb. chicken, cut up
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1    Chicken bouillon cube
    1/2 c  Boiling water
    1/2 c  Apple juice
      2 c  Sliced fresh green beans,
           French
           Style
      1 c  Diced peeled apples
      1 tb Flour
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 oz Bread
 
  Sprinkle both sides of chicken with salt and pepper. Place chicken on
  a rack in a shallow open roasting pan. Bake in hot oven (450 degrees)
  until browned, about 20 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350
  degrees. Remove chicken and rack; pour off any fat from pan. Return
  chicken to pan. Dissolve bouillon in boiling water. Pour over chicken
  along with apple juice.  Stir in green beans. Cover and bake 25
  minutes. Stir in apple. Cover and bake 10 minutes longer. Meanwhile,
  in small saucepan mix flour with cinnamon. Blend with 1 tablespoon of
  cold water. Stir in hot pan liquid.  Cook and stir until mixture
  boils and thickens slightly. Serve with chicken and vegetables. ----
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 461750 -- BRUNSWICK  STEW
 Categories: D, I, A, B, E
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 oz Chicken breast
      3 oz Ground chuck, cooked
     12 oz Tomato juice
    1/2 sm Onion or dehydrated
      1 c  Water
      1 pk Beef bouillon
    1/2 ts Red pepper
    1/8 c  Vinegar
 
  Skin chicken and boil until tender.  Broil beef until brown. Debone,
  chop, and blend chicken in blender. Cook tomato juice, water, and
  onion slowly (30 minutes). Add bouillon, pepper, meat, and vinegar.
  Add salt and pepper to taste. Cook very slow in heavy pot until thick.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 461930 DIABETIC EASTER FUDGE
 Categories: Low-cal, Chocolate, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Sq  unsweetened chocolate
    1/4 c  Evaporated milk
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      1 ts Artificial liquid sweetener
      1 pk Vanilla or chocolate
           -artificially sweetened
           -pudding powder
           (or 8 tsp. finely chopped
           Nuts)
 
  Melt chocolate in top of double boiler over boiling water. Add
  evaporated milk and mix.  Cook 2-3 minutes, then add vanilla and
  sweetener. Spread on small foil pie pan or plate.  Chill.  Cut into 8
  pieces. Form into egg shaped balls and then roll lightly in pudding
  powder or chopped nuts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 461951 DIABETIC FUDGE
 Categories: Low-cal, Chocolate, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Env gelatin
    1/4 c  Water
      1    Sq  unsweetened chocolate
    1/8 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 ts Liquid food sweetener
    1/4 c  Water
    1/2 c  Evaporated milk
    1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/4 c  Chopped nuts
 
  Soften gelatin in 1/4 cup water for 5 minutes.  Melt chocolate with
  cinnamon and sweetener; add milk and water slowly. Add gelatin. Stir
  until dissolved. Remove from fire. Add vanilla, cool. When mixture
  begins to thicken, add nuts.  Turn into cold pan. When firm cut into
  pieces.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 462365 DIABETIC FUDGE
 Categories: Low-cal, Chocolate, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Stick oleo
      2 oz Chocolate
      1 tb Liquid sweetener plus 1/2
           -tsp. vanilla
      1    (8 oz.) cream cheese,
           -softened
    1/2 c  Nuts, chopped
 
  Melt oleo over low heat.  Add chocolate.  Melt and add liquid
  sweetener plus 1/2 teaspoon vanilla.  Remove from heat and put into a
  blender for a short spin. Remove from blender and add softened cream
  cheese. Now add nuts.  Put into a buttered pan and place in
  refrigerator. Will keep one week in refrigerator.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 489222 CHOCOLATE COVERED MARSHMALLOW EGGS
 Categories: Snacks, Chocolate
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Flour
           -hard boiled egg
      2    Env unflavored gelatin (4
           -tsp.)
      1 tb Cold water
      1 c  Boiling water
      2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      1    Box vanilla wafers
      2    (8 oz.) chocolate bars & 1/2
           -stick paraffin
           -<OR>- dipping chocolate
 
  Fill four 9 x 13 inch pans with flour and use the egg to make egg
  impressions in the flour.  Dissolve gelatin in cold water (to soften)
  then stir in boiling water. Add 2 cups sugar and vanilla; whisk until
  soft peaks form.  Spoon immediately into egg impressions and lay a
  vanilla wafer on top (curved side down). Let set. Melt chocolate and
  wax. Shake flour from marshmallow egg and dip in chocolate. Lay on
  waxed paper. Allow to set. Decorate with colored frosting if desired.
  Barry Weinstein
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 494046 CAJUN BLACKENED SPICE MIX & BLACKENE
 Categories: Spice mix, Seafood
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 tb Paprika
  2 1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Onion powder
      1 ts Garlic powder
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
    3/4 ts White pepper
    3/4 ts Black pepper
    1/2 ts Thyme
    1/2 ts Oregano
    1/4 ts Sage
           -White fish fillets
           -Vegetable oil
 
  Mix all spices together and store in a tight jar. Heat 1 tablespoon
  vegetable oil in cast iron skillet on medium high heat until very
  hot, but not quite smoking. Rinse fish fillets and pat dry with paper
  towel. Rub a little oil on both sides of the fish and sprinkle spice
  mix on both sides (generously, if you like it hot). Sear the fish in
  the hot oil for about 1 minute.  Flip it and cook the other side. If
  the fillets are thick, you may need to lower the heat and cover to
  fully cook the fish. Serve with lemon wedges.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 498781 SAGANAKI (GREEK FLAMING CHEESE)
 Categories: Greek, Cheese, Appetizers, Resort
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Mozzarella cheese
      2 tb Butter, melted
      2 tb Brandy
    1/2    Lemon
 
  Heat oven to broil.  Have serving tray ready with crackers, lemon and
  brandy.  Cut cheese into 3 wedges; arrange in star shape in a pie pan
  or shallow quiche pan suitable for broiling and serving. Pour melted
  butter over cheese.  Broil 4 to 6 inches from heat until cheese is
  bubbly and light brown.  Add to serving tray and take to guests. Pour
  slightly warmed brandy over cheese and ignite immediately, in front
  of guests. Squeeze lemon juice over cheese to extinguish flame. Serve
  at once with firm crackers, toasted pita bread or crusty French bread
  slices.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 498795 AUNT CATHERINE'S ITALIAN COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Italian
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Flour
      6 oz Cream
      3    Eggs
      1 c  Crisco
      2 tb Almond extract
      1 tb Cinnamon
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      6 oz Milk
      1    Stick oleo
      3 tb Baking powder
      1 c  Nuts, chopped
           ICING:--
      1    Box powdered sugar
      1    Stick of Butter or oleo
           -Food coloring
 
  Cream oleo, Crisco and sugar.  Add eggs, almond extract, cinnamon,
  cream and milk.  Mix in nuts and baking powder and flour. Roll small
  balls into long rolls, then kind of flatten it. Slice in 1/2 inch
  pieces. Put on cookie sheet.  Bake until done at 350 degrees.
  
  Mix melted butter and powdered sugar.  Put in small containers and add
  different food colorings.  Spread on cooled cookies and let harden.
  Then put in canned containers. Can store for months.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 49ER CHRISTMAS BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Sourdough
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
           -Diana Lewis-VGWN37A
      2 c  Starter
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Milk
      2    Eggs;beaten
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Currants;or raisins
    1/2 ts Mace
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      5 c  Flour
 
  add salt, sugar, milk, eggs, melted butter, currants and spices to the
  culture and mix well. Add the flour a cup a a time until too stiff to
  mix by hand. Then turn onto a floured board and knead in remaining
  flour Divide in half form two loaves place in greased loaf pan and
  let rise 1-1/2 to 3 hours til the dough rises 1 to 2 inches above lip
  of pan. bake in preheated oven 400 for 55 to 60 minutes cool on racks.
  
  Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.00
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 4TH GRADERS CRANBERRY BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
 
  2 cups Flour 1 Cup Sugar 1 1/2 Teaspoons Baking Powder 1 Teaspoon
  Salt 3/4 Cup Margarine, melted 1 Egg, beaten 1 Teaspoon Orange Peel,
  grated 3/4 Cup Cranberry Juice 1 1/2 Cups Raisins 1 1/2 Cups
  Cranberries -- fresh, pulped
  
  Blend all ingredients. Mixture will be lumpy. Pour into a greased
  loaf pan. Bake in a pre-heated 350 oven for 1 hour, 15 minutes, or
  until lightly browned on top. - Mrs. Estudillo's 4th Grade class
  Flowery School, Sonoma, CA 1988
  
  From: Dan Klepach
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 5 BEAN SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
    1/3 c  EDEN Brown Rice Vinegar
           -OR- Eden Red Wine Vinegar
    1/2 c  EDEN Extra Virgin Olive Oil
    1/4 c  EDEN BarleY Malt
    1/3 c  EDEN Shoyu
     15 oz Can EDEN Pinto Beans
           -- drained
     15 oz Can EDEN Black Kidney Beans
           -- drained
     15 oz Can EDEN Navy Beans
           -- drained
     15 oz Can EDEN Garbanzo Beans
           -- drained
      1    Cucumber; peeled
           -- cut in lengthwise strips
           -- and sliced
     10 sm Red radishes
           -- cut in half and sliced
      2    Stalks of celery; sliced
      1 bn Green onions
           -- sliced diagonally
      1 md Green pepper; diced
    1/2 md Bunch fresh parsley
           -- chopped fine

MMMMM--------------------------OPTIONAL-------------------------------
           Oregano, thyme, basil, mint
 
  Prepare a marinade of vinegar, olive oil, barley malt, and shoyu by
  pouring ingredients into ajar and shaking vigorously or mixing in a
  blender. Mix thoroughly with vegetables, beans and herbs. Marinate in
  refrigerator for 4 hours or longer. desired and serve chilled.
  
  Prep Time: 15 minutes Yield: 9 servings
  
  Per serving: 360 Calories; 13g Fat (31% calories from fat); 16g
  Protein; 47g Carbohydrate; 0mg Cholesterol; 656mg Sodium
  
  Copyright 1994 Eden Foods, Inc. <Electronic Format courtesy of Karen
  Mintzias>
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 5 BEAN SOUP
 Categories: Vegetables, Microwave, Soups/stews
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Pinto beans
      1 c  Navy beans
      1 c  Black eyed peas
     10 c  Water
      1 c  Chicken bouillon
      1 c  Diced onion
      1 ea 16-oz can cut tomatoes
    3/4 ts Thyme
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 c  Red beans
      1 c  Northern beans
      2 ea Whole bay leaves
      2 lb Meaty ham bones
  1 1/2 c  Smoked ham
      1 tb Chili powder
    1/4 ts Worcestershire sauce
      1 md Grated carrot
 
       Place beans into 4 quart kettle, cover with 2 inches of water
     and allow to soak overnight. Drain water then add ham bones,
     water and bay leaves. Simmer covered for 2 hours. Remove ham
     bones and return any meat to kettle. Add bouillon, onions,
     chili and garlic powder, thyme, pepper, tomatoes, carrot and
     worcestershire sauce. Cover and simmer for 1 hour. Add water as
     needed. Serve with hot cornbread.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 5 SPICE TAMALES
 Categories: Mcdougall, Main dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      1 lb Tofu, crumbled
      2 ts Chinese 5 spice powder
    1/4 ts Cayenne pepper
      2 tb Onion, dried
    1/4 c  Bell Pepper, chopped
      4 ts Mustard, prepared
      1 tb Soy sauce
 
   Combine filling ingredients in a mixing bowl Fill and cook tamales
  according to "Tamales: Basic Procedure" *** Vegetarian Gormet - Summer
  1993, Don Matesz
  
   ****Hint Make your own Chinese 5 spice blend by mixing equal anounts
  of Star anise, Szechuan pepper, cloves, cinnamon, and fennel seed.
  Grind spices into a powder with amortar and pestle or a coffee
  grinder.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 5-BEANS CASSEROLE
 Categories: Prodigy, Dec.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn Garbanzo beans
      1 cn Lentils
      1 cn Great northern whites
      1 cn Pinto beans
      1 cn Kidney beans
      1 pk Lipton's French Onion soup
      2    Generous Tbsp Kozlowski
           Farms South of the Border no
           Fat Dressing.
      3 tb Hain's honey barbeque sauce
 
  Heat all the ingredients.  Simply wonderful.
  
  Posted by Muriel Kranowski <DOC@VTVM1.CC.VT.EDU> to Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 13 Issue 17] Dec. 17, 1994.
  
  FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used
  with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 5-SPICE CHICKEN
 Categories: Chicken, Chinese, Grill
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  White wine
      1 c  Teriyaki
      1 ts Chinese 5 spice seasoning
      1 ts Garlic powder
      2 lb Chicken pieces
 
  MIX FIRST 4 INGREDIENTS AND POUR OVER CHICKEN PLACED IN A LARGE PAN.
  MARINATE, ROTATING PIECES HOURLY FOR THREE HOURS.
  PLACE ON GRILL UNTIL DONE, BASTING WITH MARINADE AS NEEDED.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 500 FAT-FREE RECIPES
 Categories: Digest, Dec., Text, Reference
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           None
 
  On Thu, 15 Dec 1994 15:06:08 -0500 tkreider@census.gov wrote: >
  Several people have asked for Author/Publisher/ISBN info for the >
  "500 fatfree recipes" book.  I will check tonight and post.
  
  Schlesinger, Sarah. 500 Fat-Free Recipes, A Complete Guide to
  Reducing the Fat in Your Diet: 500 recipes from soup to dessert
  containing one gram of fat or less. 1994. Villard Books. ISBN:
  0-679-41589. (OVO-LACTO)
  
  Ornish-based cookbook.  All recipes have less than one gram of fat per
  serving.  No high-fat ingredients whatsoever. Heavy on egg whites and
  skimmed milk products. Almost vegetarian, does call for defatted
  chicken stock in many recipes. Very comprehensive, includes
  breakfast, lunch, snacks, and drinks. 500 recipes.
  
  * full list available via ftp as
  ftp.rahul.net:/pub/artemis/fatfree/FAQ/book.list.veg
  
  or via email-server, send following message:
  
  To: ba-fatfree-request@hustle.rahul.net Sujbect: archive Body of
  message: get FAQ/book.list.veg
  
  Posted by Michelle Dick <artemis> to Fatfree Digest [Volume 13 Issue
  16] Dec. 16, 1994.
  
  FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used
  with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 521167 FROZEN CHOCOLATE BANANAS
 Categories: Desserts, Chocolate
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Chopped peanuts
           Milk chocolate pieces or
           -semi-sweet chocolate pieces
           Bananas
 
  1. Chop peanuts in bowl.  Put a piece of waxed paper on a plate. 2.
  Melt chocolate, stir until chocolate melts. Remove from heat. 3. Peel
  banana. Cut banana in half. Push a wooden stick into end of each
  banana half (popsicle sticks will work). 4. Dip or spread chocolate
  on all sides of banana halves.  Roll in peanuts to coat. 5. Put
  bananas on waxed paper. Freeze until hard. If you want to save for
  another day, wrap in plastic wrap.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 521956 CHOCOLATE PLUNGE FOR FRESH FRUIT
 Categories: Sauces, Chocolate
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Karo light or dark corn
           -syrup
    1/2 c  Heavy or whipping cream
      1 pk (8 oz.) Baker's semi sweet
           -chocolate or 2 pkgs. (4 oz.
           -each) Baker's
           -German sweet chocolate
 
  In medium saucepan stir corn syrup and cream.  Bring to boil over
  medium heat.  Remove from heat.  Add chocolate, stir until completely
  melted. Serve warm as a dip for fruit. Makes 1 1/2 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 5338 CAJUN CHICKEN WINGS
 Categories: Cajun, Appetizers, Chicken
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     12    Chicken wings, tips removed
      5    Bay leaves, crumbled into
           -small bits
    3/4 ts Caraway seeds
    1/2    To 3/4 tsp. cayenne pepper
    3/4 ts Ground cumin
    3/4 ts Ground coriander
      4    Garlic cloves, finely
           -chopped
  1 1/2 ts Dry mustard
      2 ts Paprika, preferably
           -hungarian
    3/4 ts Dried thyme leaves
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Brandy
      2 tb Fresh lemon or lime juice
 
  Defat the chicken wings by cooking them in boiling water for 10
  minutes. Drain and set aside to cool. Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
  Using a large mortar and pestle, grind together the bay leaf bits,
  caraway seeds, cayenne pepper, coriander, cumin, garlic, mustard,
  paprika, thyme and salt for about 10 minutes. Add the brandy and
  lemon or lime juice to the pulverized herbs and stir into a thick
  paste. With a pastry brush, cover both sides of each wing with the
  herb paste. When no more remains in the mortar, squeeze the last few
  drops from the brush. Arrange the chicken wings on a baking sheet.
  Bake until the skin turns deep brown and is quite crisp approximately
  30 minutes. Takes about an hour to prepare.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 564482 CHIMICHANGAS
 Categories: Southwest, Tex-mex
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Bacon grease
      2 c  Chopped or shredded cooked
           -beef, pork or chicken
      1 md Onion, diced
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      2 md Tomatoes, chopped
      2 cn (4 oz. each) chopped green
           -chilies
      1 lg Peeled boiled potato, diced
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Dried oregano
      1    To 2 tsp. chili powder or to
           -taste
      2 tb Minced fresh cilantro
     12 lg Flour tortillas, warmed
           -Vegetable oil
           -Shredded Cheddar cheese
           -Sour cream
           -Guacamole
           -Salsa
           -Shredded lettuce
           -Chopped tomatoes
           -Sliced ripe olives
 
  In a skillet, melt bacon grease over medium heat. Saute meat, onion,
  garlic tomatoes, chilies and potatoes until the onion softens. Add
  salt, oregano, chili powder and cilantro; simmer 2-3 minutes. Place a
  scant 1/2 cup meat filling on each tortilla. Fold, envelope-style,
  like a burrito. Fry seam side down, in 1/2 inch of hot oil (360-375
  degrees) until crispy and brown. Turn and brown other side. Drain
  briefly on a paper towel. Place on a serving plate and top with
  shredded cheese, a dollop of sour cream, guacamole and salsa. Place
  shredded lettuce next to chimichanga and top with tomatoes and
  olives. Serve immediately. Yield: 12 servings. Though still debated.
  Tuscon is generally credited as the original home of the chimichanga
  (a fried "burro", as we call them, stuffed with meat, onions and
  chilies).  I've combined several recipes into this one, and it's
  fairly authentic.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 565261 CARNITAS DI AMIGOS
 Categories: Tex-mex, Main dish, Pork
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Pork tenderloin
           -cut into medallions
      2 c  Karo syrup
      2 c  Chili sauce
      2 c  Chicken stock
      1 c  Sliced mushrooms
      1 c  Soy sauce
      1 c  Pineapple juice
      1 c  White wine
      2 oz Tabasco sauce
           -Garlic powder
           -Black pepper
           -Seasoned flour
      1 bn Chopped scallions
 
  1. Marinate:  Combine equal amounts of soy sauce, pineapple juice and
  white wine.  2. Place pork medallions in marinate for one hour. 3.
  Combine equal amounts of Karo syrup, chili sauce and chicken stock in
  saucepan and bring to a boil.  Reduce to simmer for 1/2 hour until it
  comes to a glaze. Season with Tabasco sauce, black pepper, garlic
  powder to taste. 4. Dredge marinated pork medallion in seasoned
  flour. 5. Heat soy bean oil in skillet, saute dredged pork medallions
  in oil for 2 minutes on one side, turn, add sliced mushrooms and
  saute for 3 minutes. 6. Drain oil, add glaze, simmer for 2 minutes.
  7. Serve over rice and garnish with chopped scallions.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 565645 BABOTI
 Categories: Casserole
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 ts Curry powder
      1 ts Ground ginger
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
      2 ts Sugar
      1 ts Turmeric
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Pepper
      5 sm Onions, coarsely cut
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Apricot jam
      1    Handful raisins
      2 tb Chutney
      1 tb Worcestershire
      1    Tomato, cut up
      4 sl Bread
      2 lb Ground beef
      1    Egg
    3/4 c  Milk
 
  1.  Warm a heavy pot.  Put in first 8 ingredients, warm thoroughly. 2.
  Remove from heat and add next 6 ingredients. Return to low heat and
  mix until bubbly. 3. Dampen and dice bread. Add to mixture and stir
  well. 4. Add ground beef and cook for 15 minutes. 5. Fill a shallow
  greased casserole dish with Baboti mixture. 6. Beat egg with milk.
  Add salt and pepper to taste. Pour over Baboti mixture. 7. Bake at
  350 degrees for 45 minutes (until custard is golden). 8. Serve with
  yellow rice and salad.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 567055 POOR MAN'S PEROGI
 Categories: Casserole
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      5 lb Potatoes, peeled & cubed
      2    Onions, chopped
      3    Sticks butter
     20 sl Velveeta cheese
      9    Lasagna noodles
 
  Cook potatoes and drain.  Cook noodles and drain. Saute butter and
  onions and add to potato.  Mash the potatoes. Add little butter and
  onion mixture while mashing potatoes. Once mashed, layer like
  lasagna. Pour excess butter and onion over top.  Layer with tich of
  milk. Bake 20 minutes at 325 degrees.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 57 CHEVY
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, Mixed drink
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Part southern comfort
      1    Part grand marnier
      1    Part vodka
      1    Part pineapple juice
 
  Serve in a Highball Glass
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 57 SAUCE
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Dark raisins
    1/2 c  Chopped dates
    1/2 c  Vinegar
    1/2 c  Spaghetti sauce mix
  1 1/2 ts Chili powder
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Apple juice
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Garlic salt
      1 ts Dried minced onion
    1/2 c  Water
 
  Combine first 4 ingredients in small saucepan and cover. Simmer for 10
  minutes.  Remove and let stand for 30 minutes. Blend thoroughly and
  set aside. Bring vinegar to a boil. Remove from heat, stir in
  spaghetti sauce, mix powder until smooth.  Add remaining ingredients
  and the raisin/date misture. Put through blender again. Measure and
  add half as much water. Measure again and add 1/4 as much in sugar
  and 1/2 as much in vinegar, adding vinegar a spoonful at a time,
  tasting until the flavor is suitable.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 573762 PASTICHIO  (GREEK  LASAGNA)
 Categories: Greek, Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Ziti
      1 lb Chopped meat
    3/4 lb Feta cheese, crumbled
      2 ts Grated Parmesan cheese
      6    Eggs, beaten
  1 1/2    Sticks butter or margarine
      2    Heaping tbsp. cream cheese
      2 tb Tomato paste
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
 
  Par-boil ziti then drain.  Meanwhile, brown chopped meat with 1/2
  stick butter and tomato paste.  Add salt and pepper. Add remaining
  ingredients (except eggs) and let mixture cool completely. Then add
  eggs. Grease a 13x9 inch pan and pour mixture (with ziti) into pan.
  Bake at 350 degrees for 60 minutes or until lightly browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 578301 VAGUELY MIDDLE EASTERN VEGETARIAN STUF
 Categories: Ethnic, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           -FILLING:--
      1 c  Basmati rice
    1/4 ts Turmeric
      1 c  Lentils
    3/4 c  Raisins (may use currants,
           -raisins, or apricots)
    3/4 c  Toasted almonds, coarsely
           -chopped
      1 lg Onion, diced
      1 lg Green or red bell pepper,
           -diced
      2    Cloves garlic, minced
      2 lg Eggs, beaten
    1/4 c  Extra virgin olive oil
      1 lg Cabbage
           --SAUCE:--
      3    (28 oz.) cans tomatoes
      4 ts Dried basil
      2 ts Ground cinnamon
           -Salt and pepper to taste
 
  Bring 2 cups of water to boil, adding the rice and turmeric. Return
  to a boil, cover and simmer for 25 minutes. Cook the lentils in 3
  cups of boiling water until soft. Saute the onion, pepper, and garlic
  in olive oil. In a large bowl, combine the sauteed vegetables, rice,
  lentils, almonds and raisins.  Fill each cabbage leaf with about 1/2
  to 3/4 cup filling, beginning at the thick end of the leaf. Begin to
  fold this over, folding the edges in as you go to make a neat roll.
  Place the rolls in one or two casseroles, covering with the sauce. To
  prepare the sauce, combine the tomatoes, vinegar, basil and cinnamon
  in a large saucepan. Adjust the cinnamon/basil mix until it's hard to
  taste either seasoning alone, and then add the salt and pepper.
  Simmer for 10 minutes. Bake the cabbage rolls covered at 350 degrees,
  45-60 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 583946 SNICKERS  BAR  PIE
 Categories: D, E, S, S, E
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    (10 inch) pie shell, baked
      4 c  Milk
      1 c  Cool Whip
      2    (3 3/4 oz.) boxes instant
           Vanilla
           Pudding
      3    (3 3/4 oz.) boxes instant
           Chocolate
           Pudding
      3    Snickers bars, cut into 1/2
           Inch
           Pieces
           Cool Whip and peanuts for
           Garnish
 
  Preparation : Combine 1 1/2 cups milk, vanilla pudding and 1/2 cup
  Cool Whip. Beat until very smooth. Fold in candy bar chunks. Spread
  in baked pie shell.  Combine remaining milk, Cool Whip, and chocolate
  pudding. Beat until smooth. Spread on top of vanilla layer. Garnish.
  Refrigerate. Mars, Babe Ruth, 3 Musketeers, or your favorite candy
  bar may be used!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 594219 CAJUN CHOPS
 Categories: Cajun, Pork
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Boneless pork chops, cut 1/2
           -inch thick
      1 tb Paprika (Hungarian is Best)
      1 ts Seasoned salt
      1 ts Rubbed sage
    1/2 ts Cayenne pepper
    1/2 ts Black pepper
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
      2 tb Butter
 
  Trim fat from chops as needed, pat dry.  Combine seasonings; coat
  chops with seasoning mixture on both sides. Heat butter over high
  heat just until it starts to brown. Put chops in pan, reduce heat to
  medium. Fry on both sides until dark brown, about 10-12 minutes.
  Makes 4 servings. Calories per serving: 238.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 6 LAYER TOFFEE TORTE
 Categories: Chocolate, Tarts, Tortes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 2/3 c  Flour
      2 lg Eggs
      2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Coffee -- hot
      1 c  Margarine or butter -- soft
  1 3/8 oz Heath bars
      1 c  Buttermilk
      2 c  Whipping cream
    3/4 c  Cocoa
      3 tb Brown sugar
      2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Coffee instant
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
      1 ts Water -- hot
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Preheat oven to 350~. Grease and flour 3, 8 inch cake pans. In large
  bowl, combine flour, sugar, margarine, buttermilk, cocoa, baking
  soda, vanilla, salt and eggs. With mixer on low, beat just until
  mixed, scraping sides with spatula. Add coffee to bowl. Increase
  speed to medium; beat 2 minutes. Pour batter into pans. Bake 25-30
  minutes. Cool cake in pans on racks, 10 minutes. Remove from pans and
  cool completely. While cake is cooling, chop Heath bars. Reserve 2/3
  of theheath bar. In a cup, dissolve 1/2 tsp instant coffee with 1 tsp
  hot water. Cool. With serrated knife, cut each cake in two, making 6
  thin layers. In a bowl, beat whipping cream, brown sugar and cooled 1
  tsp of coffee until stiff peaks form. To assemble cake, place 1 layer
  on plate; spread with 1/2 cup whipped cream. Sprinkle with 1/5 of the
  remaining Heath bar. Repeat layers 4 more times. Top with last layer
  of cake. Thinly spread whipped cream over top and sides of cake.
  Gently press reserved 2/3 of the Heaths onto top and sides of cake.
  Refrigerate until ready to serve.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 60 MINUTE MINI-LOAVES
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      3 c  FLOUR
      1 tb SUGAR
      1 ts SALT
      1 pk YEAST RAPID-RISE
    3/4 c  WATER
    1/2 c  MILK
      2 tb BUTTER
 
  SET ASIDE 1 C FLOUR. IN A LARGE BOWL MIX ALL DRY INGREDIENTS. HEAT
  WATER MILK AND BUTTER TO 125 DEG F. STIR LIQUID INTO DRY MIX - ADD
  ENOUGH FLOUR TO MAKE SOFT DOUGH. KNEAD FOR ABOUT 4 MINUTES. DIVIDE IN
  HALF AND PLACE IN 5 X 8 GREASED PANS. PLACE PANS IN A LARGE SHALLOW
  PAN FILLED HALF FULL OF HOT TAP WATER. LET RISE FOR 15 MINUTES. PLACE
  IN 400 DEG F. OVEN FOR ABOUT 20 MINUTES COOL ON WIRE RACK. BAKE AT
      400    DEG F. FOR 20 MINUTES.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 60 SECOND CHOCOLATE MOUSSE
 Categories: Mousses, Chocolate
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Chocolate chips
      1 c  Heavy cream
      1    Egg
           Whipped cream
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Place chocolate; egg, and flavoring in blender and chop. Heat cream
  until small bubbles appear at edge. Do not boil. With machine
  running, pour in hot cream. Blend until chocolateis melted and
  mixture is smooth. Pour into dessert dishes and cover with plastic
  and chill. Serve with whipped cream dollops.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 600271 BILLERICA HAYSTACKS
 Categories: Chili, Appetizers, Snacks
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Onion, chopped
      1    Bell pepper, chopped
      3 tb Vegetable oil
      2    3 cloves garlic, minced
      1 lb Ground beef chuck
      1 lb Ground pork
      3    4 tbsp. chili powder
      1 tb Ground cumin
      1    (28 oz.) can tomatoes,
           -chopped, with juice
      1 c  Canned beef broth
      1    Bay leaf
    3/4 ts Cayenne
      1 ts Tabasco
    1/2 ts Oregano
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Freshly ground pepper
      1 oz Grated semi-sweet chocolate
           -Pinch of cinnamon
           -HAYSTACKS:
      1    Bag Fritos
           Chopped mild onion
           Chopped green, red or
           -yellow bell pepper
           Chopped ripe tomato
           Chopped cabbage or lettuce
           Chopped canned jalapenos
           Scallions
           Grated sharp cheddar
           -cheese
           Sliced black or green
           -olives
           Sour cream
 
  In a kettle cook the onion and bell pepper until softened, about 4
  minutes. Add the garlic and cook another minute. In a large skillet
  brown the meat over high heat and transfer when done to the kettle.
  Add chili powder and cumin and cook the mixture, stirring, for about
  a minute. Add tomatoes, broth, bay leaf, cayenne, Tabasco, oregano,
  salt and pepper and bring to a boil.  Lower heat and allow to simmer
  slowly for 2 hours. Or, put chili into slow cooker for several hours.
  Stir in the chocolate and cinnamon and adjust seasonings. Place bowls
  of each of the above accompaniments on the table so diners can
  prepare their own Haystacks. A layer of Fritos is placed on the plate
  or bowl first; then some chili, and whichever accompaniments appeal
  to the diner. May be topped with sour cream. From: Mary Riemerman
                  Date: Wed, 03-0
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 600366 THE BEST "GREEK CHICKEN" IN THE WORLD
 Categories: Greek, Chicken
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 md Whole chickens
      8    Idaho baking potatoes
    1/2 c  Olive oil
      3    Lemons, cut into wedges
           -Salt and pepper
           -Fresh oregano (generous
           -amount)
      1    Stick butter
 
  Place scrubbed potatoes with skins in oven at 375 degrees. Bake for 45
  minutes or until done.  After potatoes are baked, slice them 1 1/2
  inches thick. Place sliced potatoes around freshly cleaned chickens
  in a large baking pan.  Sprinkle chickens and potatoes with olive
  oil, salt and pepper, fresh oregano, and lemon juice. Place chunks of
  butter inside chickens and onto potatoes. Also place a lemon wedge
  freshly squeezed inside each chicken.  Place inside oven at 325
  degrees. Baste chicken and potatoes with juices from the pan for
  added moisture. Chickens will be done when skins are crispy brown and
  legs lift easily from the joint. Serve the meal with fresh Greek
  bread, slightly toasted, to dip into the juices.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 617628 MOUSSAKE  (GREEK)
 Categories: Greek, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 md Eggplants
    1/2 lb Ground beef
      1 c  Chopped onion
    1/4 c  Burgundy wine
    1/4 c  Water
      2 tb Parsley flakes
      3 tb Tomato paste
      1 ts Salt
           -Dash pepper
    1/4 c  Bread crumbs
      2    Beaten eggs
    1/4 c  Grated sharp American
           -cheese
           -Dash cinnamon
    1/4 c  Bread crumbs
      3 tb Butter or margarine
      3 tb Flour
  1 1/2 c  Milk
    1/2 ts Salt
           -Dash pepper
           -Dash nutmeg
      1    Beaten egg
    1/4 c  Shredded sharp American
           -cheese
 
  Oven temperature - 350 degrees.  Pare eggplants; cut into slices 1/4
  inch thick. Sprinkle with a little salt and set aside. In skillet,
  brown meat and onion; drain off fat. Add wine, water, parsley, tomato
  paste and 1 teaspoon salt and dash pepper.  Simmer until liquid is
  nearly absorbed. Cool.  Stir in 1/4 cup bread crumbs and 2 beaten
  eggs, the first 1/4 cup cheese and cinnamon.  In sauce pan melt
  butter, stir in flour and milk and stir until thickened. Add a little
  of the hot sauce to the one beaten egg; return to hot mixture. Cook
  over low heat 2 minutes, stirring constantly. Brown eggplant slices
  on both sides in a little hot oil. Sprinkle bottom of 12 x 7 1/2 x 2
  inch baking dish with remaining bread crumbs. Cover with layer of
  eggplant slices; spoon on all meat mixture. Arrange remaining
  eggplant over meat.  Pour milk-egg sauce over top with remaining 1/4
  cup shredded cheese. Bake in over for about 45 minutes. Serve hot with
  spaghetti sauce and Greek salad.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 631448 PORK TENDERLOIN DIANE
 Categories: Pork
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      1 lb Pork tenderloin, cut
           -crosswise into 8 pieces
      2 ts Lemon pepper
      2 tb Butter
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Worcestershire sauce
      1 ts Dijon-style mustard
      1 tb Finely chopped chives or
           -parsley
           -Whole chives for garnish
 
  Press each tenderloin piece into 1 inch thick medallion; sprinkle
  surfaces with lemon pepper.  Melt butter in large heavy skillet over
  medium heat. Add medallions; cook 3 to 4 minutes on each side. Remove
  pork to serving platter; keep warm.  Stir lemon juice, Worcestershire
  sauce and mustard into pan juices in skillet. Cook, stirring, until
  heated through. Pour sauce over medallions; sprinkle with chopped
  chives. Garnish with whole chives.  Serve with vegetables. Makes 5
  servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 638504 MAUREEN'S BEEF CURRY
 Categories: Beef, Curry
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 lb Stew or fondue beef, cut
           -into 1" cubes
      2 tb Curry powder
      1 oz Unsweetened chocolate
    1/4 c  Molasses
    1/4 c  Tomato sauce
      1 qt (or more) orange juice
           -Salt & pepper to taste
      3 tb Oil
 
  Brown stew meat in oil.  When meat is lightly browned add curry and
  continue browning.  Add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil.
  Simmer about 1 hour, continuing to add juice (water or orange juice)
  as needed. A pressure cooker or crock pot can be used to hasten
  cooking. Serve with rice and mixed vegetables or chutney.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 651500 SPANISH ROAST
 Categories: Spanish, Beef, Chocolate
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 lb Roast
           -Flour
      2 tb Oil
      1 lg Onion, sliced thin into
           -rings
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Black pepper
      2    Whole cloves
      1 tb Vinegar
      1    Whole bay leaf
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2 tb Catsup
      2 c  Water
      2 oz Semi-sweet baking
           -chocolate, grated
 
  Flour roast.  Brown in oil on all sides.  Remove roast from pan and
  set aside. Put onion rings into pot (Dutch oven). Add salt and
  pepper. Put roast on top of onion rings, add cloves, vinegar, bay
  leaf, cinnamon, catsup and water.  Put lid on pot.  Let come to a
  boil and simmer about 2 1/2 hours or until roast is tender. Add
  grated chocolate and stir around roast.  Let cook another 15 minutes.
  Remove cloves and bay leaf.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 68039 NOSEBAGS
 Categories: Sandwiches, Velveeta
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 cn Spam
    1/2 lb Velveeta cheese
      1 sm Onion
      1 sm Green pepper
      3 tb Evaporated milk
      3 tb Sweet pickle relish
      3 tb Ketchup
      6 ea Sandwich buns
 
  Grind finely together through meat grinder or food processor the Spam,
  cheese, onion and green pepper. Add milk, relish and ketchup to
  meat/cheese mixture. Blend thoroughly. Fill sandwich buns with
  mixture. Wrap each sandwich in aluminum foil and heat at 325 degrees
  for 30 minutes. Or wrap each sandwich in microwave-proof paper and
  heat each sandwich on high for 1 minute.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 695315 STUFFED MANICOTTI
 Categories: Italian, Pastanoodle
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    (8 oz.) pkg. manicotti
      1    (10 oz.) pkg. frozen
           -chopped spinach (thawed and
           -drained)
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
      2 tb Instant chicken bouillon
      1 lg Clove garlic, minced
    1/4 ts Thyme
      2 c  Ricotta cheese (or sm. curd
           -cottage cheese)
      2    Eggs, beaten
    1/2 c  Grated Parmesan cheese
    1/2 ts Oregano
      6 oz Fresh mushrooms, sliced and
           -sauteed
      1    (15 oz.) can tomato sauce
           -Shredded Mozzarella cheese
           -ALTERNATE MEAT FILLING:
  1 1/2 lb Ground beef
      1    Egg, beaten
    1/2 lb Mozzarella cheese, diced
      3 sl Moist bread, torn into sm.
           -pieces
    1/2 c  Milk
      1 lg Clove garlic, minced
    1/4 ts Thyme
    1/2 ts Oregano
 
  Cook manicotti; drain.  Mix onion, spinach, bouillon, garlic, thyme,
  Ricotta, eggs, Parmesan cheese, oregano and 1/2 the mushrooms. Fill
  manicotti shells with spinach mixture. Arrange in greased 9x13 baking
  dish. Pour tomato sauce and remaining mushrooms over manicotti.
  Sprinkle with oregano; cover with Mozzarella. Cover and cook at 350
  degrees until hot and bubbly, about 25 minutes. ALTERNATE FILLING
  Brown meat in skillet; drain. Mix with all other ingredients. Stuff
  manicotti with meat mixture. Proceed as in first recipe.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7  LAYER  COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2    Stick butter
  1 1/2 c  Graham cracker crumbs
      1 cn Eagle Brand milk
      6 oz Chocolate chips
      6 oz Butterscotch chips
      6 oz Coconut
      6 oz Nuts -- chopped
 
  Melt butter in bottom of 9 x 13 inch cake pan.  Press graham cracker
  crumbs into pan.  Pour can of Eagle Brand milk over graham cracker
  crumbs.
   Sprinkle chocolate chips and butterscotch chips and nuts over
  mixture. Sprinkle coconut on top.  Bake at 350
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7  LAYER  SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Head lettuce
      1 c  Celery -- diced
    1/2    To 1 c. onion -- diced
      1 cn Peas -- well drained
      4    To 5 tbsp. sugar
      1 c  Mayonnaise (Hellmann's)
      1 c  Grated Parmesan cheese (or
           Canned)
      5    To 6 slices crisp bacon --
           Crumbled
 
  Mix sugar and mayonnaise together.  Make layer of each ingredient in
  order listed. Top with sprinkles of crumbled bacon. Let set in
  refrigerator 3 to 4 hours. Do not let sit overnight.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 & 7
 Categories: Mixed, Drinks, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 oz Seagram's 7 Blended Whiskey
      6 oz 7-Up (or to fill)
 
  Fill a highball glass with ice cubes. Add whiskey, fill with soda and
  stir. If desired, garnish with a lemon twist or a slice of orange and
  a cherry.
  
  Recipe By     : Joe Robertson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 GRAIN - RICE & VEGETABLE SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Grains
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      1 c  Cooked AM 7 Grain Cereal
           -- cooled
      2 c  AM Brown Wild Rice & Herbs
           -- (Quick), cooked & cooled
     16 oz Canned peas and carrots
           -- drained
    1/2 c  Celery, chopped
    1/2 c  Onion, chopped
    1/2 c  Cucumbers, diced
    1/8 c  Chopped pimientos
    1/2 ts Onion powder
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
           Vegetable seasoning to taste
 
  Toss ingredients together with mayonnaise or salad dressing of choice.
  Chill.  Serve on a bed of alfalfa sprouts.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "7 Grain Cereal Recipes" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 GRAIN - RICE & VEGETABLE SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Grains
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      1 c  Cooked AM 7 Grain Cereal
           -- cooled
      2 c  AM Brown Wild Rice & Herbs
           -- (Quick), cooked & cooled
     16 oz Canned peas and carrots
           -- drained
    1/2 c  Celery, chopped
    1/2 c  Onion, chopped
    1/2 c  Cucumbers, diced
    1/8 c  Chopped pimientos
    1/2 ts Onion powder
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
           Vegetable seasoning to taste
 
  Toss ingredients together with mayonnaise or salad dressing of choice.
  Chill.  Serve on a bed of alfalfa sprouts.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "7 Grain Cereal Recipes" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 GRAIN CORN MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Quick
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      2 c  Cooked AM 7 Grain Cereal
      2 c  Water
      2 tb Maple syrup
      2 tb AM Unrefined Vegetable Oil
      2 ts Sea salt (optional)
    1/4 c  AM Instant Oatmeal
           -- (original)
      2 c  AM Yellow Cornmeal
 
  Mix all ingredients (except for cornmeal) in blender until very
  smooth. Mix in cornmeal with a spoon.  Fill oiled muffin cups 1/2
  full. Bake at 375 F. for 35-45 minutes.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "7 Grain Cereal Recipes" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 GRAIN OATMEAL CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
           - CREAM TOGETHER:
      1 c  AM Canola Oil
      2 c  Maple syrup
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
           - MIX TILL SMOOTH:
      2 c  AM Unbleached White Flour
    3/8 c  AM Soy Flour
    1/2 c  Cold water
    1/2 c  Soy milk
  1 1/2 ts Grated lemon rind
  1 1/2 ts Sea salt (optional)
      3    Egg whites
      2 ts Cinnamon
      2 ts Non-alum baking powder
           - MIX THE ABOVE 2 MIXTURES
           - TOGETHER AND ADD:
      1 c  Cooked AM 7 Grain Cereal
      5 c  AM rolled Oats
    1/2 c  Raisins (optional)
    1/2 c  Chopped nuts
 
  Mix well and fill oiled cake pan 3/4 full.  Bake 350 F. until light
  golden brown.  This is not a very sweet cake. May be served with
  apple butter, honey, etc.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "7 Grain Cereal Recipes" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 GRAIN VEGETABLE & BROWN RICE LOAF
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      2 c  Raw cashew nuts
      1    Box AM Quick Brown Rice
           --(Vegetable & Herb), cooked
      1 c  Cooked AM 7 Grain Cereal
      2 c  Soy milk
      1 lg Onion; chopped
    3/4 c  AM Wheatgerm
      4 tb AM Canola Oil
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 ts Sea salt (optional)
      4 tb Minced parsley
    1/2 ts Thyme
    1/2 ts Ground celery seed
    1/2 ts Ground sage
      1 ts Onion powder
      1 ts Garlic powder
 
  Chop the nuts fine, or run through a food grinder. Add the remaining
  ingredients and mix well.  Place in a baking dish and bake at 350 F.
  uncovered for 1 hour or until done. Serve with favorite gravy.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "7 Grain Cereal Recipes" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 GRAIN VEGETABLE & BROWN RICE LOAF
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      2 c  Raw cashew nuts
      1    Box AM Quick Brown Rice
           --(Vegetable & Herb), cooked
      1 c  Cooked AM 7 Grain Cereal
      2 c  Soy milk
      1 lg Onion; chopped
    3/4 c  AM Wheatgerm
      4 tb AM Canola Oil
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 ts Sea salt (optional)
      4 tb Minced parsley
    1/2 ts Thyme
    1/2 ts Ground celery seed
    1/2 ts Ground sage
      1 ts Onion powder
      1 ts Garlic powder
 
  Chop the nuts fine, or run through a food grinder. Add the remaining
  ingredients and mix well.  Place in a baking dish and bake at 350 F.
  uncovered for 1 hour or until done. Serve with favorite gravy.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "7 Grain Cereal Recipes" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 GRAIN VEGETABLE SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
MMMMM------------------INTO A LARGE KETTLE PUT-----------------------
      2 qt Water

MMMMM-----------------BRING TO A BOIL, THEN ADD----------------------
      1 qt Tomatoes & juice
      1 c  AM 7 Grain Cereal (uncooked)
      1 cn Green beans & juice
      3    Celery stalks; chopped
      1 cn Whole kernel corn & juice
      6 oz Jar sliced mushrooms
      3 c  Squash, cubed
      1 tb Onion powder
      2 ts Garlic powder
      1 ts Celery seed
           Sea salt; to taste
           -OR- vegetable seasoning
 
  Bring to boil and simmer, covered for 1 hour.  Add 1 tablespoon of AM
  Canola Oil before serving, and a handful of chopped parsley. Any other
  vegetables of choice may be added or substituted.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "7 Grain Cereal Recipes" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 LAYER BARS
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 c  Graham cracker crumbs
      1 c  Semisweet chocolate chips
      1 c  Butterscotch chips
  1 1/3 c  Flaked coconut
    1/2 c  Walnuts; chopped
      1 cn Sweetened condensed milk
 
  Melt butter in a 13 x 9 x 2 inch pan.  Sprinkle crumbs evenly over
  butter. Sprinkle in layers, chocolate chips, butterscotch chips,
  nuts, and top with coconut. Pour condensed milk over all. Bake in a
  pre-heated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes.  Let cool and cut in bars.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 LAYER CASSEROLE
 Categories: Meats, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Uncooked rice
      1 c  Whole kernal corn
      1    Small can tomato sauce
    1/2 c  Water
      1 c  Chopped onions and green
           Peppers
      1 lb Plus hamburg
      1    Small can tomato sauce
    1/4 c  Water
 
  In a casserole dish, layer ingredients as listed.  Top with 3 to 5
  slices of bacon.  Bake, covered, at 350 degrees for 1 hour, then bake
  uncovered for 1/2 hour.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 LAYER MEXICAN DIP
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 lg Refried beans
      2 cn Jalapenos; or chilies
      2    Tomatoes; or more
      1    Onion; (optional)
     16 oz Sour cream
      2    Avacados
      2 pk Taco seasoning
           Shredded cheese; (mozzarlla
      1    Olives
 
  Recipe by: Rachel Hosford Spence --ALASKA <JSRKH@ACAD1.ALASKA.EDU>
  Mix the refried beans and taco seasoning together (I also mix the
  chili's in with this, but some people put the chilis as a layer) Mix
  this really well (I used a food processor, but today I am going to
  use my mixer). This is the first layer.
  
  Put a layer of sour cream on top of the refried beans, taco seasoning
  and chilis.
  
  Next put a layer of well mixed/mushed avacados (you need enough to
  cover the pan, I use a cake pan normally) on top of everything else
  
  Next sprinkle cheeses on top (I just thought about it and I put the
  avacado first and then the sour cream, but I suppose it doesnt
  matter). I think the more cheese the better myself *grin*!
  
  Next cut up tomatoes and add as many as you like, which I like to use
  at least 2 cut up tomatoes.
  
  Last put chopped up olives.
  
  Put in the oven until the cheese is melted. I use a low heat so that
  everyt else warms up.
  
  Last but not least pull out the chips and dip! Everyone really enjoys
  this dip. I hope you do too.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 MINUTE BOILED CRAWFISH
 Categories: Wildgame, Seafood
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     50 lb Crawfish, live
      2 ea Ice cream salt, boxes
      4 oz Liquid crab boil
      3 ea Cayenne, lge stirring spoons
      6 ea Bay leaves, whole
      6 ea Celery, ribs
      4 ea Onions, medium
      3 ea Lemons or 1 tsp lemon oil
      8 oz Honey
      3 ea Oranges, halved
 
  Fill a 60 qt pot 1/2 full. Add all ingredients except crawfish and
  bring to a boil. Add crawfish. When it boils agains, time for 7
  minutes. Remove from fire, add one bucket cold water. Let it soak for
  one hour. Source: Times-Picayune/States-Item 15 Mar 84 Recipe date:
  03/15/84
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 OR 9 GRAIN BREAD (ABM)
 Categories: Digest, Oct., Abm
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/8    Water/Milk
    1/2 tb Fruit Juice Concentrate
      3 tb Honey/Maple Syrup
    1/3    To 3/4 tsp Salt
  1 1/2    To 3 Tbs Vital Gluten (opt.)
    3/4 c  7/9 Grain Cereal
  2 1/4 c  Whole Wheat Flour
  1 1/2 ts Yeast
 
  an easy low-rising bread - 7/9 grain cereal may be found at your HFS.
  ~ Flour Equivalent 3 cups
  
  Posted by "Rob Ryerson" <RYERSONRA@compctr.ccs.csus.edu> to the
  Fatfree Digest [Volume 11 Issue 7], Oct. 7, 1994. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission.
  Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 UP BUNDT CAKE
 Categories: None
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Margarine
      3 c  Flour
      3 c  Sugar
      2 tb Realemon
      5    Eggs
    3/4 c  7 Up (regualr, not diet)
 
  Cream sugar and margarine and beat until light and fluffy. Add eggs
  one at a time, and beat well. Add flour. Beat in Realemon and 7 Up.
  Pour batter into well greased and floured Bundt pan. Bake at 325F for
  1
      1/4    hours.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7 UP CAKE
 Categories: None
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Butter, softened
      3 c  Sugar
      5    Eggs
      3 c  Flour
      2 tb Lemon extract
    3/4 c  7UP
           Confectioner's sugar
 
  Cream butter and sugar until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, beating
  well after each addition. Add flour, lemon extract, and 7UP; mix
  well. Pour into greased angel food (or bundt) pan. Bake 325F for 1
  hour and 15 minutes or until done. Sprinkle with confectioner's sugar.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7-GRAIN BREAD (MACHINE)
 Categories: Breads, Breadmakers
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
  2 1/4 ts Dry yeast
  1 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 c  Bread flour
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Crumbled 7-grain cereal
           Flakes
      3 tb Nonfat dry milk
      1 tb Unsweetened cocoa powder
      2 tb Butter/margarine
    1/8 c  Dark molasses
      1 c  Plus 3 T plus 2 t warm
           (105ø-115ø) water
 
  Add ingredients in the order listed. All ingredients must be at room
  temperature, unless otherwise noted. Select whole grain and baking
  control for light. Press start. Tent a piece of aluminum foil, shiny
  side down, over glass dome at start of baking. Remove when cooling
  begins. Bread will be ready in 4 hours and 10 minutes.
  
  A dark, moist loaf that's perfect for sandwiches! Such is the reward
  when slicing into a loaf of 7-Grain Bread. The machine's great
  kneading power makes it moist, and the 7-grain cereal makes it full
  of extra fiber.
  
  From "Easy Baking" by Claudia Burns and Tom Lacalamita for Welbilt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7-LAYER TACO DIP
 Categories: Dips, Mexican, Ethnic
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 cn Jalapeno bean dip
      2    Ripe avocados, mashed with
           -lemon
      8 oz Sour cream with taco
           -seasoning
      1 c  Each shredded jack and
           -cheddar cheese
      3    Tomatoes, chopped fine
      1 bn Green onion tops
      1 cn Chopped black olives
 
  Layer in 5 x 9 oblong casserole dish. Serve with tortilla chips.
  
  Food & Wine RT [*] Category 2, Topic 2 Message 203 Sun Jan 31, 1993
  M.CARMAIN1 [Melinda]         at 03:10 EST
  
  MM by QBTOMM and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  GT Cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7-UP ANGEL FOOD CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           Angel food cake mix
      7 oz 7-Up
 
  Follow the directions on the package of angel food cake mix. Moisten
  the egg whites with the same quantity of 7-Up as your recipe calls
  for water. Do not chill the 7-Up; use it at room temperature.
  
  You're Really Cooking with You're Cooking with 7-Up!, 1957 from
  *Cakes Men Like* by Benjamin Darling
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7-UP APPLE DUMPLINGS
 Categories: Breads, Apples
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 c  Sugar
     10    Large apples
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1    Can biscuits
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Nutmeg
      1    Stick butter
      1 ts Cinnamon
     20 oz 7-up
     12    Butter
 
  In saucepan combine first group of sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, butter
  and the 7- up. Heat until melted, set aside. Peel and core apples,
  separate dough from 1 can biscuits. Separate and roll out each
  biscuit individually and place 1 apple in each. Combine second group
  of sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg. Sprinkle 1 tsp. of this mixture in
  center of each apple along with 2 T. butter. Fold biscuit around
  apple and pinch dough. Put dumplings in 9 x 13" pan.  Pour sauce over
  each dumpling. Bake at 375 degrees for 45 minutes. Pat Empson 05/21
  07:28 am FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 05/21 7:40 AM
  TO:      PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) FROM: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) SUBJECT:
  MM-MORE APPLES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7-UP DESSERT
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------BASE---------------------------------
      6 oz Pkg lemon jello
      2 c  Boiling water
      2 c  7-UP
      1 lg Can crushed pineapple
           -(drain well and save juice)
      2 lg Diced bananas
           Juice of 1/2 a lemon

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      1 c  Pineapple juice (if there
           -isn't enough, add water)
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour
      1    Egg, slightly beaten
      2 tb Butter, melted
      1 c  Cool Whip or Dream Whip
      1    Can Angel Flake Coconut
    1/2 c  Pecan pieces
 
  Mix the jello and boiling water. Cool. Add the 7-UP. When mixture is
  about to congeal, add the pineapple. Add the bananas which have been
  soaked in lemon juice. Pour into a 9x13 inch container and let chill
  until firm.
  
  To Make Topping: Mix the suagr and flour. Add the beaten egg and
  butter. Add the pineapple juice. Cook over low heat until thickened,
  stirring as it cooks, until mixture is thick. Let cool Fold in
  whipped topping and coconut. Spread this topping over the firm
  chilled base. Sprinkle with pecan pieces.
  
  Posted By rubyd@wam.umd.edu (teresa marie Cannon) On rec.food.recipes
  or rec.food.cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7-UP LEMON CHEESECAKE WITH STRAWBERRY GLAZE
 Categories: Cheesecakes, Strawberry
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
           CRUMB CRUST-----
      2 c  Graham cracker crumbs
    1/2 c  Butter -- melted
    1/2 c  Powdered sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
      7    UP FILLING-----
      1 pk Unflavored gelatin
      6 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 c  7-up -- divided
      2    Eggs -- beaten
      1 sm Lemon pudding & pie filling
    3/4 c  Water -- not instant
           STRAWBERRY GLAZE-----
    1/2 c  Strawberry jelly -- melted
           Unsweetened frozen --
           Thawed
           Fresh strawberries -=OR=-
           Whole strawberries
 
  CRUST: Combine well the graham cracker crumbs, powdered sugar,
  cinnamon, and melted butter. Press onto bottom and partway up sides
  of buttered 9" springform pan; chill.
  
  FILLING: Soften unflavored gelatin in 1/4 cup 7-up for 4 minutes. In a
  saucepan combine pie filling, sugar, beaten eggs and water. Blend
  well. Add 1-1/4 cup 7-up and bring just to a boil over medium heat
  stirring constantly; remove from heat. Stir in softened gelatin; cool
  3 minutes. Add 1/2 cup of this warm mixture to softened cream cheese;
  mash together. Mix together with remaining 7-up mixture and stir
  until well blended. Turn into chilled crust and chill for at least 8
  hours. Remove from pan and add topping.
  
  TOPPING: Brush top of chilled cheesecake with melted jelly. Arrange
  strawberried upright on cake and spoon any remaining melted jelly over
  them.
  
  Recipe By     : Patti Anderson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7-UP POUND CAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Easy
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
           *INGREDIENTS*
      3 c  All-purpose flour, sifted
      5    Eggs,large
      3 c  Sugar
      1 c  Butter,softened (no
           -substitutions)
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Vegetable shortening
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 ts Lemon extract
      1 c  7-Up or other lemon-lime
           -soda
 
  *************************** ***** 7-UP Pound Cake *****
  ***************************
  
  Categories: Cake            Easy
  
  Calories     per serving: 420         Number of Servings: 16 Fat
  grams per serving: 20
  :        Approx. Cook Time: 90min Cholesterol per serving: 97 Marks:
  
  *DIRECTIONS*
  
  Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease 12-cup Bundt pan. Combine flour
  and salt in bowl. Combine remaining ingreidents except soda in large
  mixer bowl; beat at medium speed until ligfht and fluffy, scraping
  sides occasionally, 5 minutes. Reduce speed to low; add dry
  ingredients and soda, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Bake
  1 1/2 hours or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
  Cool in pan 15 minutes. Invert onto wire rack, remove pan and cool
  completely. Makes 16 Servings.
  
  Per Servings: 420 calories, 4 gm protein, 20 gm fat, 57 gm
  carbohydrates, 173 mg sodium, 97 mg cholesterol.
  
  Recipe from: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991 issue
  
  *** Recipe Via Compu-Chef (tm) ***
  
  Courtesy of Shareware RECIPE CLIPPER 1.1
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7-UP PUNCH
 Categories: Improv, Kohl, Beverages
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn 46-oz pineapple juice
           Juice of 2 lemons
      2 c  Orange juice
           Mint leaves
      6 c  Water
      4 c  Sugar
      5    Bananas, mashed
           7-Up to stretch it
      1 pk Frozen strawberries
 
  Mix sugar and water. Chill. Add fruit juices. Add bananas right away.
  (That is, don't let the mashed bananas sit.) Freeze. When ready to
  serve, break up the frozen base into pieces. Add strawberries and
  enough 7-Up to stretch.
  
  From:  IT NEVER TURNS OUT THE SAME WAY COOKBOOK
       A Collection of Recipes from the Kitchen of Joyce & Clem Kohl
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 7-UP SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Elvis
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pk Lemon gelatin
      1 pk Lime gelatin
      2 c  Hot 7-Up
      1 c  Mayonnaise
      1 c  Cottage cheese
      1 cn Crushed pineapple
 
  Prepare gelatin according to package directions, substituting 7-Up for
  water. Let cool to room temperature, stir in remaining ingredients.
  Pour into molds. Refrigerate.
  
  This was a favorite party dish at Graceland.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 747
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, Mixed drink
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Part irish cream
      1    Part amaretto
      1    Part coffee liqueur
 
  Serve
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 784429 FRIED BANANAS ALMANDINE
 Categories: Desserts, Banana, Chocolate
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6    Bananas, peeled
      1 c  Almonds, sliced
      1 c  Chocolate sauce
      4 oz Orange liquor (Gran
           -Marnier, Triple Sec)
           -Butter, clarified, as
           -needed
 
  Cut bananas in half lengthwise.  Saute bananas and almonds in butter
  until golden brown.  Heat chocolate sauce and combine with orange
  liquor. Pour chocolate sauce onto dessert plates covering the center
  of the plates. Arrange bananas neatly on each of the plates and top
  with sauteed almonds and serve.  Serves:  6. (Prep and Cooking Time:
  20 minutes)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 8  MINUTE  CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Kaz, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 pk (8 oz.) cream cheese --
           Softened
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 c  (1/2 pt.) sour cream
      2 ts Vanilla
      1    (8 oz.) container Birds Eye
           Cool Whip whip
      1    Keebler
           -
           Fresh strawberries for
           Garnish
           Ready Crust graham cracker
           Pie crust
 
  Beat cheese until smooth; gradually beat in sugar. Blend in sour
  cream and vanilla.  Fold in whipped topping, blending well. Spoon
  into crust. Chill until set, at least 4 hours. Garnish with fresh
  strawberries if desired.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 81938 -- ALMOND  POPPY  SEED  BREAD
 Categories: B, R, E, A
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour
  2 1/2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
      2 tb Poppy seed
      3    Eggs
  1 1/2 c  Milk
  1 1/8 c  Oil
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 ts Almond extract
 
  ~-GLAZE:--
  
  1/4 c. orange juice 3/4 c. sugar 1 tsp. vanilla
      1/2    tsp. almond extract
  
  Mix all batter ingredients in a large bowl.  Pour batter into 2 well
  greased and floured loaf pans. Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour. Let
  cool 5 minutes. Blend orange glaze ingredients. Pour over loaves
  while still warm in pans. Cool 5 minutes, then remove loaves from
  pans. --BATTER:--
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 83238 -- POPPY  SEED  ALMOND  BREAD
 Categories: B, R, E, A
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour
  1 1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
 
  Mix in small bowl.  Set aside.  Mix in large bowl: 2 1/2 c. sugar 1
  1/2 c. milk 1 1/2 c. oil 2 tbsp. poppy seeds 3 eggs
    1 1/2    tsp. almond extract
    1 1/2    tsp. vanilla
  
  Add flour mixture to this.  Bake in 4 small loaf pans or 2 large pans
  at 350 degrees for 50-60 minutes (or more). --GLAZE:--
  
  6-7 tbsp. sugar 2 tbsp. orange juice
      1/4    tsp. vanilla
      1/4    tsp. almond extract 2 tbsp. butter
  
  Heat and brush over bread while warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 879371 NORWAY RICE CREAM
 Categories: Norway, Desserts, Norwegian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      6 c  Milk
      1 c  Long grain rice
      3 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Heavy cream
           -Berries
 
  In a large heavy saucepan over medium heat, combine rice, milk, sugar
  and salt until tiny bubbles form around edge. Reduce heat and simmer
  covered 45-50 minutes until rice is tender. Stir occasionally.
  Refrigerate until well chilled.  Beat cream until peaks form. Fold
  into chilled rice. Refrigerate until ready to serve. Spoon berries
  over each serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 9 GRAIN BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      9    Grain Mix Makes 2 1/4 c
           -Makes 10c
           Triticale flour
           -1/2 c           2 c
           Buckwheat groats or flour
           -1 Tbs           1/4 c
           Flax meal (grind flaxseed)
           -1 Tbs           1/4 c
           Millet (whole)
           -1/4 c           1 c
           Cornmeal
           -1/3 c           1 1/3 c
           Sunflower seeds
           -1/2 c           2 c
           Oats
           -1/4 c           1 c
           Soy flour
           -1/4 c           1 c
           Soy grits
           -1 1/2 Tbs       3/8 c
           Mix these up and you're
           -ready to make bread!
           Makes 2 - 1 1/2 lb loaves
  2 1/3 c  Warm water
    2/3 tb Blackstrap molasses
  1 3/4 tb Malt syrup
      1 tb Yeast
  1 1/8 c  9 grain mix
  5 1/2 c  Hard whole wheat flour
      1 ts Salt
  3 1/2 tb Oil
 
  From the Arcata Co-op Bakery
  
  THis bread will not only nourish you, it will surprise you with its
  unique and delightful flavor and texture. Definetly worth the extra
  effort of finding the 9-grain mix ingredients. The mix will keep well
  in the refrigerator - we're sure you'll want to make this bread again
  (try a handful in pancakes!).
  
  Mix the water, molasses, malt and yeast.  Add the 9 grain mix, flour,
  salt and oil (you can also make a sponge and wait, but it's not
  necessary). Mix, and knead dough well. Let rise, shape into loaves
  and let rise again in oiled bread pans.  Bake at 350 F for 45 min.
  
  From: "Uprisings: Whole Grain Bakers Book" Posted by Theresa Merkling.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 9 MINUTE FRESH FRUIT PIE
 Categories: Pies, Fruits, Peaches, Strawberry
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Blueberries OR
      4 c  Halved strawberries OR
      4 c  Peaches,peeled and sliced
      2 tb Cornstarch
      2 tb Water
    1/2 c  Corn syrup
      2 ts Lemon juice
      1 c  Heavy cream
           Baked pie crust
 
  In covered blender, blend 1 cup of fruit at high spped 30 seconds. In
  2 quart saucepan, mix cornstarch and water until smooth. Add mashed
  fruit, corn syrup, and lemon juice. Stirring constantly, bring to
  boil over medium heat and boil one minute. Turn into bowl, cover
  surface with waxed paper. Cool one hour. Fold in remaining fruit.
  Spread cream onto bottom and sides of pie crust. Fill with fruit
  mixture. Chill 3 hours or until set. Serves 6-8 people.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 9-POINT FLAN
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
      8    Egg yolks; or up to:
     10    -Egg yolks total
     13 oz Evaporated milk
      2 tb Rum; or more to taste
 
  In heavy skillet, slowly heat 3/4 cup sugar until melted and
  caramel-colored. Pour into 5-cup baking dish and carefully swirl to
  line dish with caramel. Set aside. Beat egg yolks with 1/2 cup sugar.
  Add evaporated milk and rum to taste and beat well. Turn custard into
  prepared baking dish. Place dish in pan of hot water and bake at 350F
  about 1 hour, or until knife inserted in center comes out clean. Cool
  thoroughly at room temperature. Unmold on serving plate.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 90 MINUTE CINNAMON BUNS
 Categories: Breads, Snack, Desserts, Muffins
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  3 1/4 c  All-purpose flour, divided
      1 tb Yeast, quick-rise
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Water
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine
      1    Egg
      1 c  Brown sugar, firmly packed
      1 tb Cinnamon
    1/3 c  Butter or margarine, softend
    1/2 c  Raisins, optional
 
  Set aside 1 cup flour. Mix remaining flour, yeast, sugar and salt in a
  large bowl. Heat milk, water and 1/4 cup butter to 105-115 F. Stir
  liquids into flour mix, stir to blend completely. Add the egg. Add
  enough of the reserved flour to make a soft dough that does not stick
  to the bowl. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead 5 times. Cover
  dough and let rest 10 minutes.
  
  Mix brown sugar, cinnamon and butter together (amounts can be
  increased up to 1 1/2 times given for extra sticky buns). Gently roll
  dough into a 12"x9" rectangle. Spread with cinnamon mixture and
  sprinkle with raisins if desired.
  
  Roll up from long side and pinch to seal the seam. Cut into 12 equal
  slices with a sharp knife. Place cut side up in greased muffin tins.
  Place muffin pan on a baking sheet on top of a large shallow pan half
  filled with boiling water. Cover dough and let rise for 20 minutes.
  
  Bake at 375 F. for 20 minutes or until browned. Remove from muffin
  tins immediately to cool. Serve warm!
  
  Typed by Bob 8-{)   Recipe from a neighbor.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 90 MINUTE DINNER ROLLS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb B sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      1    Active dry yeast
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Water
      2 tb B margarine
 
   ts o 2 1/2 cups unsifted flour
  
  1. Mix 3/4 cup of the flour, sugar, salt, and undissolved yeast.
  
  2. Heat milk, water and margarine to 120-130 F. (I use my temp. probe
  of my microwave for this. It works great!)
  
  3. Gradually add milk mixture to dry mixture and beat 2 min. at medium
  speed of mixer. Add 1/4 cup flour. Beat at high speed 2 minutes. Stir
  in enough additional flour to make soft dough.
  
  4. On floured board knead 2 to 3 minutes. (I use dough hook on mixer.
  Works very well)
  
  5. Divide dough into 8-12 equal pieces. Shape into balls. Place in an
  8-inch round pan.
  
  6. Pour a 1-inch depth of boiling water into large pan on bottom rack
  of cold oven. Set rolls on rack above water. Cover. Close oven door;
  let rise 30 minutes .
  
  7. Remove the cover! Remove pan of water!
  
  8. Turn oven on to 375 F. Bake 20-25 minutes or til rolls are light
  golden in color. Remove from pan to cool. Serve Warm.
  
  Recipe in Fleischmann's advertisement in about 1982-1983.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 90'S STYLE CHICKEN SALAD
 Categories: Poultry, Finalist
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 ea Breasts, chicken, halves,
           -- broiler/fryer, boned,
           -- skinned
      4 ea Thighs, chicken, skinned,
           -- broiler/fryer type
      3 c  Broth, chicken
      5 ts Curry powder, divided
     11 oz Oranges, mandarin, canned
           -- drained
    1/2 c  Cashews, halved, unsalted
    1/2 c  Dates, pitted, chopped
      2 ts Pepper, red, diced
      1 c  Yogurt, mandarin orange
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise, reduced
           -- calorie
    1/4 c  Coconut, flaked
    1/4 c  Chutney, finely chopped
           Curly lettuce cups
           Coconut flaked
           Cashews, chopped
 
       Put the chicken in a deep saucepan.  Add broth and 4 teaspoons
  of the curry powder.  Cover and simmer for about 30 minutes or until
  the chicken is fork tender.
  
       Remove from the heat and allow the chicken to cool in the broth.
  When cool, separate the meat from the bones. Discard the bones and
  broth.
  
       Cut chicken into bite-sized pieces and put it into a large bowl
  with the oranges, cashew halves, dates, and red pepper; set aside.
  
       In a small bowl, make the dressing by mixing together the yogurt,
  mayonnaise, coconut, chutney, and the remaining teaspoon of curry
  powder; blend well.
  
       Fold the yogurt dressing into the chicken-orange mixture.
  
       Arrange lettuce cups on a large platter.  Fill with salad,
  garnish with coconut and cashews.
  
       * Plain orange or lemon yogurt may be substituted.
  
       Cook:  Lynn Akers, Virginia
  
       Source: "Chicken Cookery"  - 1994 Delmarva Chicken Cooking
  Contest
       :       Delmarva Poultry Industries, Inc.
       :       Georgetown, Delaware, 19947-9622
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 90-MINUTE SOFT PRETZELS
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  3 1/2 c  All-Purpose Flour; unsifted
      2 tb Sugar
      1 ts Salt
      1 pk Active Dry Yeast
      1 c  Water
      1 tb Water
      1    Egg Yolk; beaten
           Coarse Salt
 
       Mix 1 cup flour, sugar, salt and undissolved yeast. Heat 1 cup
  water and margarine to 120 to 130 degrees. Gradually add to dry
  ingredients; beat 2 minutes at medium speed of mixer. Add 1/2 cup
  flour.
   Beat at high speed 2 minutes.  Stir in enough additional flour to
  make a soft dough. On floured board, knead 5 minutes. Set in greased
  bowl; turn to grease top.  Cover and let rise in warm, draft-free
  place 40 minutes.
       Divide dough into 12 equal pieces.  Roll each into a 20-inch
  rope. Shape into pretzels or other shapes. Place on greased baking
  sheets. Cover; let rest 5 minutes. Mix egg yolk and 1 tablespoon
  water; brush on pretzels. Sprinkle with coarse salt.  Bake at 375
  degrees 15 minutes or until done. Cool on racks.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 93079 FLOUR TORTILLAS
 Categories: Mexican, Breads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      3 c  Unsifted flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/4 c  Shortening or lard
      1 c  Lukewarm water
           Shortening or lard
 
  Put flour and baking powder in bowl and mix.  Cut shortening into
  flour with pastry blender until size of peas.  Add water gradually.
  Stir until dough is stiff.  Form into a ball and knead thoroughly
  until smooth on a lightly floured board.  At this point you can
  grease the surface of the dough, cover tightly and refrigerate for as
  long as 24 hours before using; if you do this, the dough will be
  easier to handle. Let dough return to room temperature before you
  begin to roll it out (about 1 hour). Divide dough into 8 balls for
  large, thin tortillas or 11 balls for regular-sized, 7 inch
  tortillas. For large, thin tortillas, roll as thin as possible on a
  lightly floured board.  Drop onto a very hot ungreased skillet. Bake
  until freckled on one side.  (This should take only about 20
  seconds.) Lift edge with spatula, turn, and bake on second side. To
  serve at once, fold hot, limp tortilla around pieces of butter. Or
  cool tortillas, wrap airtight, and refrigerate or freeze.  To serve
  later, reheat or fry by methods described below.  Makes one dozen
  tortillas (1/16 inch thick). To reheat and soften corn or flour
  tortillas on an ungreased surface: Fresh tortillas are already soft
  in a sense, but when heated they become even more tender and
  flexible. If tortillas are dry and a little hard, dip your hand in
  water and rub it lightly onto surfaces of the bread before heating.
  Be sure not to heat them longer than necessary to soften and warm
  thoroughly, or they will become hard and brittle. Place tortillas so
  they do not overlap on a medium-hot griddle or in a heavy frying pan
  over medium-high heat. Turn frequently until soft and hot, about 30
  seconds. Put immediately into a tightly covered dish, or put into a
  foil packet and seal it, and hold in a 200 degree oven until all
  tortillas are heated. (The secret is to keep them from drying out
  once heated.) To soften corn or flour tortillas by frying:  Heat
  about 1/4 inch of salad oil, shortening, or lard in a frying pan over
  medium-high heat. Quickly turn one or two tortillas at a time in oil;
  they soften almost immediately. Do not allow them to become crisp.
  Drain on paper towels.  To crisp-fry whole corn or flour tortillas:
  Heat 1 inch of salad oil, shortening, or lard in a frying pan to
  350-375 degrees. Fry 1 tortilla at a time, using a spatula to turn
  frequently or to hold it under the fat until it crisps, puffs
  slightly, and browns lightly (about 1 minute or less).  Drain on
  paper towels.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 948881 CAPE COD CLAM & CORN FRITTERS
 Categories: Corn, Seafood
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Eggs, well beaten
    1/4 c  Clam liquid
    1/4 c  Milk
      1 tb Oil
  1 1/2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
           -Salt to taste
      1 c  Well-drained kernel corn
    1/2 c  Well-drained minced clams
 
  Beat eggs; add milk, clam liquid, oil and beat until well blended.
  Stir in flour, baking powder and salt to taste.  Beat until well
  blended. Add corn and clams.    Drop by well-rounded tablespoons into
  hot oil. Cook until browned on both sides.  Drain on paper towels.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: 991178 TORTILLA TORTE
 Categories: Mexican, Desserts, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Sour cream
      1 pk Chocolate chips
     10    (8 inch) flour tortillas
    1/4 c  Powdered sugar
           -Fruit jam
 
  Melt 1 package chocolate chips and mix with 2 cups sour cream. Let
  cool and spread 1/3 cup on each tortilla (layer them). Finish with
  tortillas. Do not put chocolate on top.  Chill.  Mix 1 cup sour cream
  with 1/4 cup powdered sugar and ice cake.  Chill. Before serving,
  garnish with fruit jam. Keep refrigerated.  Flavor improves if
  allowed to stand 1 to 2 days.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  15-MINUTE  STIR  FRY
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           -
      1 lb Boneless, lean meat like
           Skinned chicke -- pork
           Loin, or beef (flank steak
           Round steak or top s
           Or trim fat and cut a large
           Piece into thi
           -
      2 tb Low sodium soy sauce
      2 tb Water
      2    Garlic
      1 ts Corn starch
           -
      1 lb (or 2 c.) fresh or frozen
           Vegetables
           Bird's Eye Farm Fresh
           Mixture, require no
           Chop into bite-size pieces
           Or thin strips.
           -
      2 tb Low sodium soy sauce
    1/2 c  Low sodium chicken broth
      1 ts Sugar
      1 tb Corn starch
           MEAT:-----
           MARINADE:-----
           Cloves -- minced
           VEGETABLES:-----
           Fro -- like
           SAUCE:-----
 
  Combine marinade ingredients in a bowl.  Add meat pieces and toss to
  coat well.  Let stand for 10 minutes; then drain extra marinade from
  meat.
  
  Cool a wok or heavy pan with non-stick cooking spray. Add 1
  tablespoon oil and heat on high.  Add meat and cook until browned,
  stirring constantly. Add vegetables and sauce. Bring to a boil,
  reduce heat and simmer until the vegetables are tender but still
  crisp.
  
  Yield: 4 servings.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  DIETER'S  DREAM  SHRIMP  SALAD
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 oz Shrimp -- cooked
     16 oz Green beans
      1    Garlic
      1 tb Salad oil
    1/4 ts Mustard powder
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/4 c  Vinegar
      2 ea Chicken bouillon cube
    2/3 c  Rice -- cooked
      1 c  Celery -- sliced
    1/2 c  Onions -- sweet, sliced
      2 c  Lettuce -- shredded
           Soy sauce (optional)
           Clove
 
  Rinse shrimp and cook.  Chill can of green beans. Drain and save
  liquid. Slice thinly the garlic clove and crush in large bowl. Add
  oil, mustard, sugar, vinegar, shrimp and beans. Refrigerate. Heat
  bean liquid. Add bouillon cubes and stir until dissolved. Add enough
  water to make 2 cups. Add rice.  Bring to a boil and cook rapidly,
  uncovered, about 8 minutes or until rice stands above the water line.
  Reduce heat to lowest point, cover and steam for 12 to 14 minutes.
  Spread rice in a shallow pan to cool. Refrigerate for 10 minutes or
  until needed at serving time. Add rice to shrimp and bean mixture.
  Toss together with celery, onion and lettuce. Serve with soy sauce.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  GOOD  RELISH
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ga Green tomatoes
      1    Dozen
    1/2 c  Salt
        lg Onions
 
  Grind tomatoes and onions together.  Add salt and cover with water,
  let stand 10 minutes.  Drain well. Add:
  
  1 dozen peppers (green and red) 2 hot peppers 1 dozen pickles (canned
  ones can be used) 1 tbsp. celery seed 3 1/2 lb. sugar 1 qt. vinegar
  Cook 15 minutes.  Seal while hot.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  MOST  EXCELLENT  GNOCCHI
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           Vegetable oil
      3 c  Milk
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 pn Nutmeg
      1 pn Pepper
      2 ea Egg yolks -- lightly beaten
      1 c  Parmesan cheese -- grated
      6 tb Butter
      1 c  Semolina flour
 
  Line bottom of 15 x 10 x 1 inch pan with aluminum foil. Generously
  oil the foil.  Heat milk, salt, nutmeg and pepper in heavy 3 quart
  saucepan over medium high heat just to simmering.  Do not boil.
  Reduce heat to medium low begin whisking or stirring mi
  
  Add egg yolks, 3/4 cup of the cheese and 2 tablespoons of the butter
  to semolina mixture; stir until butter is melted and mixture is
  smooth.
  
  Transfer mixture to prepared pan. Pat out with spatula to 3/8 inch
  thick. Refrigerate uncovered until cold, at least 1 hour. Heat oven
  to 425 degrees.
  
  Turn mixture out of pan onto flat surface; peel off foil. Cut gnocchi
  out of mixture with 2 inch round cutter. Arrange gnocchi overlapping
  in 10 inch shallow flameproof baking dish.  Melt remaining 4
  tablespoon butter in small saucepan.  Drizzle melted
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  PIE  CAKE
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Flour
      1 c  White sugar (granulated)
      1 c  Light brown sugar
      1 c  Shortening or butter
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      1    Egg
      1 c  Sour milk
 
  Mix flour, sugar and baking powder in bowl with butter. Add 1 beaten
  egg to milk.  Add 1 cup sour milk and baking soda. Mix with hands,
  like you would for pie dough.  When thoroughly mixed, cut into 4
  parts and put in pie tins.  Bake at 350 degrees for
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  PLUS  BROWNIES
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           -
      1 pk (12 oz.) semi sweet
           Chocolate chips, minia
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Butter
      2    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Salt
    2/3 c  Flour
           -
      1 pk (8 oz.) cream cheese --
           Softened
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 tb Butter -- softened
      2    Eggs
      2 tb Milk
      1 tb Flour
    1/2 ts Almond extract
           BROWNIE  BASE:-----
           TOPPING:-----
 
  To make base: In large bowl, combine sugar and butter; beat until
  creamy. Add eggs, vanilla and salt; mix well. In small micro proof
  bowl, melt 1 and 1/4 cups of the mini chocolate chips until smooth.
  Add melted chocolate and flour to first mixture.  Pour into well
  greased 9 x 9 inch square pan. Set aside.
  
  To make topping:  In a small bowl, combine cream cheese, sugar and
  butter; beat until creamy.  Add eggs, milk, flour and almond extract;
  beat well. Stir in remaining 3/4 cup of mini chocolate chips. Pour
  over brownie base.
  
  Bake in 350 degree oven for 40 to 45 minutes.  Cool completely and
  cut into small pieces these are very rich, and taste best if chilled.
  Store in refrigerator. Makes 16 to 24 brownies.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  POT  OF  GREENS  -  "SOUTHERN  STYLE"
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           Fresh collards
           Mustard
           Turnip greens
 
  Or - can use all three of above mixed together. (Frozen ones taste
  just like the box.  Don't even fool with them).
  
  1 turnip, soft-ball size 1/2 lb. lean side meat Salt Pressure-cooker
  Fresh greens are sandy and must be thoroughly washed in several
  changes of water. A clean laundry tub works well or you can actually
  put them in the washer on the delicate cycle, no soa
  
  Pull the green leafy part off the tough stems and tear into pieces
  with your hands. Discard the stems. You will think that you have
  enough greens to feed an army when you start, but greens yield about
  half their weight and also cook down to a smaller amou
  
  Following your pressure-cooker directions, put them in your cooker
  with the recommended amount of water - usually a half-cup. Chicken or
  beef broth works well too. Cut the sidemeat up into 2 x 2 inch chunks
  and distribute throughout the greens.  Dice th
  
  I find that it takes about 15 minutes of pressure to cook them to the
  proper Southern degree of tenderness. When the pressure goes down,
  remove them from the pot and place in a large deep pan. They should
  be dark-green and soft, not chewy at all.  DO NO
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  QUICK  DESSERT
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Pieces toast
      4 sl Cheese
           Nutmeg
  1 1/2 c  Applesauce
    1/4 c  Sugar
 
  Add sugar and nutmeg to applesauce.  Put applesauce on toast, about 3
  tablespoons on each piece of toast. Lay a slice of cheese over the
  sauce.
   Bake in a moderate oven until thecheese melts.  Serve hot.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  QUICK  WAY  TO  DECORATE  CAKE
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 pk Marshmallows
           Vanilla to taste
           Green food coloring
      1 pk Red hots
           Box of cornflakes (4 1/2 c
           White angel food cake
 
  Melt marshmallows, add food coloring and vanilla.  Add the
  cornflakes, stir until well coated.  Spread this onto a cookie sheet,
  shaping into holly leaves.  Place a red hot in middle. Let dry about
  5 hours. Then top a white frosted angel cake with the holly leaves.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  REAL  EASY  COOKIE
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           Graham crackers
           Pecan halves
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2    Sticks cutter
 
  Melt butter and sugar.  Bring to a boil.  Boil for two minutes ONLY.
  Place graham crackers on foil lined sheet. Place nuts on cracker
  center. Spoon butter and sugar mix over graham crackers. Bake at 325
  degrees for 15 minutes on top rack.  Cool completely and serve.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  RICE  KRISPY  TREAT
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 c  Rice Krispie cereal
    1/4 c  Corn oil margarine
      1    (10 1/2 oz.) bag miniature
           Marshmallows
 
  Melt margarine and marshmallows in large pot over low heat. Stir until
  melted.  Remove from heat.  Add Rice Krispie cereal; stir until all
  cereal is coated. Press the treat intoa greased 13 x 9 x 2 inch pan.
  Cool, cut into squares or any shape you like
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A  WHOLE  EGG  SUBSTITUTE
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Egg
  2 1/4 ts Nonfat milk
      2 ts Vegetable oil
           White
 
  For the equivalent of 1 whole egg combine the above ingredients in a
  blender. Blend well. Cover and refrigerate up to 1 week. This
  substitute may be used in nearly any recipe calling for a whole egg.
  It can be used to make scrambled eggs. Use 1/4 to 1/2cup substitute
  per person. Add chopped vegetables or shredded lowfat cheese
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A "BOILED" DINNER
 Categories: Pork, Soups/stews
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    To 3 pounds pork spareribs
  1 1/2 c  Hot water
      1 md Potatoes, pared and halved
  1 1/2 c  Canned or cooked green beans
           -with liquid
           Salt
           Pepper
 
  Brown spareribs in frying pan without added fat. Add water andsimmer
  for 1 hour.
  
  Add potatoes to meat and cook until tender - about 25 minutes.
  
  Add beans and liquid the last 10 minutes of cooking. If raw beans are
  used, add with the potatoes.
  
  Season with salt and pepper. Skim off excess fat before serving.
  
  To complete the meal: Serve with crisp lettuce, tomato and celery
  salad, and apple betty with lemon sauce for dessert.
  
  For variety: Beef short ribs may be used with longer cooking.
  
  Corned beef, ham hock, or ham bone may be used in place of shortribs.
  Cover with water and simmer about 3 hours or until tender. Omit salt,
  and continue as above. Good with sauerkraut.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A "WHAT TO DO WITH ALL THOSE ZUCCHINI" BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Honey
      1 c  Maple syrup
    3/4 c  Oil
      3 c  Zucchini milk
      1 c  Chopped walnuts
      1 c  Chopped dates
      1 ts Sea salt
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Ground cloves
      4 ts Baking soda
      2 c  Unbleached white flour
      2    To 2-1/2 cups whole wheat
           -flour
    1/2 c  Wheat germ
 
  To make zucchini milk, chop up into small pieces, peel zucchini, but
  don't remove seeds.  Put in blender a bit at a time to liquefy.
  
  Preheat oven to 350F.  Combine honey, maple syrup, oil, zucchini milk,
  dates, walnuts, salt, cinnamon, cloves and soda in a large bowl. Mix
  well. Stir in remaining ingredients.
  
  Spoon the mixture into 3 well oiled loaf tins and bake one hour or
  until done.  Cool in pan 20 minutes before turning onto a rack.
  
  From: Buffalo Mountain Food Co-op Cookbook Shared By: Pat Stockett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A 1-2-3-4 CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter
      1 c  Milk
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      3 c  Flour
      3 ts Baking powder
      4    Eggs
      2    Unsweetened chocolate
  1 1/2 c  Confectioners sugar
      1    Egg, beaten
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ ea CHOCOLATE ICING                   1/2 c butter CAKE: Cream
  butter until fluffy.  Add sugar and cream well. Add eggs one at a
  time. Beat well.  Sift flour, baking powder and salt together. Add
  alternating with milk ending with flour.  Beat on low speed. Add
  vanilla.
   Pour into greased, floured pans.  Makes three layers. Bake at 350
  for 30 minutes.  Test for doneness.
  CHOCOLATE ICING:  Melt butter and chocolate in double boiler. Remove
  from heat.  Blend sugar, egg, salt and vanilla into chocolate
  mixture. Beat until icing is creamy. Double for threelayers.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A 14-MINUTE MAPLE CANDY
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Maple sirup
      1 c  Cream
    1/4 c  Butter
      1 c  Nut meats, chopped
      1 ts Lemon extract
 
  Cook the maple sirup, cream, and butter for 9 minutes after the
  boiling point is reached.  Remove from heat, add the nut meats and
  extract and stir for 5 minutes. Pour into buttered pans and when
  cool, cut into squares.
  
  From: Culinary Arts Institute Encyclopedic CookBook Shared By: Pat
  Stockett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A 2-MINUTE FUDGE
 Categories: Candies, Christmas
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      1 lb Powdered sugar
    1/2 c  Cocoa
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Milk
      1 tb Vanilla extract
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 c  Nuts, chopped
 
  In a 1 1/2 qt. casserole, stir sugar, cocoa, salt, milk and vanilla
  together until partially blended (it will be too stiff to blend
  thoroughly).  Put butter over top in center of dish. Microwave at
  high for 2 minutes, or until smooth. If all butter has not melted in
  cooking, it will as mixture is stirred. Blend in nuts. Pour into a
  lightly-buttered 8x4x3" dish. Chill 1 hour in refrigerator or 20 to
  30 minutes in freezer. Cut into squares.  Makes about 36 squares.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A 20-MINUTE CHICKEN PARMESAN
 Categories: Poultry, Italian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Boneless and skinless
           -chicken breast halves
      1    Egg, slightly beaten
    1/2 c  Seasoned bread crumbs
      2 tb Butter or margarine
  1 3/4 c  Spaghetti sauce
    1/2 c  Shredded mozzarella cheese
      1 tb Grated parmesan cheese
    1/4 c  Chopped fresh parsley
 
  Using palm of hand flatten chicken to even thickness. Dip chicken
  into egg then into crumbs to coat. In skillet over medium heat, in
  hot margarine, brown chicken on both sides. Add sauce. Reduce heat.
  Cover; simmer 10 minutes. Sprinkle with cheeses and parsley. Cover;
  simmer 5 minutes or until cheese melts.
  
  Makes 4 servings.
  
  From: Steve Herrick Source: [Prego]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A 3-DAY MARMALADE
 Categories: Condiments, Jams
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      5    Sour oranges
      1    Grapefruit
           Granulated sugar
      1    St day:
 
  From: Arizona Cookbook
  
  Cut sour oranges and grapefruit in half and remove the seeds. Cut the
  pulp and rind in slices. Measure. Add 3 times as much water as fruit.
  Let the mixture stand.
  
  2 nd day:
  
  Boil the mixture for 20 minutes at a hard boil. Set aside for the
  next day.
  
  3 rd day:
  
  Measure the mixture and measure an equal amount of sugar. Boil the
  fruit for 20 minutes, and add sugar all at once. Stir. Boil 35 min.
  or until a little jells on a cold saucer. Seal with paraffin while
  hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A 4 & 20 MEAT PIE
 Categories: Australian, Beef
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------BASE---------------------------------
      8 oz Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 pt Water
      2 oz Beef drippings

MMMMM----------------------------TOP---------------------------------
     12 oz Puff pastry
           Beaten egg for glaze

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      1 lb Minced beef
      1    "cube" beef stock
      1 ts Salt
           Pepper to taste
    1/2 pt Water
      1 pn Nutmeg
      3 tb Flour
           Brown food coloring
 
  Mix all base ingredients thoroughly.  Roll out to about 1/8"
  thickness.
  
  Roll out puff pastry to 1/4" thickness.
  
  Saute the beef.  Dissolve the stock cube in the water, add to beef.
  Season to taste.  Sprinkle with flour and cook till flour is browned
  and incorporated well. Adjust seasoning and coloring to taste.
  
  Make pies by putting scoops of about 1/4 cup on the base crust. Egg
  glaze around the filling and top with the puff pastry, using the egg
  glaze as a "glue" (try not to leave large air pockets). Cut around
  the filling, creating individual pies.  Brush the top with more egg
  glaze for color and bake at 350 degrees till puffed and browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BAG OF BEAN TRICKS
 Categories: Beans, Soups, Text
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Text Only
 
  A bag of bean tricks to help you buy, soak, cook & store dry beans.
  
  Canned beans do not require additional cooking since they have been
  thoroughly cooked in the canning process, but there are several ways
  of preparing dry beans for cooking. All start with a thorough
  inspection for damaged beans and foreign material, then washing in
  cold water. The next step, which is highly recommended, is soaking
  the beans. This not only helps make the beans cook faster, it also
  improves flavor, texture, appearance and digestibility. For maximum
  improvement of these factors, it is recommended that the soak water
  be discarded and the beans rinsed and cooked in fresh water.
  
  SOAKING TIPS: Hot-soak (preferred) and Quick-soak method.
  
  For every pound of dry beans, any variety, add 10 cups of hot water.
  Remember beans will rehydrated to at least twice theri dry size, so
  be sure to start with a large enough pot. (Note: up to 2 teaspoons of
  salt per pound of beans *may* be added to help the beans absorb water
  more evenly.) Heat to boiling, let boil for 2 to 3 minutes. Remove
  from heat, cover and set aside for at least 1 hour (quick-soak
  method), but *preferably* four hours or more.  The longer soaking
  time is recommended to allow a greater amount of the gas-causing
  properties to dissolve in the water, thus helping the beans to be
  more easily digested and lessening the aftereffects. Whether you soak
  the beans for an hour or several hours, remember to DISCARD THE SOAK
  WATER.
  
  COOKING TIPS: (for each pound of dry beans)
  
  Standard method:  Drain and rinse soaked beans; put into a good- sized
  kettle.  Add 6 cup of hot water, 1 to 2 Tablespoons shortening and 2
  teaspoons salt. Boil gently with lid tilted until desired tenderness
  is reached.
  
  Savory Method:  Use standard method (above), but use 2 teaspoons
  onion salt and 1/4 teaspoon garlic salt instead of plain salt. Add 1
  Tablespoon chicken stock base or 3 to 4 bouillon cubes and 1/4
  teaspoon white pepper.
  
  * Simmer beans slowly.  Cooking too fast can break skins.
  
  * Acid slows down cooking.  Add tomatoes, vinegar, etc. last.
  
  * Add 1/8 to 1/4 teaspoon baking soda (no more) per pound of beans
  when cooking in hard water to shorten cooking time.
  
  * At high altitudes, beans take longer to cook.  A pressure cooker
  helps, but follow manufacturer's directions. [Personal note: Tom says
  1/2 hour in the pressure cooker at 15 lbs pressure is equivalent to
  cooking them overnight.  Don't put too many beans in the pressure
  cooker, as they expand:  you don't want to plug up the vent hole.)
  
  * Refried beans are made from freshly cooked pinto, pink, red or
  kidney beans, mashed and cooked in a skillet with bacon drippings,
  lard, oil, butter or margarine.
  
  [ California Dry Bean Advisory Board ] Posted by Shelley Rodgers.
  Courtesy of Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BARREL OF MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins, Breads
      Yield: 48 Servings
 
      5 ts Baking soda
      2 c  Boiling water
      1 c  Canola oil
      1 c  Sugar or less
      6 ea Egg whites
      4 c  All-Bran cereal
      2 c  Bran flakes
      5 c  Unbleached white flour
      4 c  Non-fat buttermilk
 
  Mix baking soda and water. Set aside to cool. Cream oil and sugar.
  Add egg whites and mix well. Combine bran cereals and flours. Add to
  creamed mixture and stir in buttermilk. Add water and baking soda and
  mix. Store the batter in a covered container in the refrigerator.
  When ready to bake, preheat oven to 375 degrees and spoon batter into
  lightly oiled or paper lined muffin tins. Return extra batter to
  refrigerator. Bake muffins for 20-25 minutes. Makes 60 muffins.
  ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~------------- ~ 1 Muffin calories 105,protein 3.0 gm,carb. 16.4
  gm,total fat 4.0 gm,CSI Units 0.7,dietary fiber 2.3 gm,sodium 166
  mg,potassium 127 mg,calcium 27 mg,iron 1.6 mg
  ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~------------- ~- The New American Diet by Connor & Connor
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BARREL OF MUFFINS (SHORT ORDER 12)
 Categories: Muffins, Breads
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      2 ts Baking soda
    3/4 c  Boiling water
  6 1/3 tb Canola oil
  6 1/3 tb Sugar or less
      2 ea Egg whites
  1 1/2 c  All-Bran cereal
    3/4 c  Bran flakes
      2 c  Unbleached white flour
  1 1/2 c  Non-fat buttermilk
 
  Mix baking soda and water. Set aside to cool. Cream oil and sugar.
  Add egg whites and mix well. Combine bran cereals and flours. Add to
  creamed mixture and stir in buttermilk. Add water and baking soda and
  mix. Store the batter in a covered container in the refrigerator.
  When ready to bake, preheat oven to 375 degrees and spoon batter into
  lightly oiled or paper lined muffin tins. Return extra batter to
  refrigerator. Bake muffins for 20-25 minutes.
  *******************************************************
  ************** ** 1 Muffin = calories 105, protein 3.0 gm, carb. 16.4
  gm, total fat 4.0 gm, CSI Units 0.7, dietary fiber 2.3 gm, sodium 166
  mg, potassium 127 mg, calcium 27mg, iron 1.6 mg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BATCH OF BUBBLES
 Categories: Kids, Information, Misc.
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
           -Sue Woodward
    1/4 c  Liquid detergent, preferably
           -Dawn
    1/2 c  -Water
      1 ts Sugar
           -OR
      3 tb Glycerine; (can be purchased
           -in most pharmacies)
 
  Mix all ingredients in a flat container such as a dishpan or baking
  pan. You can make bubbles with purchased wands, but it's much more
  fun to make your own bubble blowers from items you find around the
  house. For example, poke the bottom out of a paper cup and dip the
  end in the mixture; also try a slotted spoon, a plastic berry basket,
  and drinking straws.
  
  Source:  BH&G, 6/95
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BETTER POT ROAST
 Categories: Meats, Mine
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    First-cut brisket (5 lb)
           -trimmed of all visible fat
           Freshly ground black pepper
    1/4 c  Corn oil
      8    Onion(s), thickly sliced
           -separated into rings
      6    Carrots, peeled
           -cut in chunks
      3    Garlic clove(s), minced
      2    Bay leaves
      4 tb Tomato paste
           Salt to taste
     16 oz Can tomatoes, with juice
      1 c  Dry red wine
 
  Note: Make this a day ahead so you can skim off the fat. Preheat oven
  to 375øF. Cover both sides of brisket with lots of pepper. Over a
  medium flame, heat the oil in a heavy casserole or roasting dish and
  brown the brisket on all sides. Take the brisket out of the pan and
  set aside. Add the onions to the casserole and cook them over
  medium-high heat. As you stir them, scrape up the brown bits from the
  bottom of the casserole. cook the onions for about 15 minutes, or
  until they are thoroughly browned. Add the carrots, garlic, and bay
  leaves; stir for another 1-2 minutes. Take the casserole off the
  burner and carefully put the brisket back into its nest of
  vegetables. Coat the brisket on both sides with tomato paste.
  Sprinkle more pepper, and a little salt, over the tomato paste. Pour
  the tomatoes and red wine into the bottom of the casserole. Cover the
  casserole tightly, first with a layer of foil and then with the lid.
  Let the pot roast cook on the middle rack of the oven for 3« hours.
  check the liquid level in the casserole frequently; if it gets too
  low, add a little water or beef broth. When the meat is tender, take
  it out of the oven. Keep the meat covered while you cool it to room
  temperature. Then put it in the refrigerator overnight. The next day,
  spoon off all the solidified fat you can. Discard the bay leaves.
  Bring the meat back to room temperature and reheat it ÄÄ along with
  its juices and the vegetables ÄÄ either on top of the stove or in the
  oven. When it's hot, slice it on the diagonal and serve with the pan
  juices and vegetables spooned over. Add salt at the table, if needed.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BLOOMIN' ONION
 Categories: Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Water; ice
           Water; boiling
      4    Eggs; beaten
      2 tb Flour
      1 c  Cracker crumbs
 
  Select a well-rounded onion. Peel outer skin off. Leave root intact
  and cut off any hanging roots. Using a small, sharp knife, divide
  onion into four sections by making 2 cuts crosswise, beginning at the
  top and cutting toward root, stopping about 1/2" away. Cut each
  section twice. Place onion in bowl of enough boiling water to cover
  it and leave for 5 minutes. The sections, or petals, will begin to
  open. Remove onion from water and immerse into ice water, which will
  further the opening. Drain well by turning upside down on paper
  towel. Put flour into paper bag, add onion and shake gently to coat
  with flour. Roll floured onion in beaten egg to cover. Put cracker
  crumbs or coating in bag, add onion, and shake gently to coat.
  Refrigerate 1 hour before deep frying in oil to golden brown, 3 to 5
  minutes. Cooked onion can be kept for a time in warm oven. This
  recipe was posted some weeks ago. It did not include a sauce. If I
  remember correctly, the poster said to serve with Ranch Dressing for
  a sauce. I would just let my imagination go, on the sauce! I haven't
  tried this yet, even though it is tempting...I have to watch out for
  my husband's diet, so we try to stay away from fried things. Sorry, I
  don't know the name of the original poster, but that is his/her ID,
  after the recipe title. Barb Day
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BLOOMIN' ONION SAUCE & DIP
 Categories: Appetizers, Dips, Favorites
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      8 oz Sour cream
      8 oz Picante sauce (pace medium
           -or hot)
      8 oz Cream cheese; softened
      1    Garlic; to taste
      1    Lowry's seasoned salt; to
           -taste
 
  Mix and put in refrigerator to thicken for a day. Enjoy!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BOWL O' RED
 Categories: Soups/stews, Vegetables, Chili
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      6    To 12 chilies
      3 c  Cold water
      1 pk Soy or textured vegetable
           -protein (12oz)
      2 tb Oil
      1 md Onion; chopped
      1 cl Garlic; minced
      1 tb Cumin
    1/2 ts Red pepper
      1 tb Paprika
     12 c  Water
 
  Wash, stem and remoeve seeds from the chilies.  Put chiliesin 3 cups
  cold water and bring to a boil. After about 45 minutes to an hour the
  skins should slip off easily. Mash the pulp into a paste. If this
  seems too difficult, you can substitute chili powder at the ratio of
  1 tablespoon chili powder to a pod of chili. Read the instructions on
  the soy or TVP package to see if the product was soaked beforehand.
  If not, use some of the water to prepare this ingredient. Saute the
  onions in the olive oil until translucent. Add the garlic and spices
  , then the 12 cups of water. Bring to a boil, then add the nuggets.
  Reduce to a simmer, cook for 30 minutes to an hour.  If this seems
  too runny, you can thicken with masa, the cornmeal flour used in
  tortillas. When made in bulk, this chili can readily be frozen.
  
  Total calories per serving: 163  Fat 4 grams
  
  Source: Vegetarian Journal, Jan/Feb 1995 Pooh's Recipe dbase
  (lisa_pooh@delphi.com) 2/4/96 Submitted By "LISABETH F CRAWFORD
  (POOH)" <LISA_POOH@DELPHI.COM> On SUN, 04 FEB 1996 205131 -0500 (EST)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BOWL OF RED
 Categories: Soups/stews, Vegetarian, Chili
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      6    To 12 chilies
      3 c  Cold water
      1 pk Soy or textured vegetable
           -protein (12oz)
      2 tb Oil
      1 md Onion; chopped
      1 cl Garlic; minced
      1 tb Cumin
    1/2 ts Red pepper
      1 tb Paprika
     12 c  Water
 
  Wash, stem and remoeve seeds from the chilies.  Put chiliesin 3 cups
  cold water and bring to a boil. After about 45 minutes to an hour the
  skins should slip off easily. Mash the pulp into a paste. If this
  seems too difficult, you can substitute chili powder at the ratio of
  1 tablespoon chili powder to a pod of chili. Read the instructions on
  the soy or TVP package to see if the product was soaked beforehand.
  If not, use some of the water to prepare this ingredient. Saute the
  onions in the olive oil until translucent. Add the garlic and spices
  , then the 12 cups of water. Bring to a boil, then add the nuggets.
  Reduce to a simmer, cook for 30 minutes to an hour.  If this seems
  too runny, you can thicken with masa, the cornmeal flour used in
  tortillas. When made in bulk, this chili can readily be frozen.
  
  Total calories per serving: 163  Fat 4 grams
  
  Source: Vegetarian Journal, Jan/Feb 1995 Pooh's Recipe dbase
  (lisa_pooh@delphi.com) 2/4/96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BUCHE DE NOEL   --   FRENCH YULE LOG CAKE
 Categories: Xmas, Cakes, Desserts, French
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------ALMOND SPONGE SHEET-------------------------
      3    Egg yolks
    1/2 c  Granulated sugar
      1 md Orange; grated rind & juice
    3/4 c  Almonds; blanched & ground
           .  with 3 Tbsp granulated
           .  sugar
    1/4 ts Almond extract
    1/2 c  Cake flour
      3    Egg whites
      3 tb Granulated sugar
           Confectioner's sugar; in a
           .  sifter

MMMMM-----------------------MERINGUE BASE----------------------------
      3 lg Egg whites
        pn Salt
    1/4 ts Cream of tartar; scant
  1 1/3 c  Granulated sugar

MMMMM------------------------FILLING BASE-----------------------------
     12 oz Semisweet baker's chocolate
           .  melted with 1/3 cup
           .  strong coffee
      1 tb Vanilla extract
      3 tb Dark Jamaican Rum
      4 tb Butter; unsalted, softened

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      4 tb Butter; unsalted, softened

MMMMM-------------------------DECORATION------------------------------
      3 tb Unsweetened cocoa; in a tea
           .  strainer
           Confectioner's sugar; in a
           .  sifter

MMMMM---------------------SPUN CARAMEL VEIL--------------------------
      1 c  Granulated sugar
      3 tb White corn syrup
 
     SPECIAL EQUIPMENT SUGGESTED
  
  A jelly-roll pan about 11 by 17 inches; butter, wax paper, and flour
  for the pan; an electric blender or food processor for the aImonds; a
  table-model electric mixer for the meringue; a pastry bag with
  3/8-inch tube opening and a separate tube with l/8-inch opening, for
  the mushrooms; a buttered and floured no-stick pas try sheet for the
  mushrooms; a serving board to hold the log plenty of wax paper; an
  oiled broom handle suspended between 2 chair backs and newspapers on
  the floor, for the caramel. ** For the directions, please see part #2
  **
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BUCHE DE NOEL   --   FRENCH YULE LOG CAKE
 Categories: Xmas, Holidays, Cakes, French
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
           This file contains the
           .  directions only.  For
           .  the ingredients and a
           .  list of special equipment
           .  needed, please see
           .  Part #1.
 
  **  THE ORANGE/ALMOND SPONGE SHEET  ** Preparing the pan. Preheat the
  oven to 375 degrees. Line the jelly-roll pan with buttered wax paper,
  leaving a 2-inch overhang at each end. Roll flour in the pan and
  shake out excess.
  
  The cake batter. Using a wire whisk or hand-held electric mixer, beat
  the 3 egg yolks in a 3-quart bowl, gradually sprinkling in the 1/2
  cup of sugar. When the mixture is thick and pale yellow, beat in the
  grated orange rind and juice, the almonds, and the almond extract.
  Slowly sift in the flour, while blending with the whisk. In a very
  clean separate bowl with clean beaters, beat the egg whites to soft
  peaks; sprinkle in the 3 tbsp of sugar and continue beating to form
  stiff, shining peaks. Stir a quarter of the egg whites into the
  batter; delicately fold in the rest.
  
  Baking the jelly roll. Immediately turn the batter into the prepared
  pan; bang it lightly but firmly on your work surface to settle it,
  and place it at once in the middle level of the preheated 375 degree
  oven. Bake about 10 minutes, until it has very lightly colored and
  the top is springy-do not overbake or the cake will crack when you
  roll it up.
  
  Cooling and storing. Sprinkle the top of the cake with a 1/16 inch
  layer of confectioner's sugar; cover with a sheet of wax paper and a
  lightly dampened towel. Reverse onto a tray or baking sheet. Then
  whlle the cake is still warm, holding an end of the wax paper, lift
  off the jelly-roll pan. Carefully peel the wax paper off the cake.
  Sift another 1/16-inch layer of sugar over the cake and roll it up in
  the damp towel; place in a plashc bag to keep it from drying out, and
  refrigerate. (The cake must be cold before you fill and frost it.)
  
  ** Ahead-of-time note: The sponge sheet will keep nicely 2 or 3 days
  in the refrigerator or you may freeze it for several weeks -- but to
  prevent its breaking, be sure to let it defrost completely before
  unrolling it.
  
  **  THE MERINGUE BASE-ITALIAN MERINGUE  **
  
  Beat the egg whites in the electric mixer until foaming through out;
  add the salt and cream of tartar and continue beating until soft
  peaks are formed. Turn mixer speed to slow. In a small saucepan bring
  the sugar and 1/2 cup water to the simmer, remove from heat, and
  swirl the pan until the sugar has dissolved completely and the liquid
  is perfectly clear. Cover the pan tightly and boil to the soft-ball
  stage (238 degrees). Using moderately slow speed, gradually whip the
  hot syrup into the egg whites; increase speed to fast and continue at
  high speed for 5 rninutes, until egg whites form stiff shining peaks
  and have completely cooled. Plan to use the meringue promptly.
  
  **  MERINGUE MUSHROOMS  **
  
  Preheat the oven to 200 degrees. Scoop a quarter of the me ringue
  into the pastry bag and squeeze out 8 to 10 half-inch domes on the
  pastry sheet, to serve as mushroom caps. Hold the l/8-inch tube over
  the end of the pastry bag and squeeze out 8 to 10 conical shapes 3/4
  inch high, for the stems. Bake about 1 hour in the middle level of
  the oven, until the meringues push easily off the pastry sheet-they
  should color no more than a darkish cream. Return unused meringue to
  the main mixture. ** Ahead-of-time note: Meringues may be made in
  advance and frozen.
  
  **  The Directions will continue in Part #3  **
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A BUCHE DE NOEL   --   FRENCH YULE LOG CAKE
 Categories: Xmas, Holidays, Cakes, French
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
           This file completes the
           .  directions.
 
  **  THE FILLING AND FROSTING  **
  
  Beat the smoothly melted chocolate into the meringue, along with the
  vanilla, rum, and soft butter. Remove two-thirds of the mixture to a
  bowl and refrigerate; this is the frosting. Beat the additional half
  stick of soft butter into the remaining meringue this is the filling.
  
  **  FILLING THE CAKE  **
  
  Unroll the sponge sheet and slice a quarter inch off the long sides
  so that the cake will roll easily. Spread the filling over the top of
  the sheet. Roll it up from one of the small ends and you have made
  the log shape. Neatly slice a narrow slanting piece from each end of
  the log. With a small knife dig a hole in an upper side of the log
  and insert a piece of the scrap to simulate a bump or a branch. Place
  the log seam-side down on the serving board and slip double sheets of
  wax paper under the edge of each side and the two ends-to catch
  frosting spills.
  
  **  FROSTING THE LOG  **
  
  Beat 2 or more spoonfuls of sifted cocoa into the frosting mixture to
  make it a spreadable consistency. (Reserve 2 spoonfuls of frosting
  for the mushrooms.) Leaving the two ends free, frost the cake using a
  flexible metal spatula, then scumble it with the spatula and a fork
  to give it a rough barklike look.
  
  ** Ahead-of-time note: Refrigerate the log if you are not contin-
  uing; it will keep nicely for a day-if you can find a non-mashing
  cover for it.
  
  **  FINAL DECORATIONS, JUST BEFORE SERVING  **
  
  The mushrooms. With a small knife, pierce a hole in the bottom of each
  meringue mushroom cap, insert a bit of the frosting (or softened
  butter) into the hole and then the pointed end of a meringue stem.
  Arrange the mushrooms in tasteful clusters upon the log and sprinkle
  the log with a dusting of confectioner's sugar to give a snowy
  effect. Dust the tops of the mushrooms with cocoa powder tapped from
  the sieve.
  
  The caramel veil. Bring the sugar to the simmer with the corn syrup
  and one-third cup water in a small saucepan; when the mixture is
  completely dissolved and clear, cover tightly and boil to the caramel
  stage. Let it cool two to three minutes, until it forms thick strands
  when lifted with a fork. Then dip the fork into the syrup and wave it
  over the broomstick, to form long hanging threads of caramel.
  
  The finale. Lift the caramel strands off the broomstick; drape them
  over the yule log. Decorate the serving board with sprigs of holly if
  you wish, and the buche de Noel is ready to serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A CAULDRON OF BEANS
 Categories: Beans, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 md Zucchini, finely diced
      1 md Carrot, finely diced
      1    Potato, finely diced
      1 c  Water
      2 cn Black beans fifteen ounce
      3    Tofu dogs, sliced
    1/4 c  Catsup
 
  In a soup pot, cook zucchini, carrot, and potato in water over medium
  high for 10 minutes or until vegetables are soft. Add beans, tofu
  dogs, and catsup and cook for 15 minutes or until thouroughly heated.
  Per serving: 254 calories(11% from fat). 15g protein, 3g fat, 43g
  carbohydrate, 246 mg sodium, 12g fiber.
  
  We've made this several times now and it is very tasty. A nice cold
  winter evening recipe.
  
  From Veggie Life November 1995. Submitted By SANDRA HOFFMAN
  <GHIDRA@INFOWEB.MAGI.COM> On SAT, 18 NOV 1995 195846 -0500 (EST)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A CHRISTMAS POTPOURRI - VICTORIA MAGAZINE
 Categories: Christmas, Kooknet
      Yield: 6 Cups
 
      3 c  Fresh juniper sprigs
           -with berries
      2 c  Red rosebuds
      1 c  Bay leaves
    1/4 c  Cinnamon chips
      2 tb Cloves
     10    Drops rose oil
      3    Drops pine oil
      6    Drops cinnamon oil
      1 tb Orrisroot chips
      5    Whole dried rose blossoms
      3    Three-inch cinnamon sticks
     20    Assorted pinecones,
           -painted gold
 
  Combine the juniper, rosebuds, bay leaves, cinnamon chips, cloves, and
  cones in a big ceramic bowl. In a separate dish, mix the oils with the
  orrisroot. Stir this mixture into the first one and put into a closed
  container to mellow for a few weeks, stirring occasionally. Place the
  potpourri in a dish and scatter the roses blossoms and cinnamon
  sticks on top.
  
  Victoria/December/90  Scanned & fixed by DP and GG
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A CROQUE MONSIEUR SALAD
 Categories: French, Salads, Pork
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      3 tb Olive oil
  1 1/2 tb Red wine vinegar
           Juice of 1/4 lemon
    1/2 ts Dijon mustard
    1/4 c  Chopped fresh basil OR 1
           -Tbsp crumbled dried
      1 pn Sugar
           Grinding of black pepper
           The Salad:
    1/2 ts Olive oil
    1/2 ts Butter
      3    Cloves garlic, minced
      1 c  Julienne strips cooked ham
  1 1/2 tb Freshly grated Parmesan
           -cheese
      4 c  Mixed greens (spinach, red
           -leaf lettuce, arugula, etc)
           Nasturtium flowers for
           -garnish (optional)
           Croutons
 
  The Lemon-Basil Vinaigrette:
  
  1.  Prepare the vinaigrette:  In a small bowl, whisk together all the
  ingredients until smooth.  Set aside.
  
  2.  Prepare the salad:  In a small skillet, heat the oil and butter
  over low heat.  Add the garlic and saute 10 seconds. Add the ham and
  saute for another 10 seconds. Off the heat, add the grated cheese.
  
  3.  Place the mixed greens in a salad bowl or plate and top with the
  ham mixture.  Garnish with the nasturtium flowers and drizzle the
  vinaigrette on top. Top with croutons. Serve this with a good crusty
  load of French bread and a bottle of dry white French wine.
  
  From:  LEFTOVERS by Kathy Gunst, Harper Perennial, New York. 1991.
  ISBN 0-06-096863-X Shared by: Karin Brewer, Cooking Echo, 9/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A DIFFERENT CORNBREAD
 Categories: Dupree
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
 
      1/4 c  vegetable oil
        2 c  cornmeal mix
    1 1/4 c  milk
        1    egg -- beaten
    1 1/2 ts fennel seed -- cracked
    1 1/2 ts pepper -- cracked
  
  Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Pour the shortening in a 10-inch
  cast-iron skillet. Place the skillet in the hot oven. Place the
  self-rising cornmeal or mix in a bowl and whisk in the milk and egg.
  Add the fennel and pepper and stir until thoroughly blended. Stir the
  hot shortening into the batter, then pour the batter into the hot
  skillet. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, until done. Serve piping hot with
  butter.
  
  Yield: One 10-inch round
  
  Recipe By     : Nathalie Dupree Cooks a Sunday Night Supper. TVFN,
  1996
  
  From: Path <phannema@wizard.Ucr.Edu>  Date: Wed, 9 Oct 1996 15:19:37
  ~0700 (P
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A DIFFERENT MEATLOAF
 Categories: Hamburger, Meats, Beef
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/4 lb Ground chuck
      1    Egg, beaten
    3/4 c  Cheddar, cut in small cubes
           (optional)
      1 sm Onion, chopped
    1/2 md Green pepper, chopped
      1    Stalk celery, sliced thin
           Lots black pepper, freshly
           Ground
           Dash paprika
           Seasoned salt
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/3 c  Breadcrumbs, Italian-style
      3    Slices bacon
 
  Contributed to the echo by: Debra Heng A DIFFERENT MEATLOAF
  (Not-Just-Your-Ordinary!) Combine chuck through seasonings. Add milk
  and breadcrumbs. If necessary, add a little additional milk until it
  just barely keeps together in your hands when you try to pick it up.
  In small open roasting pan, form into oval. Lay strips of bacon on
  top. Bake at 450 for approximately 1 hour, or until bacon is crisp.
  Remove to paper towels to drain before placing on serving platter.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A DIFFERENT RICE SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Rice, Side dish, Vegetables, Mark's
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Brown rice
  1 1/2 c  Water

MMMMM------------------------VINAIGRETTE-----------------------------
      6 tb Vegetable oil
      2 tb Olive oil
      3 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Red wine vinegar
      3 ea Garlic cloves, minced
           Salt & pepper
      1 tb Soy sauce
      1 pn Cayenne, to taste
      1 ts Basil
    1/2 c  Pineapple, chopped

MMMMM-------------------------VEGETABLES------------------------------
      2 ea Scallions, chopped finely
    1/4 md Green bell pepper, diced
    1/4 c  Raisins, optional
      1 md Carrot, julienned
 
  Rinse rice & drain well.  Combine rice & water.  Bring to a boil,
  reduce heat & simmer for 45 minutes, or until the rice is cooked &
  the water has been absorbed.
  
  While the rice is cooking, prepare the vinaigrette. While the rice is
  still hot, stir the rice into the vinaigrette & stir well. Add the
  vegetables & mix. Cover tightly & refrigerate until ready to serve.
  
  VARIATION:  Substitute the lemon juice with orange juice.
  
  Recipe by Mark Satterly
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A DIFFERENT SAUERBRATEN
 Categories: Beef/veal, Germany, German
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Bacon, 4-6 slices
           Beef roast
           Flour
      4 ea Carrots
      4 ea Celery stalks
      3 ea Onions
      8 oz Sour cream
      3 ea Bay leaves
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
  Cook bacon in a large dutch oven and add cleaned veggies (carrots and
  celery cut into two to three pieces per stick and onions cut in half
  and torn apart). Brown veggies thoroughly. Roll roast in flour,salt,
  and pepper mixture.  Add roast to pot and brown. (remove veggies)
  Return veggies to pot and add water to cover. Add bay leaves and
  simmer 3 to 5 hours. Remove roast and bay leaves.  Mix remainder
  (liquid and veggies) in blender with sour cream to desired taste.
  Pour gravy over roast and serve with knodel and rotkohl. Panni brand
  Knodel (potato dumplings) mix can be found in the specialty food
  aisle and is easy to prepare. Enjoy! I'm sure you'll be a great
  success!!! Subj:  A Different Sauerbraten
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A DIFFERENT STEAK AU POIVRE
 Categories: Meats, Beef
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------BARB DAY-------------------------------
      1 lb Top sirloin steak; cut 1"
           - thick, boneless
      2 tb Black peppercorns; crushed
      3 tb Butter; or margarine;
           - divided
    1/4 c  Shallots; or onion, minced
    1/2 ts Hot pepper sauce
      3 tb Gin
 
    Preparation time: 20 minutes
    Cut steak into 4 equal portions, and press the peppercorns evenly
  into both sides.  Heat 1 1/2 tb. butter in a large skillet over
  medium heat until bubbly. Cook steaks 10 to 12 minutes for rare (140
  degrees) or to desired doneness, turning once.  Remove to a warm
  platter.
    Add the shallots to the skillet; cook 2 minutes, stirring
  frequently. Stir in the pepper sauce.  Add the gin; carefully ignite
  with a match. When flames die out, remove from the heat, swirl in
  remaining butter until melted and pour the sauce over the steaks.
    Serving suggestions:  Steamed fresh baby carrots and sugar snap
  peas. (If Densie is coming to dinner, skip the peas!)
  
    Source: Beef Industry Council
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A DILLY-OF-AN-ONION BREAD (A B M)
 Categories: Breads, Breadmakers
      Yield: 1 Loaf-1.75#
 
MMMMM---------------------MM BY IRIS GRAYSON--------------------------
  3 1/2 c  Bread flour
      1 c  Water
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
      3 tb Sugar
      1 tb Dried dill
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      2 ts Salt
      2 ts Paprika
      1 pk Dry yeast
 
  Follow manufacturer's instructions for placing ingredients into bread
  pan; select bake cycle, and start machine. Yield: 1 (1 3/4-pound)
  loaf, 14 servings.
  
  PER SERVING:  calories 137 (16% from fat); protein 3.8g; fat 2.5g (sat
  0.4g, mono 0.65g, poly 1.2g); carb 24.6g; fiber 0.3g; chol 0mg; iron
  1.6mg; sodium 336mg; calc 11mg.
  
  FROM:  COOKING LIGHT magazine, Jan/Feb 1996
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A FANCY CURRY POWDER
 Categories: Spices
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 1/2 ts Fenugreek
      1 ts (about 20 pods) cardamom
           Seeds (cracked with a
           Cleaver to release seeds)
      3 tb Coriander seeds
      1 tb Cumin seeds
      1 tb Mustard seeds
      6    Cloves, whole
      1    3 in cinnamon stick, thin
           And broken into pieces
    1/4 ts Ground mace
    1/4 ts Nutmeg, grated
      1    Big pinch cayenne
      2 tb Turmeric, ground
           Hot pepper, toasted and
           Dried (to taste)
 
  Preheat oven to 225 degree F.
  
  In a small pan, combine fenugreek, cardamom, coriander, cumin and
  mustard seeds, cloves, and broken cinnamon stick. Bake for 15
  minutes, shaking the pan a few times. Let cool.
  
  In bowl, combine the toasted spices with the mace, nutmeg, cayenne,
  tumeric and peppers.  Place in a spice mill and grind to a powder.
  Store in an airtight container.  Makes a 1/2 cup of curry powder.
  
  Recipe:  Chuck Ozburn in Pok, New York
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A GAHNTZE TZIMMES
 Categories: Beef, Jewish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    To 4 lbs boneless brisket
      2 tb Schmaltz (rendered chicken
           -fat)
      3 lg Carrots
    1/2 lb Prunes--pitted
    1/2 lb Dried apricots
      1    Lemon--thinly sliced
      3 lg Sweet potatos
           Juice of 1 orange
      5 c  Boiling water
  1 1/2 tb Brown sugar
      2 tb Flour
 
  Sear meat well in hot fat in a Dutch oven or heavy skillet on top of
  the stove.  Transfer to a roasting pan. Peel carrots and cut in
  1-inch round slices. Place them around the meat. Add prunes, apricots
  and lemon slices. Peel sweet potatos and cut in 1-inch slices. Place
  over meat and fruit in the roaster.
  
  Add orange juice to boiling water.  Combine brown sugar and flour and
  add enough water to make a thin paste. Add this paste to the orange
  juice mixture. Pour over the Tzimmes. If necessary, add more boiling
  water to bring liquid to the top of the tzimmes.
   Cover. Bake at 400 degrees for 1 hour.  Reduce heat to 325 F. and
  continue baking 4 1/2 hours.  Uncover and bake 30 minutes longer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A GARDEN OF SPRING TULIPS CAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Holidays
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 pk Betty Crocker Super Moist
           -lemon cake mix
  1 1/4 c  Water
    1/3 c  Vegetable oil
      3    Eggs
      1    Tub Betty Crocker Creamy
           -Deluxe lemon ready-to-
           -spread frosting
     20    Gumdrop Tulips
           GUMDROP TULIPS:
     10    Green leaf-shaped grumdrops
     20    Green toothpicks
     20 sm Assorted colored gumdrops
 
  Heat oven to 350ø.  Generously grease and flour 2 round pans 8 or 9x
  1 1/2 inches.  Beat cake mix (dry), water, oil and eggs on low speed
  30 seconds. Beat on medium speed 2 minutes. Pour into pans. Bake 25
  to 34 minutes or until cake springs back when touched lightly in
  center. Cool 10 minutes; remove from pans. Cool completely on wire
  rack. Fill layers and frost cake with frosting.  Garnish with Gumdrop
  Tulips.
  
  Gumdrop Tulips:  Cut green gumdrops horizontally in half for leaves.
  Thread 1 leaf half onto middle of each toothpick. Snip bottom of each
  gumdrop 4 times to form tulip petals. Place on end of toothpick.
   Yield: 12 to 16 servings  Typed in MMFormat by cjhartlin@msn.com
  Source: Betty Crocker.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A GLOSSARY OF EDIBLE FLOWERS
 Categories: What
      Yield: 1 Info
 
           None
 
  Anise hyssop: Lilac-coloured blossoms. Strong anise-licorice taste.
  Sweet and tasty. Flavor similar to root beer. Great in salads, sweet
  pastries, butter cookies and as a garnish. Leaves can be used to make
  tea.
  
  Bachelor's buttons:  blue blossoms with fuzzy silver-gray leaves.
  Bland taste.
  
  Bergamot Red, pink, white and violet flowers. Perfumy, tea-like
  taste. Goes nicely with peach desserts.
  
  Borage: Large blue flowers. Cucumber-like flavor. Great in salads,
  dips, fruit compotes and candied for desserts. also known as anchusa.
  
  Calendula: Yellow or gold flowers. Slightly green, tangy, peppery
  taste.. Nice with corn muffins.
  
  Carnations: Pink, yellow, white or red flowers. Bland and sometimes
  bitter flavor.
  
  Chives: Lavender flowers. Mild onion flavor
  
  Chrysanthemums: White, yellow, orange, red, pink and purple flowers.
  Each color has a different flavor, some strong and bitter.
  
  Daisies: White with yellow centres. Mild flavor.
  
  Dandelions: Yellow. Bitter flavor.
  
  Day lilies:  Many shades of orange and yellow. Slightly sweet,
  nut-like flavor. A cross between asparagus and zucchini. Interesting
  with pasta and mushrooms.
  
  Dianthus:  Red, pink or white flowers. Little flavor. Pink variety
  spicy, like cloves.
  
  Geraniums (scented):  Pink, red, white or purple flowers. Flavored
  leaves (rose, lemon, mint, apple and nutmeg). May be slightly sour or
  bitter. A nice addition to cake batter.
  
  Herb flowers: Most popular are chives, rosemary, thyme, oregano,
  marjoram, basil, onion, garlic, cilantro and sage. Recommended for
  salads, atop vegetables, and as a pizza topping.
  
  Johnny jump-ups:  violet, mauve, yellow and white flowers. Light
  winter-green flavor. Great in salads and as garnish for pastry and
  desserts.
  
  Lavender:  purplish flowers. Lemon flavor. Excellent in cream for
  desserts.
  
  Lilacs:  white, violet, blue, pink, white, yellow and magenta flowers.
  Light floral flavor. Can be slightly bitter.
  
  Lovage:  yellow and white flowers. Mild celery flavor.
  
  Marigolds:  yellow, orange and gold flowers. Mild peppery taste. Some
  varieties less intense and bitter. Others citrusy and milder. Goes
  well with mushroom salad.
  
  Mustards:  bright yellow flowers. Hot, pungent mustard flavor. Great
  in salads.
  
  Nasturtiums:  rainbow of colors. Piquant, like watercress. Great in
  salads, salsas, compound butters, vinaigrettes, grilled dishes and
  stuffed with guacamole.
  
  Pansies:  blue, orange and purple flowers. Mild flavor. great as a
  garnish, in salads and for candying.
  
  Rocket:  white with red and pink veins. Less piquant. Smoky, nutty
  flavor. Superb in spring salads.
  
  Rose petals:  white, yellow, orange, pink and red flowers. Sweet to
  bitter. Red flowers have a mineral flavor. Lighter coloured varieties
  are more delicate in taste. Great in jams, sugars, vinegars, syrups,
  jellies and teas.
  
  Safflower:  orange flowers. Slightly bitter in taste. Good in salads,
  cooked in rice or added to pasta as a garnish.
  
  Squash:  orange and yellow flowers. Vegetable flavor with the mild
  taste of raw squash. Great for stuffing, frying or sauteing when
  whole. cut into julienne for pancakes, omelets, soups and salad.
  
  Tulips:  wide variety of colors. Little flavor, slightly sweet or
  bitter.
  
  Violets:  purple flowers. Mild taste (except viola odorata, which is
  sweet). Excellent for candying and as garnishes for desserts and tea
  sandwiches. Good in salads.
  
  Source: The National Culinary Review, June'94
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A GRETE PYE
 Categories: Medieval, Main dish, Meat
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Shortcrust pastry
      1    Egg white, beaten
           Until liquid
      1 lb Boned breasts of chicken
           Pigeon or wild duck and/or
           Saddle of hare or rabbit
           (not stewing meat)
           Salt and black pepper
      1 lb Minced beef
      2 tb Shredded suet
      3    Hard-boiled egg
           Yolks crumbled
    1/4 ts Each ground
           Cinnamon and mace
           And a pinch of ground cloves
      1 oz Stoned cooking dates chopped
      1 oz Currants
      2 oz Stoned prunes soaked
           And drained
    1/2 c  Beef stock
      1 tb Rice flour or cornflour
 
  No Christmas feast in medieval times was complete without a 'grete
  pye'. In some recipes, it could contain many varied meats, but quite
  often only two or three different kinds were suggested; change the
  meats suggested here if you wish. Use just over half the pastry to
  line a 23-cm/9-inch pie plate. Brush the inside with some of the egg
  white. Skin the pieces of breast and other meat if necessary and
  parboil them gently in salted water for 10-15 minutes.  Drain and
  leave to cool. Mix together in a bowl the minced beef, suet, salt and
  pepper to taste, the egg yolks and half the spice mixture. Add the
  rest of the spices to the dried fruit in another bowl. Slice the
  parboiled meat. Pre-heat the oven to 220C/425F/Gas Mark 7. Add 1 or 2
  tablespoons of the beef stock to the rice flour or cornflour in a
  small saucepan and cream them together; then add the remaining stock
  and stir over gentle heat until slightly thickened. Keep aside. Cover
  the bottom of the pastry case with half the mince mixture. Arrange
  the sliced meat in a flat layer on top. Scatter the chopped spiced
  fruit over it and cover with the remaining mince.  Pour the thickened
  stock over the lot. Roll out the remaining pastry into a round to
  make a lid for the pie. Brush the rim of the case with a little more
  egg white and cover with the lid. Press the edges to seal, and make
  escape slits for steam. Decorate with the pastry trimmings and glaze
  with egg white. Bake for 15 minutes, then reduce the heat to
  160C/325F/Gas Mark 3 and bake for 45-50 minutes longer. Serves 6 to
  8. Grete pyes. Take faire yonge beef, And suet of a fatte beste, or
  of Motton, and hak all this on a borde small; and caste therto pouder
  of peper and salt; and whan it is small hewen, put hit in a bolle.
  And medle hem well; then make a faire large Cofyn, and couche som of
  this stuffur in. Then take Capons, Hennes, Mallardes, Connynges, and
  parboile hem clene; take wodekokkes, teles, grete briddes, and plom
  hem in a boiling pot; And then couche al this fowle in the Coffyn,
  And put in euerych of hem a quantite of pouder of peper and salt.
  Then take mary, harde yolkes of egges, Dates cutte in ij peces,
  reisons of coraunce, prunes, hole clowes, hole maces, Canell and
  saffron. But first, whan thoug hast cowched all thi foule, ley the
  remenaunt of thyne other stuffur of beef a-bought hem, as thou
  thenkest goode; and then strawe on hem this: dates, mary, and
  reysons, &c.  And then close thi Coffyn with a lydde of the same
  paast, And putte hit in the oven, And late hit bake ynough; but be
  ware, or thou close hit, that there come no saffron nygh the brinkes
  there-of, for then hit wol neuer close.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A HAPPY HOME RECIPE
 Categories: Diabetic, Main dish, Info/tips
      Yield: 1 Family
 
      4 c  Of love
      2 c  Of loyalty
      3 c  Forgiveness
      1 c  Friendship
      5    Spoons of hope
      2    Spoons of tenderness
      4 qt Of faith
      1    Barrel of laughter
 
  Take love and loyalty, mix them throughly with Faith. Blend it with
  tenderness, kindness and understanding. Add friendship and hope,
  sprinkle abundantly with laughter. Bake it with sunshine. Serve daily
  with generous helpings
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A HEALTHIER PENNE WITH VODKA
 Categories: Pasta, Low-fat
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 oz Absolut Vodka
           Butter-flavored Pam
      1    14 oz. can Plum tomatoes
      4 tb Chopped basil
    1/4 c  Vodka, cheap stuff is okay
      3 tb Non-dairy Fat-Free Coffee
           -Mate
      2 tb Non-fat Cream Cheese
    1/2 lb Penne Pasta
      3 tb Non-fat Cheddar Cheese,
           -shredded
    1/2 ts Crushed Red Pepper Flakes,
           -(1/2 to 1)
 
  Pour Absolut Vodka in a glass and sip while you spray a large
  non-stick skillet with Pam. Add tomatoes and their juices and bring
  to boil, crushing tomatoes with back of spoon. Reduce heat, add
  chopped basil and simmer 15 mins. Season to taste with salt and
  pepper. Add crushed red pepper flakes, Vodka, cream cheese,
  coffee-mate and cheddar cheese. Simmer 3 mins. longer. Cook pasta in
  boiling water until al dente. Drain well and toss with sauce. Serve
  immediately!
  
  If fat grams aren't a problem, substitute cream for coffee-mate.
  Total fat per serving (using liquid coffee-mate) is approx. 2 grams
  
  Posted on Kitmailbox by Penchard@aol.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A JELLIE OF FYSHE
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      8 oz Cod
      3    Scallops
      3 oz Shrimp
      2    Onions sliced
      1 tb White wine vinegar
      1 oz Ginger root, peeled,
           Finely chopped
    1/3 ts Sea salt
    1/4 ts White pepper
      2 c  White wine
      2 c  Water
    3/4 oz Gelatin
 
  Put the codfish (or other white fish) in a pan with the onions,
  vinegar, ginger root, spices, wine and water. Bring it gently to the
  boil and simmer for 10 minutes. Add the scallops and prawns and cook
  for a further 3 minutes. Remove the fish; bone and skin the white
  fish and set it all aside. Strain the cooking juices and set aside to
  cool for several hours by which time a lot of the sediment will have
  settled in the bottom of the bowl. Carefully pour off the juices,
  leaving the sediment, and then strain several times through a clean
  teacloth. You should have appoximately 3 cups of liquid left. Melt
  3/4 oz of gelatin in a little of the liquid, cool it to room
  temperature, then mix it into the rest of the juices. Pour a thin
  layer (1/2 inch) of the juice into the bottom of a 5 cup souffle dish
  or fish mold and put it in the fridge to set. Flake the white fish
  into smallish flakes; remove the coral from the scallops and cut the
  white flesh into three of four pices. Once the jelly is firm, arrange
  the most decorative of the fish in the bottom of the dish-- some
  scallop coral in the middle, prawns around the outsides, flakes of
  white fish in between or however you feel inspired. Spoon a little
  more of the juice and return it to the fridge to set. Continue to
  layer the fish in the mould, setting each layer with a covering of
  juice until you have used up all the fish and juices. Leave the jelly
  to set for at least 4 hours in a fridge. Unmold and decorate with
  fresh herbs; serve as a starter.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A LA RECHERCHE DE L'ORANGE PERDUE
 Categories: Beverages, France, Submitted
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 oz Rum, jamaican, dark
  4 1/2 oz Vermouth, dry, white
    3/4 oz Sweetened Lime Juice
      1 ea Orange; quartered
      1 ea Juice from lime
      5 ds Orange Bitters
    3/4 oz Orange liqueur
      6 ea Ice Cubes
      1 tb Orange Marmalade
 
    Place all ingredients in jar of electric blender and blend 20
  seconds. Strain through a sieve into a pitcher. Cover and refrigerate
  until serving time. Stir before serving, and pour into chilled
  cocktail glasses.
    FROM: Julia Child's "Menu Cookbook" Posted on GEnie's Food & Wine
  RT May 17, 1992 by S.ZENSEN [*Mad*Poster] MM by QBTOMM and Sylvia
  Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253, GT Cookbook echo
  moderator at net/node 004/005, reposted by DonW1948@aol.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A LITTLE SOMETHING EXTRY
 Categories: Meats, Main dish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Coon
           Salt
           Pepper
      3    Garlic cloves, minced
      1    Green pepper, chopped
      6 md Sweet potatoes
           Vinegar
           Water to cover
      1 lg Onion, chopped
           Shortening
           Flour
 
  Dress the meat (hopefully it will come to you this way and you won't
  have to do it yourself).  Soak fore one (1) hour in mild vinegar and
  water to remove the gamey taste; drain. Cut the meat in serving size
  pieces as you would chicken, salt and pepper the meat, cover with
  water. Add the seasoning and boil until partially tender. Remove from
  the heat and drain. Brown the meat in a small amount of shortening
  then place in a roasting pan.  Make a thin brown gravy with flour and
  meat drippings; pour over the meat.  Place peeled sweet potatoes
  around the meat and bake at 350 degrees until the potatoes are done.
  Good luck.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A LUCKY ACCIDENT
 Categories: Soups, Appetizers, Vegetables, Diane's
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      3 sm Carrots, diced
      2 sm Parsnips, diced
      1 md Turnip, cut in chunks
      2 ea Celery stalks, diced
           Celery leaves from
      1 lg Onion, stuck with 2 cloves
      1 cn Tomatoes with liquid
      1 cn Tomato paste
      1 sm Bn flat-leaf parsley
      1 ea Bay leaf
           Fresh rosemary and thyme
           Black peppercorns
 
  Put 3 quarts of water in the bottom of a large stock pot with a pasta
  insert. Add the tomato liquid and tomato paste. Put all of the other
  ingredients in the pasta insert. Bring to a boil over high heat,
  lower the heat, cover and simmer for about 3 hours. Lift out the
  pasta insert, letting out the liquid fall back into the pot. Press
  down on the solids to extract as much liquid as possible and return
  all the liquid to the pot. Discard the solids.
  
  Note: This started out to be vegetable stock to use up some leftover
  stuff I had on hand, but after I strained the stock I decided to use
  it as a cooking liquid for pasta. The pasta thickened and flavored
  the stock to such an extent that I decided to save the leftovers to
  use as a tomato-vegetable soup. I may add some vegetables and small
  pasta to that.
  
  Recipe by Diane Lazarus
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A MASTERPIECE CHEESECAKE
 Categories: D, E, S, S, E
      Yield: 8 -10
 
           Crust:
           2 C. graham cracker crumbs
           1/4 C. melted butter
           1/3 C. powdered sugar
           2 Tbsp. flour
 
  Mix well and pat into greased 9" spring form pan (grease bottom of pan
  only). Place in refrigerator while making filling.
  
  Filling: 1 lb. cream cheese 3 eggs 1/2 C. sugar
  
  Beat well and pour into pie crust. Bake in 350° oven for 20 minutes
  ONLY. Remove and cool. Cake may be decorated with any variety of
  fruits, canned or in season. You can be most innovative with this
  recipe, using coffee, almonds or pumpkin and spices, etc., as the
  spirit moves you.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A MOST EXCELLENT RELISH
 Categories: Relishes, Condiments
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ga Green tomatoes
      1    Dozen
    1/2 c  Salt
        lg Onions
 
  Grind tomatoes and onions together.  Add salt and cover with water,
  let stand 10 minutes.  Drain well. Add:
  
  1 dozen peppers (green and red) 2 hot peppers 1 dozen pickles (canned
  ones can be used) 1 tbsp. celery seed 3 1/2 lb. sugar 1 qt. vinegar
  Cook 15 minutes.  Seal while hot.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A NORWEGIAN COFFEE CAKE  "KRINGLAS"~
 Categories: Breakfast, Ethnic, Desserts, Cakes, Norwegian
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  MARGARINE.
      1 c  SUGAR.
      1 ts VANILLA.
      1    EGG.
      1 c  BUTTERMILK.
      1 ts SODA.
      3 c  FLOUR.
  2 1/2 ts BAKING POWDER.
      1 ts SALT.
 
  Try mixing Vanilla and egg  beat until mixed. Add the Buttermilk and
  the Soda; (I have used 7up) and sift the dry ingredients into this.
  add the rest of the ingredients, mix well. Put the container into the
  refrigerator chill over night. Take out and roll small pieces of the
  dough into long strips, then form them into a figure eight,(like a
  pretzel) put them back into the Refrigerator for about an hour, when
  they have raised to approximately what looks to be the right hight.
  Bake in a 450 deg pre-heated oven for approximately 6 to 8 minutes, (
  May vary with the weather so keep an eye on them).But they should be
  a light brown before you remove them. Refrigeration is one of the
  keys of "KRINGLA" making. They must be refrigerated in order for them
  to get the flavor, you could bake them without refrigeration but you
  lose a lot of the flavor. You can also use. A:  OATMEAL. B: RAISINS.
  C: WHOLE WHEAT. You can fill them with your favorite filling, Cream
  Cheese, Jelly, ETC. you don't need eggs or yeast. They are not too
  sweet, and definitely not Boring like a bagel, (Sorry Bagel lovers,
  VBG). It is a coffee Bread not like Muffins, which are too sweet, and
  also do not have too many calories. This recipe came from a fella
  from the town of LOS OSOS CA He is a out of work Carpenter who
  started baking and selling these wonderful Rolls, He said that this
  is an original recipe that he got from his grandmother, (Yea for the
  Grandmas). Ive tried Nuts, and love the cream Cheese one, You could
  even use Custard Filling, Ive also used Different flavored oils like
  Pure orange oil, Butterscotch, several Berries types. and they turned
  out just great.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A RED CHILI NIGHTMARE
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Pinto beans,dried
      5 c  Water
      2 tb Lard
      1 tb Bacon drippings
      1    Onion
     12 oz Pork sausage,country-style
      1 lb Beef,coarse grind
      4    Garlic cloves
      1 ts Anise
    1/2 ts Coriander seeds
    1/2 ts Fennel seeds
    1/2 ts Cloves,ground
      1    Cinnamon stick,ground,1"
      1 ts Black pepper,freshly ground
      1 ts Paprika
      1    Nutmeg,ground,whole
      1 ts Cumin
      2 ts Oregano,dried,pref. Mexican
      4 tb Sesame seeds
      1 c  Almonds,blanched,skins remov
     12    Red chiles,whole dried or
  1 1/2 c  Chile caribe
  1 1/2 oz Milk chocolate,small pieces
      1 cn Tomato paste(6oz ea)
      2 tb Vinegar
      3 ts Lemon juice
      1    Soft tortilla,chopped
           Salt
 
  1. Place the rinsed beans in a bowl, add 2 to 3 cups of water and soak
  overnight. Check the beans occasionally and add water as necessary to
  keep them moist.
  
  2. Pour the beans and the water in which they were soaked into a heavy
  saucepan and add 2 to 3 more cups of water. Bring to a boil over
  medium-high heat, then lower heat and simmer, partially covered, for
  about 45 minutes, until the beans are cooked but still firm. Check
  occasionally and add water if necessary. Drain the beans, reserving
  the cooking liquid.
  
  3. Melt the lard in a heavy skillet over medium heat. Add the beans
  and lightly fry them in the lard. Set aside.
  
  4. Melt the drippings in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add the
  onion and cook until it is translucent.
  
  5. Combine the sausage and the beef with all the spices up through the
  oregano. Add this meat-and-spice mixture to the pot with the onion.
  Break up any lumps with a fork and cook, stirring occasionally, until
  the meat is very well browned.
  
  6. Add the reserved bean-cooking liquid to the pot. Stir in all the
  remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and cook,
  uncovered, for 1/2 hour longer. Stir occasionally. Add water only if
  necessary to maintain the consistency of a chunky soup.
  
  7. Taste when curiosity becomes unbearable and courage is strong.
  Adjust seasonings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A RED CHILI NIGHTMARE 1
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        1 c  Pinto beans,dried
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A RED CHILI NIGHTMARE 2
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        1 c  Pinto beans,dried
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A SHORTCUT TO SOAP MAKING
 Categories: Info
      Yield: 1 Info
 
      1    Information
 
  If you do not wish to handle lye, do not have wood ashes available,
  or do not have the time to make soap from scratch, you can still make
  homemade soaps.  You can purchase castille granules at most
  drugstores. There is no need to mess with lye when using these
  granules. Since they are actually granulated soap, it is easy to make
  soap from them.
  
  Put the granules into a kettle and add water. Instructions for use
  will probably be on the package. If not, use common sense in adding
  water. (Don't drown the granules.) Heat the mixture at low to medium
  heat and stir it constantly with a large wooden spoon. The granules
  will dissolve. Stir the mixture until it is smooth. Remove it from
  the heat and add any other ingredients or emolients that you want.
  Stir them in well as the soap cools.  Add perfume (if desired) as
  they very last ingredient. Blend it in so that the fragrance will be
  evenly dispersed. Pour the mixture into molds, and let harden. If the
  soap does not set (that is, if the bars do not get hard) reheat the
  mixture, adding more castille granules as necessary. Before it cools
  completely, you will need to add more perfume because reheating the
  mix will release the volatile floral oils, thus destroying them.
  
  SOURCE:  MAKING POTPOURRI, COLOGNES AND SOAPS by David Webb. There
  are also candle, shampoo, bubble bath, deodorant, room freshener,
  perfume, cologne, aftershave, toilet water, sachet and potpourri
  recipes.
  
  Shared by: Fran McGee
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A SIMPLE DRESSING
 Categories: Dressings
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Vinegar
    1/4 c  Oil
    1/2    Lemon -- juice of
      1 sm Onion -- minced
    1/3 c  Ketchup
    2/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Paprika
      1 ts (scant) salt
 
  Beat all ingredients together with a rotary beater or wire beater. Or
  you can put it in a jar, cover and shake well. this is a fine
  dressing to use on lettuce and fresh tomatoes. Many of the recipes in
  this collection did not contain amounts or oven temperatures. I have
  typed them in as they appear in the book, typos and all. Depression
  Era Recipes Patricia R. Wagner ISBN 0-934860-55-6 Entered by Carolyn
  Shaw 5-95
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A SIMPLE POSSET (TLC)
 Categories: None
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    570 ml Full Cream Milk
    250 ml Sweet Sherry
           Soft Brown Sugar
      1    Lemon, Sliced
      1 ts Ground ginger
      1 ts Grated nutmeg
 
  1. Cut the lemon into slices and coat with sugar. 2. Boil the milk
  and when it froths up add the sherry. 3. Strain out the curd and add
  the lemon, ginger and nutmeg.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A SQUID DISH FOR DAYS OF ABSTINENCE--1475
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------SQUID DISH--1475---------------------------
 
   Platina mentions several odd fishes not usually used today as food,
  such as cuttlefish, scorpions, lampreys and sea-lion. But most of his
  fish are still favorites-eels, lobsters, crabs, oysters, sturgeon and
  sturgeon eggs (which he calls caviar),  salmon, sole, etc., and he
  gives a recipe for a Squid Dish for Days of Abstinence. Although
  squid is eaten today in the South of France and Greece, and can be
  found in special fish shops here, I would prefer salmon or halibut.
  But if you hanker for squid, just go ahead with it if you can find
  some, and be sure to have the fish man prepare it for you by removing
  the black liquid from the backbone. A SQUID DISH FOR DAYS OF
  ABSTINENCE--1475 Boil the squid. Crush what is good in a mortar.
  Prepare a paste of almonds with rosewater strained through a sieve;
  or, if you can't provide this, use the juice of peas or white
  chickpeas. Crush together small grapes and five figs. Mix a little
  rock parsley and a little fresh marjoram leaves. Add as much
  cinnamon, ginger and sugar as is necessary. Mix these well with
  whites of eggs so that they will stick together and cook better. With
  the mixture well greased, and with a crust above and beneath, set it
  on the hearth at a little distance from the flame. Sprinkle sugar and
  rosewater on the cooked mixture. This dish assails all the members.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A STEWED PORK & PURPLE SWEET POTATOES
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
    3/4 lb Boneless pork loin, cut,
           -into 1-inch pieces
           Essence
      2 tb Olive oil
      1 c  Chopped onions
    1/2 c  Chopped bell peppers
    1/4 c  Chopped celery
           Salt and black pepper
      2 tb Flour
      1 lb Purple sweet potatoes,,
           -peeled and cubed
      2 c  Veal stock
    1/4 c  Chopped green onions
      1 c  Shredded sweet potato
      2 tb Chopped green onions
      1 tb Brunoise red peppers
 
  In a mixing bowl, toss the pork pieces with Essence. In a large saut_
  pan, heat the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the pork and brown
  evenly. Remove the pork from the pan and set aside. In a mixing bowl,
  season the onions, peppers, and celery with salt and pepper. Stir the
  flour into the oil, stirring constantly for about 4 to 5 minutes, for
  a medium brown roux. Add the onions, peppers, and celery to the roux
  and cook for about 2 to 3 minutes or until slightly wilted. Return
  the pork to the skillet and cook, stirring constantly for 3 to 4
  minutes. Add the sweet potatoes and broth. Bring the liquid up to a
  boil and reduce to a simmer. Cook for 40-45 minutes. Stir in the
  green onions and check seasonings. Make nests with shredded sweet
  potato and fry until crispy. Season with Essence. Spoon the stew into
  a shallow bowl and garnish sweet potato nests, green onions, and
  peppers. Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1
  
  Recipe by: ESSENCE OF EMERIL SHOW#EE2434
  
  From: Meg Antczak <meginny@frontiernet.net>
  
  Date: Wed, 4 Dec 1996 07:57:46 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A TASTY TURKEY LOAF
 Categories: Mixes, Turkey
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 lb Ground turkey
      1 c  Saltine crackers, or more if
           Needed -- crumbled
      2 lg Eggs -- lightly beaten
    1/4 c  Onion -- finely chopped
      1    Env ( 1 1/2 oz.) sloppy joe
           Mix -- any brand
           Salt and white pepper -- to
           Taste
           *******SAUCE*******
    1/2 ts Worcestershire sauce
      2 tb Ketchup
  1 1/2 ts Prepared mustard
      2 tb Light brown sugar -- packed
 
  Preheat the oven to 350 and lightly oil a 9x13-inch baking dish.
  
  In a small bowl, combine the sauce ingredients and set aside.
  
  In a large bowl, combine all the loaf ingredients and mix well. Form
  the mixture into a loaf and place in the baking dish. Brush the sauce
  evenly over the top. Cover the dish with aluminum foil.
  
  Bake for 1 hour or until done. Allow loaf to sit for
       15    minutes before slicing. Recipe By
  : Personal  (4-9-96)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A TO Z OF SPICES (PART 1)
 Categories: Info/tips, Spices
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           No Ingredients
 
  ALLSPICE: These small dark, reddish-brown berries are so called
  because their aroma and flavor resemble a combination of cinnamon,
  cloves and nutmeg. Use berries whole in marinades; for boiling and
  pot roasting meats and poultry; in fish dishes, pickles and chutneys.
  Also available ground and excellent for flavoring soups, sauces and
  desserts.
  
  ANISE: Commonly called asniseed, these small, brown oval seeds have
  the sweet, pungent flavor of licorice. Also available ground. Use
  seeds in stews and vegetable dishes, or sprinkle over loaves and
  rolls before baking. Try ground anise for flavoring fish dishes and
  pastries for fruit pies.
  
  CARAWAY: Small brown, crescent-shaped seeds with a strong liquorice
  flavor and especially delicious as a flavoring in braised cabbage and
  sauerkraut recipes, breads (particularly rye), cakes and cheeses.
  
  CARDAMOM: Small, triangular-shaped pods containing numerous small
  black seeds which have a warm, highly aeromatic flavor. You can buy
  green or black cardamoms although the smaller green type is more
  widely available.
  
  CAYENNE: Orangey-red in color, this ground pepper is extremely hot and
  pungent. Not to be confused with paprika which, although related, is
  mild flavored.
  
  CHILI POWDER: Made from dried red chilies. This red powder varies in
  flavor and hotness, from mild to hot. A less fiery type is found in
  chili seasoning.
  
  CINNAMON & CASSIA: Shavings of bark from the cinnamon tree are
  processed and curled to form cinnamon sticks. Also available in
  ground form. Spicy, fragrant and sweet, it is used widely in savory
  and sweet dishes. Cassia (from the dried bark of the cassia tree) is
  similar to cinnamon, but less delicate in flavor with a slight
  pungent 'bite'.
  
  CLOVES: These dried, unopened flower buds give a warm aroma and
  pungency to foods, but should be used with care as the flavor can
  become overpowering. Available in ground form. Cloves are added to
  soups, sauces, mulled drinks, stewed fruits and apple pies.
  
  CORIANDER: Available in seed and ground form. These tiny, pale brown
  seeds have a mild, spicy flavor with a slight orange peel fragrance.
  An essential spice in curry dishes, but also extremely good in many
  cake and cookie recipes.
  
  CUMIN: Sold in seed or ground. Cumin has a warm, pungent aromatic
  flavor and is used extensively in flavor curries and many Middle
  Eastern and Mexican dishes. Popular in Germany for flavoring
  sauerkraut and pork dishes. Use ground or whole in meat dishes and
  stuffed vegetables.
  
  All spices should be stored in small airtight jars in a cool, dark
  place, as heat, moisture and sunlight reduce their flavor.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A TO Z OF SPICES (PART 2)
 Categories: Info/tips, Spices
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           No Ingredients
 
  FENUGREEK: These small, yellow-brown seeds have a slight bitter flavor
  which, when added in small quantities, is very good in curries,
  chutneys and pickles, soups, fish and shellfish dishes.
  
  GINGER: Available in many forms. Invaluable for adding to many savory
  and sweet dishes and for baking gingerbread and brandy snaps. Fresh
  ginger root looks like a knobby stem. It should be peeled and finely
  chopped or sliced before use. Dreid ginger root is very hard and
  light beige in color. To release flavor, "bruise" with a spoon or
  soak in hot water before using. This dried type is more often used in
  pickling, jam making and preserving. Also available in ground form,
  preserved stem ginger and crystallized ginger.
  
  MACE & NUTMEG: Both are found on the same plant. The nutmeg is the
  inner kernel of the fruit. When ripe, the fruit splits open to reveal
  bright red arils which lie around the shell of the nutmeg - and once
  dried are known as mace blades. The flavor of both spices is very
  similar - warm, sweet and aromatic, although nutmeg is more delicate
  than mace. Both spices are also sold ground. Use with vegetables;
  sprinkled over egg dishes, milk puddings and custards; eggnogs and
  mulled drinks; or use as a flavoring in desserts.
  
  PAPRIKA: Comes from a variety of pepper (capsicum) and although
  similar in color to cayenne, this bright red powder has a mild flavor.
  
  PEPPER: White pepper comes from ripened berries with the outer husks
  removed. Black pepper comes from unripened berries dried until dark
  greenish-black in color. Black pepper is more subtle than white. Use
  white or black peppercorns in marinades and pickling, or freshly
  ground as a seasoning. Both are available ground. Green peppercorns
  are also unripe berries with a mild, light flavor. They are canned in
  brine or pickled, or freeze-dried in jars. They add a pleasant, light
  peppery flavor to sauces, pates and salad dressings. Drain those
  packed in liquid and use either whole or mash them lightly before
  using. Dry green peppercorns should be lightly crushed before using
  to help release flavor, unless otherwise stated in a recipe.
  
  POPPY SEEDS: These tiny, slate-blue seeds add a nutty flavor to both
  sweet and savory dishes. Sprinkle over desserts and breads.
  
  SAFFRON: This pice comes from the stigmas of a species of crocus. It
  has a distinctive flavor and gives a rich yellow coloring to dishes,
  however, it is also the most expensive spice to buy. Available in
  small packets or jars (either powdered or in strands - the strands
  being far superior in flavor). This spice is a must for an authentic
  paella or Cornish Saffron Cake. Also an extremely good flavoring for
  soups, fish and chicken dishes.
  
  SESAME SEEDS: High in protein and mineral oil content, sesame seeds
  have a crisp texture and sweet, nutty flavor which combines well in
  curries and with chicken, pork and fish dishes. Use also to sprinkle
  over breads, cookies and pastries before baking.
  
  STAR ANISE: This dried, star-shaped seed head has a pungent, aromatic
  smell, rather similar to fennel. Use very sparingly in stir-fry
  dishes. Also good with fish and poultry.
  
  TURMERIC: Closely related to ginger, it is an aromatic root which is
  dried and ground to produce a bright, orange-yellow powder. It has a
  rich, warm, distinctive smell, a delicate, aromatic flavor and helps
  give dishes an attractive yellow coloring. Use in curries, fish and
  shellfish dishes, rice pilafs and lentil mixtures. It is also a
  necessary ingredient in mustard pickles and piccalilli.
  
  All spices should be stored in small airtight jars in a cool, dark
  place, as heat, moisture and sunlight reduce their flavor.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A TRADITIONAL SIDE DISH
 Categories: Digest, Indian
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Tomato, cubed
      1    Red onion, sliced thin
      1    Fresh hot, or mildly hot
           Pepper, sliced
      1 ea Ginger (some matchstick
           Slices)
      1 ea Fresh lemon juice
      1 ea Salt to taste
 
  In a bowl add the veggies, some salt and squeeze lemon juice into the
  bowl. cover. let stand in fridge for at least 1/2 hour before serving.
  
  tastes great with channa masala and roti or as the prime "chutney"
  with aloo paranthas.
  
  Posted by Rooprai to AOL.
  
  From the recipe files of Sue Smith, SueSmith9@aol.com. Formatted using
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A TRIO OF PIZZAS ABM
 Categories: Italian, Main dish, Kooknet, Cyberealm
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------PESTO DOUGH-----------------------------
      2 tb Pesto Sauce
  1 1/4 c  Water; (or more if needed)
    1/3 c  Olive Oil
      3 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Cornmeal
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Yeast

MMMMM-------------------SUN-DRIED TOMATO DOUGH------------------------
      5    Oil-Packed Sun-Dried
           -Tomatoes with Oil
      2 tb Sun-Dried Tomato Paste
  1 1/4 c  Water; (or more)
    1/3 c  Olive Oil
      3 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Cornmeal
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Yeast

MMMMM------------------------GARLIC DOUGH-----------------------------
      2 tb Garlic Paste
  1 1/4 c  Water; (or more)
    1/3 c  Olive Oil
      3 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Cornmeal
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Yeast

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPINGS-------------------------------
           Pizza Sauce
    1/2 c  Parmigiano-Reggiano Cheese;
           -grated
 
  Place desired dough ingredients in machine and program for knead and
  first rise. Press start. Dough will be soft at first but become
  firmer. Preheat the oven to 500øF with the rack in the center
  position. Turn 17 x 11" pan upside down. Spray with vegetable cooking
  spray. Cut dough in half and cover remaining half with a clean towel.
  Place the other half on the prepared pan and use rolling pin to roll
  the dough evenly to the edge. Have a friend hold the pan or place a
  wet towel underneath. Spread with sauce and sprinkle with cheese.
  Bake for 8 to 10 minutes.
  
  Source: Pizza Etc. From Your Bread Machine Typed by Meg Antczak, Fido
  Cooking Conference 07-19-95 Revised for Meal-Master Format by
  Katherine Smith
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A VARIATION ON THE THEME OF PASHKA
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      4    8 oz. pkgs cream cheese
      1 c  (2 sticks) butter
      3    Egg yolks
      2 c  Sifted powdered sugar
      2 ts Vanilla extract
      1 c  Toasted, slivered almonds
      2 pt (or 3) fresh or frozen
           Strawberries
 
  Let cream cheese, butter and egg yolks stand at room temperature at
  least 2 hours.  Beat cheese in a mixing bowl with a wooden spoon or
  blend at low speed in electric mixer. Add butter and continue
  beating. When well blended, add sugar, then egg yolks, one at a time.
  Add vanilla and fold in almonds.
  
  Wash and dry the inside of a Pashka mold or a new 2 quart clay or
  plastic flowerpot with drain holes in the bottom. Line the pot with a
  double thickness of cheesecloth wrung out in cold water. Spoon cheese
  mixture into the pot to the brim.  Cover with plastic wrap and
  refrigerate several hours or overnight on a plate.
  
  To unmold, trim around and discard top of the cheesecloth. Invert a
  dessert plate over the opening of the flowerpot and quickly turn the
  whole thing upside down.  Place on table and gently lift off pot,
  tugging at the cheesecloth lining if necessary.   When the pot is
  clear, gently remove the cheesecloth.
  
  Garnish the base and top of the Pashka with whole strawberries and
  strawberry halves.  Serve with additional crushed, sweetened
  strawberries as a sauce. You may add some brandy or liqueur to the
  sauce if you wish.
  
  RECIPE FROM: NEWMAN'S OWN COOKBOOK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A VERY TASTY CHILI RECIPE
 Categories: Beef, Meats, Soups/stews
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3    Dried Red New Mex Chiles
      2    Chipotles
      1    Habanero
      4    Cloves Garlic
      1 ts Ground Cumin
      1 ts Dried Origano
      1 tb Vegetable Oil
      1 lg Onion -- chopped
    1/2 lb Minced Beef
     15 oz Can
     15 oz Can
           Tomatoes
           Kidney Beans
 
  Cut the tops off the dried chiles.  Toast them in a hot frying pan
  for a few minutes until fragrant and then soak them in hot water for
  20 minutes. Liquidise them with some of the soaking water. Roughly
  chop the habanero and the garlic and add them to the liquidiser along
  with the cumin and origano. Puree some more.
  
  Heat the oil in a saucepan and fry the onion until softened. Add the
  meat and cook until browned. Add the chile puree, tomatoes and beans.
  Cover and simmer for at least half an hour. Uncover, raise the heat a
  little and allow the excess liquid to evaporate (about
       10    minutes).
  
  Serve it any way you fancy
  
  Recipe By     : Piers Thompson <pjt1@SCIGEN.CO.UK>
  
  From: Meg Antczak                     Date: 04-11-96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A WORKING MAN'S CHILI
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           -Olive oil
      1 lb Ground round beef
      1 c  Green pepper, diced
    1/2 c  Celery, diced
      1 md Onion, chopped
      1 lg Clove garlic, minced
    1/2 c  Black olives (extra large),
           -chopped
      1 cn 15 ounce kidney beans
      1 cn 11 ounce stewed tomatoes
      2 tb Brown sugar
      1 tb Chili powder
      1 tb Cumin
      1 ea Chili pepper, minced
      2 tb Oregano vinegar
      1 c  Water
 
  1.  Saute ground round in a little olive oil, drain, set aside. Saute
  bell peppers, diced celery, onion, garlic till tender. Add remaining
  ingredients, except the cup of water.
  
  2.  Let simmer for approximately 15 minutes, add water and continue to
  simmer another 15 minutes.  (Can adjust amount of water to whatever
  consistency preferred.
  
  NOTE:  The oregano vinegar is made by steeping fresh oregano in white
  vinegar for at least 10 days, longer is better.
  
  NOTE:  Chili Pepper; From a can of Chiles Chipotles Adobados plus 1
  tablespoon sauce. From: Michelle Bass Date: Fri, 01-2
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A WORKING WOMAN'S CHILI
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           -Olive oil
      1 lb Ground round beef
      1 c  Green pepper, diced
    1/2 c  Celery, diced
      1 md Onion, chopped
      1 lg Clove garlic, minced
    1/2 c  Black olives (extra large),
           -chopped
      1 cn 15 ounce kidney beans
      1 cn 11 ounce stewed tomatoes
      2 tb Brown sugar
      1 tb Chili powder
      1 tb Cumin
      1 ea Chili pepper, minced
      2 tb Oregano vinegar
      1 c  Water
 
  1.  Saute ground round in a little olive oil, drain, set aside. Saute
  bell peppers, diced celery, onion, garlic till tender. Add remaining
  ingredients, except the cup of water.
  
  2.  Let simmer for approximately 15 minutes, add water and continue to
  simmer another 15 minutes.  (Can adjust amount of water to whatever
  consistency preferred.
  
  NOTE:  The oregano vinegar is made by steeping fresh oregano in white
  vinegar for at least 10 days, longer is better.
  
  NOTE:  Chili Pepper; From a can of Chiles Chipotles Adobados plus 1
  tablespoon sauce. From: Michelle Bass Date: Fri, 01-2
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A&W ROOT BEER
 Categories: Top secret, More
      Yield: 5 Cups
 
    3/4 c  Granulated Sugar
    3/4 c  Hot Water
      1 l  Cold Seltzer Water
    1/2 ts Plus 1/8 t root beer-
           Concentrate (McCormick is-
           Best)
 
  1.  Dissolve the sugar in the hot water. 2. Add the root beer
  concentrate and let cool. 3. Combine the root beer mixture with the
  cold seltzer water, drink immediately, or store in fridge in tightly
  covered container.
  
  The root beer you'll make here is a simplified version of Roy Allen's
  method from the early 1900's.  Instead of harvesting roots, herbs, and
  berries, you have the luxury of using a root beer concentrate that
  can be found in most grocery stores. In 1922 Allen expanded his
  business, he formed a partnership with entrepreneur Frank Wright.
  This led to the name that would become famous, A&W, the country's
  best-selling root beer.
  
  Source:  More Top Secret Recipes        by:  Todd Wilbur
  
  Typos by:  Kathleen Pickell                   96MAY17
  :          http://www.cyberspc.mb.ca/~pickell/recipe.ht l
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A-1 CARIBOU STEAK
 Categories: Game, Caribou, Steak, Jw
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 lb Caribou steak
      4 tb Butter; divided
      1 sm Onion; chopped
      2 tb Sherry
      1 tb Worcestershire
      3 tb A-1 steak sauce
      1 tb Chopped chives
      1 tb Chopped parsley
           Salt & pepper
      2 tb Brandy
 
  Cook onions in 2 tbsp butter until golden.  Pound steak to tenderize
  and sear over high heat in butter & onion, about 2 min on each side.
  Add sherry, A-1, 2 tbsp butter, Worcestershire, chives, parsley,
  pepper and salt. Reduce heat to med and cook for 3-4 mins per side.
  Add brandy, bring to the table, flame and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A-2 STEAK SAUCE
 Categories: Barbeque, Sauces
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Dark molasses
      2 ea Green onions, chopped
      3 tb Coarse Salt
      3 tb Mustard Dry
      1 ts Paprika
    1/4 ts Cayenne
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
      6 tb Tamarind extract
      1 tb Kitchen Boquet
      1 ts Pepper, black
    1/2 ts Fenugreek (Greek Hay)
    1/2 ts Ginger
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Cloves, ground
    1/2 ts Cardamom seeds
    1/4 ts Tobasco sauce
      6 oz Rhine wine
      2 oz Red wine
      1 pt Vinegar, white
      1 ea Caramel coloring as desired
 
  Run all non liquid ingredients through a spice blender until they are
  a fine powder.
  
  Place over low heat with half of  vinegar and simmer 1 hour. Add the
  rest of the vinegar a little at a time. Stir in tobasco, wines,
  kitchen bouquet and coloring. Cook 3 minutes to dissolve. Remove from
  heat.
  
  Pour into crock and let stand covered for 1 week. Strain through
  cheesecloth six times.
  
  Keeps refrigerated, also freezes very well.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  NOTES : MasterCook formatted by: Garry Howard, Cambridge, MA
  g.howard@ix.netcom.com http://members.aol.com/garhow
  
  From: Carey Starzinger - BBQ Mailing List Visit Carey's Hot and Spicy
  Cooking Page http://www.teleport.com/~cstarz/
  
  Recipe By     : Carey Starzinger - BBQ Mailing List
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A-MAIZE-ING CHOWDER
 Categories: Soups, Low-fat, Lunch
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Sliced leek or onion
      1 c  Sliced carrot
      1 sm Baking potato cubed
      1 c  Defatted chicken broth
      2 c  Evaporated skim milk
      1 c  Frozen whole kernel corn
      2 tb Chopped parsley
           Salt & pepper to taste
 
  1. In medium saucepan, combine leek, carrot and potato with chicken
  broth. 2. Cover and simmer 10 minutes or until vegetables are tender.
  3. Puree then add milk and corn. Heat without boiling, to serving
  temperature. 4. Season to taste with salt and pepper. 5. Serve
  sprinkled with parsley.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A. B. C. BROWNIES
 Categories: Brownies
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 c  Brown sugar -- packed
    1/2 c  Almonds -- coarsely chop
      2    Eggs -- beaten
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 c  Chocolate chips
  1 1/2 c  Flour
 
  Melt butter in saucepan. Stir in brown sugar. Bring to a boil; turn
  off heat. Cool for 5-10 minutes. Rapidly stir in eggs, being careful
  not to cook them. A dd vanilla. In bowl, combine flour and baking
  powder. Stir into sugar-egg mix. Pour into a greased 8" square pan.
  Sprinkle with almonds and chocolate chips. Bake at 375~ for 20
  minutes. Called ABC Brownies for (A) almonds, (B) butters cotch
  flavored blond brownie, (C) chocolate chips.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Kmeade@ids2.Idsonline.Com (The Medate: Wed, 03 Jan 1996 11:24:29
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A.C.'S POTATO ROLLS
 Categories: Creole, Breads
      Yield: 72 Servings
 
      1 pk Active dry yeast
    1/2 c  Water,warm(105-115'F.)
      1 c  Milk,scalded
      1 c  Potatoes,mashed
    2/3 c  Vegetable shortening
      2 ts Salt
      2    Eggs,well beaten
      8 c  Flour,all-purpose
           Butter,melted
 
  1. Soften yeast in water.
  
  2. Place potatoes, sugar, shortening and salt in large bowl; stir in
  scalded milk.
  
  3. Let cool to lukewarm; add eggs and yeast; mixing well.
  
  4. Sift about 6 cups flour into mixture; stir until dough is stiff
  enough to knead.
  
  5. Turn out onto lightly floured surface; knead, gradually adding
  flour until dough doesn't stick to hands and is smooth and elastic.
  
  6. Shape dough into ball; place in greased bowl; turning dough to
  bring greased surface to top.
  
  7. Cover with towel; let stand in warm, draft-free place until
  doubled.
  
  8. Shape dough into rolls; place in greased muffin cups and let rise
  until double.
  
  9. Bake in preheated 400'F. oven 15 to 20 minutes; cool on racks.
  
  10. Brush tops with melted butter.
  
  NOTE: For interesting variations, use mashed sweet potatoes or squash
  instead of regularpotatoes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A.J.'S SOUTHWESTERN MEATLOAF
 Categories: Main dish, Meats
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lb Lean ground beef
    1/4 c  Onion, chopped
    1/8 c  Green pepper, chopped
      1 ts Salt
      1 ds Cayenne pepper
    1/2 c  Frozen whole-kernal corn
      2    Green onions, chopped
      1 ts Southwest Seasoning's Ajo
           - Picante seasoning **
    1/2 c  Plain bread crumbs
      2 lg Eggs
    1/2 c  Pace Picante sauce
  2 1/2 tb Green chilis, chopped
      1 c  Monterey Jack cheese,
           - shredded
    1/4 c  Black olives, sliced
      1 c  Chili sauce
 
  ** I used 1 teaspoon of Schilling Mexican seasoning as a substitution
  for the Ajo Picante seasoning -- it tasted just fine. **
  
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl, combine the ground beef,
  onion, green pepper, garlic, salt, cayenne pepper, frozen corn, green
  onion, Ajo Picante seasoning, bread crumbs, eggs, picante sauce, green
  chilies, cheese, olives and chili sauce. Mix well with your hands.
  Place into a greased 9- by 5-inch loaf pan and bake for about 1 to 1
  1/2 hours, until meat is no longer pink and juices run clear.
  
  Chef Ernest Muniz Treet's Deli, Phoenix, Arizona. (c) Arizona
  Republic, 6/5/96.
  
  Hunt and pecked by John Blackwell, Taylorsville, Utah,
  scooter@xmission.com.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A.J.FOYT'S 500-MILE CHILI
 Categories: Chili, Meats
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lb Stewing beef, cubed
      1 lb Chorizo(Spanish sausage)
      2 x  Large onions, diced
      5 x  Cloves garlic, minced
      3 x  Jalapeno pepper,peel+diced
      3 tb Olive oil
    1/2 ts Cayenne
      3 tb Chili powder
      3 cn Tomato sauce (15-oz each)
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Water
      1 cn Mexican beer
 
  Brown Meat, onions, garlic and jalapenos together in olive oil. While
  mixture is browning, add cayenne and chili powder. Stir often. Add
  tomatoe sauce, salt, water and beer. Cover and cook on low heat for
  30 minutes, stirring often. Uncover and simmer for 2 hours. Serves
  6-8.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: A.M. DELIGHT MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Muffins
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      2 c  All-purpose flour
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 ts Baking soda
  1 1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
      3    Eggs
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Milk
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla extract
      2 c  Peeled apples; chopped
      2 c  Carrots; grated
    1/2 c  Flaked coconut
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Sliced almonds
 
  In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking soda, cinnamon and
  salt. In another bowl, beat eggs; add oil, milk and vanilla. ix well;
  stir into dry ingredients just until moistened. Fold in the remaining
  ingredients. Fill greased of paper lined muffing cups three-fourths
  full. Bake at 375 degrees for 20-25 minutes or until muffins test
  done.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AAKTAY
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------KLINGON STEAMED BREAD------------------------
      1 c  White cornmeal
      1 c  Whole wheat flour
    1/2 c  All-bran cereal
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ginger
    3/4 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 c  Walnuts, chopped
    1/2 c  Dates, chopped
    2/3 c  Powdered skim milk
  1 1/2 c  Buttermilk
    1/2 c  Honey
    1/2    Orange; unpeeled
      1 c  Rhubarb; chopped
           Margarine; to grease cans
      2    37 oz empty cans
 
   Mix together in a bowl all the dry ingredients including dates and
  walnuts (leave out only the buttermilk, honey, orange half and
  rhubarb). Put the buttermilk and the honey in the blender. Wash an
  orange, cut off any price or brand marks and cut it in half. Cut the
  orange half into chunks and add it to the blender, being sure that
  you have removed all the seeds. Run the blender until the orange
  chunks are chopped into little bits. Now add the buttermilk mixture,
  along with the rhubarb chunks, to the dry ingredients and mix well.
   Pour immediately into greased cans, filling each can no more than
  two-thirds full. Cover the filled cans with aluminum foil, and secure
  the foil with a rubber bands. Place them in a large pot, on some kind
  of a rack so they are not touching the bottom of the pot. Pour in hot
  water until the bottom 2 inches of the cans are covered. Bring to a
  boil and keep the water boiling gently for about 1 1/2 hours.
   The pot should be covered and there should be a little steam
  escaping at all times. Check the pot occasionally to make sure that
  there is enough water left.
   At the end of 1 1/2 hours, check with a skewer, right through the
  foil. If it does not come out clean, cook for another half hour and
  recheck. When the loaves are done, take the "hot" cans out of the
  pot. When you are ready to serve, uncover a mold, shake the loaf out
  onto a breadboard and slice it. Serve warm with butter or cream
  cheese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AAM LHASSI
 Categories: Beverages, Indian, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Diced fresh mango
    1/2 c  Orange juice; chilled
      3 tb Clear honey
      2 c  Rich milk; chilled
      1 pn Garden rose petals, optional
 
  Combine mango, orange juice & sweetener in food processor. Blend for
  1 1/2 minutes.
  
  Pour milk into processor & process till it has expanded & become
  frothy. Add the mango puree. Process for about 1 minute. Pour into
  chilled glasses. Garnish with the rose petals if so desired. Serve
  immediately.
  
  From: MARK SATTERLY
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AAPARAGUS WITH BACON
 Categories: Diabetic, Vegetables, Side dish, Meats
      Yield: 4 Sweet ones
 
  1 1/2 lb Asparagus;* cut diagonally
           -into 1" pieces
     10 oz (2 pkg) frozen apaparagus;
      2 tb Fresh parsley; snipped
      2 tb Lemon juice;
    1/4 ts Salt;
      2 sl Bacon; fried and chopped
 
  * 2 PACKAGES (10 oz) frozen cut asparagus can be substitued for the
  fresh asparagus.  Cook as directed on package; drain.
  
  Place steamer basket in 1/2" water in saucepan or skillet (water
  should not touch the bottom of basket). Place lower stalk pieces in
  basket. Cover tightly and heat to boiling; reduce heat. Steam 4
  minutes. Add tips. Cover tightly and steam until crisp-tender, 4 to 5
  minutes longer. Toss asparagus with parsley, lemon juice and salt.
  Sprinkle with bacon.
  
  MICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:  Place asparagus, 1/2 cup water and 1/4
  teaspoon salt in 1 1/2-quart microwable casserole. Cover tightly and
  microwave on high(100% depending how powerful the microwave is) 3
  minutes, less if very powerful( my microwave is an older one..in fact
  20 years); stir. Cover and microwave until crisp-tender, 2 to 3
  minutes longer. Let stand 1 munites; drain.  Continue as directed.
  Serving size 3/4 cup. Food Exchanges per serving: 1 VEGETABLE
  EXCHANGES + MAYBE 1/2 HIGH-FAT MEAT EXCHANGE; CAL: 75; (Bacon listed
  as Saturated Fat, but we wouldn't use it anyhow would we).
  
  Source: Betty's Crocker's New American Cooking by WHOM(1983) Brought
  to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AARGAU (CARROT CAKE)
 Categories: Switzerland, Cakes, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
      5 ea Egg; separated
    275 g  Sugar, granu;ated
      1 ea Lemon; juiced
      2 ea Lemons; zest, grated
    250 g  Almonds; ground
    300 g  Carrots; finely grated
     75 g  Cornflour
      1 pn Cinnamon, ground
      1 pn Cloves, ground
     10 g  Baking powder
     50 ml Kirsch
      1 pn Salt

MMMMM--------------------------GLAZING-------------------------------
     50 g  Apricot jelly
           Fondant icing
           Marzipan carrots
 
    The Story: The cultivation of vegetables in Aargau is one of the
  main reasons for the existence of a thriving canning/bottling
  industry. In this area, the carrot is the Queen of all vegetables and
  it has attributes which allow it to be used everywhere, even in
  desserts.
    This carrot cake is now a Swiss classic, its reputation having been
  extended long ago far beyond the borders of the canton. Some maintain
  that the cake is better two days after baking as the carrots keep it
  moist.
    The Recipe: Beat together the egg yolks, sugar, lemon juice and
  lemon zest, until light. Add the finely grated carrots and the
  almonds.
    Mix in the cornflour, cinnamon, ground cloves and baking powder.
  Then add the kirsch. Mix or beat until smooth. Beat the egg whites
  until stiff and carefully fold in.
    Butter a tin (24 cm diameter, 5 cm high), dust with flour. Turn the
  mixture into the tin. Bake in the oven for 50 ... 60 minutes at 180
  oC. When cooked, brush the cake with a hot apricot glaze and thin
  fondant icing. Decorate with small marzipan carrots.
    Culinary Art and Traditions of Switzerland, Pro Gastronomia, 1992
  Typed for you by Rene Gagnaux @ 2:301/212.19 (or 2:301/707.20)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AARON TIPPIN'S HILLBILLY CHILI
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lb Lean ground beef
           Salt and pepper to taste
      4 cn Tomatoes; crushed
      4 cn Pinto beans
      1    Chili seasoning
           Chili powder to taste
           Jalapeno pepper juice to
           Taste
      1 tb To 2 tb vinegar
 
  Brown ground beef in large saucepan, stirring until crumbly; drain.
  Season with salt and pepper. Add tomatoes and beans. Cook over medium
  heat until bubbly. Add chili seasoning, chili powder, and pepper
  juice. Simmer, covered, for 30 minutes. Stir in vinegar to bring out
  the flavor of the spices just before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AARONSON CORN MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Nw
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------SUSAN AARONSON PSTT79C------------------------
  1 1/3 c  Flour
    2/3 c  Cornmeal
    1/2 c  Sugar
      3 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
        pn Salt
      1 c  Sour cream
      3    X-lg eggs
      5 tb Butter; melted
     12 oz Can Green Gian Mexicorn;optl
    1/2 c  Bacon; coarsely chopped
           Cupcake papers
 
  I like to add the Mexicorn and bacon to this recipe. It certainly does
  enhance the flavor, but if you want plain corn muffins, you can
  certainly omit these 2 ingredients. Preheat oven to 400~. You'll need
  either one or two 12 unit muffin tins, lined with cupcake papers.
  Whisk the dry ingredients together, throughly, in a bowl and set
  aside. Whisk the sour cream, eggs amd melted butter together until
  well-blended. Make a well in the dry ingredients, pour in
  cream/butter/egg mixture and if you're adding the corn and bacon, add
  them now. Using a spatula, fold the ingredients together, just until
  combined--DON'T OVERMIX. Spoon the mixture into the lined muffin
  tins, filling them evenly, about 3/4 full. Bake for 20-25 minutes,
  testing until a wooden pick comes out clean. Let me know if these
  muffins are what you're looking for.  I have more recipes if they're
  not. Enjoy.......Susan MM Format Norma Wrenn npxr56b
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AB FAB ARTICHOKE DIP/SANDWICH FILLING (OVO LA
 Categories: Digest, Dec.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pk Frozen artichoke hearts
        x  Italian herbs
        x  Balsamic vinegar
        x  1 t olive oil
      1    Onion, chopped fine
      3    Garlic cloves Peeled and
           Squinched up into little
           Pieces
      1 lg Package of mushrooms,
           Sliced
    1/2 c  Or so f/f parmesan cheese
      2    Spoonsfuls of f/f mayo and
           F/f sour cream.
      1 ds Worcestershireshshchestshire
           (you know what I mean)
 
  Marinate artichoke hearts with italian herbs and some balsamic
  vinegar. I myself add a teaspoon or so of olive oil (someone will be
  coming to measure me now, I'm sure).
  
  Stir artichoke hearts and rest of ingredients together. DON'T put in
  so much white stuff that it is too moist because the mushrooms will
  release moisture and then it will get gross.
  
  Bake at 350 for about 30 minutes in a French White Corning Ware
  casserole. If you put it in anything else it will explode.
  
  This is great as a dip, or in a pita sandwich.  I hope you like it,
  and I promise not to post too often until I actually learn to measure
  and write :-)
  
  Posted by Cynthia Barnes <cbarnes@bigcat.missouri.edu> to Fatfree
  Digest [Volume 13 Issue 13]
  
  FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used
  with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABADOO'S BANANA BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
  1 3/4 c  ALL-PURPOSE FLOUR
      2 ts BAKING POWDER
    1/4 ts SODA
    3/4 ts SALT
    1/3 c  SHORTENING
    2/3 c  SUGAR
      3    EGGS
      1 c  BANANAS(ABOUT 2 OR 3 MEDIUM)
 
  COMBINE FLOUR, BAKING POWDER, BAKING SODA AND SALT AND SET ASIDE. IN
  LARGE MIXING BOWL ADD SHORTENING, SUGAR AND BANANAS; MIX WELL. ADD
  FLOUR MIXTURE 1/2 CUP AT A TIME UNTIL WELL BLENDED. BEAT EGGS IN A
  SEPARATE BOWL; THEN FOLD INTO THE MIXTURE.  BAKE IN 350 DEGREE OVEN
  FOR 50 MINUTES IN 8X4X2-1/2 GREASED PAN.  MAKES 1 LOAF.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABADOO'S GRANOLA
 Categories: Snacks
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  ROLLED OATS
      1 c  SHREDDED COCONUT,OPTIONAL
    1/2 c  ALMONDS, CHOPPED
    1/2 c  SESAME SEED
    1/2 c  WHEAT GERM
    1/2 c  HONEY
    1/4 c  COOKING OIL
      1 c  CURRANTS OR RAISINS
    1/4 c  DATES
      2 tb MOLASSES
 
  COMBINE ALL INGREDIENTS EXCEPT FOR FRUITS IN 13X9X2-INCH PAN. BAKE AT
  300 DEGREES FOR 45 MINUTES AND STIR EVERY 15 MINUTES. REMOVE FROM
  OVEN; STIR IN FRUITS AND REMOVE TO ANOTHER PAN TO COOL.  STIR OFTEN
  TO PREVENT LUMPING WHILE IT COOLS.  STORE IN PLASTIC BAGS. MAKES
  ABOUT 7 CUPS.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABADOO'S WALNUT BREAD FOR BREAD MAKERS
 Categories: Breads, Appetizers
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      5 oz WATER (150 ML)
      1    EGG, SMALL
    1/4 c  ALL-PURPOSE FLOUR
  1 3/4 c  BREAD FLOUR
      2 tb NONFAT DRY MILK POWDER
      2 tb SUGAR
      1 ts SALT
      3 tb BUTTER
  1 1/2 ts DRY YEAST
    1/4 c  WALNUTS, CHOPPED
 
  PLACE ALL INGREDIENTS IN THE ORDER LISTED IN THE BREAD MAKER. USE
  SWEET MODE FOR THIS BREAD.  BREAD MAKER CANNOT BE PUT ON TIMER MODE.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABALONE MEUNIERE MANDARIN
 Categories: Chinese, Seafood, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      5    (7 1/2-ounce) cans Mexican
           -abalone
      8 oz Shrimp
      4 oz Fat pork
      4 oz Water chestnuts, minced
        pn Chives
           Ginger water, to taste (see
           -note)
           Salt and MSG
      1 oz Maize (corn) flour
      4 oz Chive and ginger oil
           -(see note)
      2 oz Flour
      3    Eggs, beaten
    5/8 oz Shaoxing wine
      6 oz Chicken stock
 
  The following four recipes are from a Chron article called "Foreign
  Intrigue" by Alice Cuneo that featured recipes from various
  consulates in the City.  This first one is from the Consulate of the
  People's Republic of China.  It's a sophisticated (but uncomplicated)
  banquet dish featuring abalone, shrimp and porkfat.
  
  Abalone stuffed with minced shrimp, from Shen Xuliang of the Chinese
  consulate.
  
  Trim the abalone, removing rough parts, and cut into flat rounds. Chop
  shrimp and fat pork to a paste consistency; stir in the water
  chestnuts, chives and ginger water. Season with salt and MSG.
  
  Create the abalone "sandwiches" by spreading an abalone round with
  shrimp paste, then topping with another round. Dredge "sandwiches" in
  maize flour and set aside.
  
  Heat chive and ginger oil in a wok over medium heat, swirling the oil
  to coat all sides of the wok.
  
  Dip the abalone "sandwiches" in the flour, then in eggs. Fry in the
  hot oil until abalone is tender and golden. Add Shaoxing wine,
  chicken stock, salt and MSG. Bring to a simmer, adjust the seasonings
  and simmer for 3 to 4 minutes.  Serve immediately.
  
  NOTE:  Chive and ginger oil is oil in which chives and ginger have
  been cooked.  To make at home, heat 4 ounces oil in a wok set over
  medium heat. Toss in 1 or 2 tablespoons fresh snipped chives and 3
  slices fresh ginger. Stir-fry until fragrant, then proceed with
  recipe. (Remove ginger slices before serving.)
  
  Ginger water is available in Chinese markets.
  
  From the San Francisco Chronicle, 6/15/88.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABALONE SALAD
 Categories: Seafood, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Sm head red leaf lettuce
      1    Bunch arugula *
      1    Small head radicchio**
     12    Fresh shiitake mushrooms
     24    Chinese pea pods
      4    Fresh medium abalone
      2    Limes,or more (juice only)
      1    1-in. fresh gingerroot ***
           Freshly ground pepper
      1 tb Rice vinegar
      2 tb Dark soy sauce
      4 tb Extra-virgin olive oil
           Salt, pepper
           Lime or lemon wedges (opt)
 
  Note: If abalone is not available, substitute sea scallops cut into
  paper-thin slices. *You may substitute watercress instead of arugula.
  **May use red cabbage instead of radicchio. ***Gingerroot should be
  peeled and grated. Rinse and dry lettuce, arugula and radicchio.
  Discard mushroom stems and slice tops in thin vertical slices. Rinse
  and dry peas. Remove abalone from shells, using handle of heavy spoon
  to break muscle attachments. Reserve shells. Clean abalone well,
  discarding undesirable parts. Clean shells thoroughly, dry and set
  aside. Using meat slicer, slice abalone muscle crosswise into
  tissue-thin pieces. If abalone can't be sliced tissue-thin, slice
  thin as possible and pound each slice on flat surface with mallet or
  flat end of cleaver until tender and almost transparent but not
  shredded. Combine juice of 1 lime, 1 tablespoon grated ginger and
  grind or two of fresh pepper in bowl. Add abalone slices and toss to
  coat well. Marinate 15 to 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Combine
  remaining lime juice, remaining ginger, vinegar, soy sauce and 3
  tablespoons olive oil in small bowl. Tear lettuce, arugula and
  radicchio into coarse pieces and place in large bowl. Toss with
  dressing oil. Arrange greens in abalone shells or on serving plates.
  Set aside. Heat remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in skillet or saute
  pan, add mushrooms and peas and season to taste with salt and pepper.
  Stir-fry briefly, just until peas turn bright green. Remove from heat
  and toss to mix well. Pile hot mixture on top of greens in abalone
  shells. Top with abalone slices. Garnish with lime or lemon wedges,
  if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABALONE STUFFED WITH CRABMEAT
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------WHITE SAUCE-----------------------------
      2 tb Butter or margarine
      2 tb Flour
           Salt, pepper
      1 c  Warm milk

MMMMM--------------------------ABALONE-------------------------------
           Butter or margarine
      2    Shallots; minced
      1 c  Cooked crabmeat
           Salt, white pepper
      1 ds Red pepper
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
    1/2 ts Worcestershire sauce
    1/2    Lemon (juice only)
      4    Large abalone steaks
      2    Eggs; beaten
           Flour
 
  Melt 2 tablespoons butter in skillet and stir in flour. Season to
  taste with salt and pepper. Cook, stirring, over medium heat about 1
  minute but do not allow flour to brown. Add milk and cook and stir 1
  or 2 minutes until mixture comes to boil and thickens. Set aside. For
  abalone, melt 1 tablespoon butter in small saucepan, add shallots and
  cook until tender but not browned. Add crabmeat and heat thoroughly.
  Add enough white sauce to bind, about 1/2 cup. Season to taste with
  salt and white pepper and add red pepper, mustard, Worcestershire and
  lemon juice. Carefully pound abalone steaks between 2 sheets of waxed
  paper until very thin (unless purchased already pounded). Dip abalone
  in eggs seasoned to taste with salt and white pepper. Coat with flour
  and set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in heavy skillet. Add
  abalone and brown quickly on one side. Turn and brown other side. Do
  not overcook as abalone will toughen. Place abalone steaks on platter
  and spoon crabmeat stuffing on each. Roll and arrange on serving
  platter, seam down. If desired, serve with any remaining sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABBA ZABBA
 Categories: Sandwiches, Mexican
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Whole wheat tortilla
      1 tb Peanut butter
      2 tb Applesauce
      1 tb Raisins
      1 ds Cinnamon
 
    Warm tortilla,optional.Spread remaining ingredients down the center
  of tortilla.Roll up tortilla.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABBEY COCKTAIL
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, New (to be, Gin
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 oz Gin
      1 oz Orange Juice
      3 ds Dark Vermouth
      3 ds Angostura Bitters
 
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABC'S OF VEGETABLES
 Categories: Diabetic, Vegetables, Side dish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 c  Asparapus pieces;
      1 c  Broccoli flowerets;
      1 c  Carrots;
      1 c  Spinach;
           Vegetable cooking spary
     11 oz Can cream of mushroom soup
           -condensed
      2 tb Onions; finely chopped
      1 ts Thyme
    1/2 c  Water
           Salt to taste
           Pepper; ground fresh
 
  Layer asparagus, brocoli, carrots, and spinach in a baking dish
  covered with vegetable cooking spray. Blend remaining ingredients.
  Pour over vetables. Cover. Bake at 350F for 30 to 40 minutes, or
  until vegetables are tender.
  
  Food Exchange per serving: 1 VEGETABLE EXCHANGE + 1/2 STARCH/BREAD
  EXCHANGE + 1/2 FAT EXCHANGE; CAL: 42
  
  Source: The Complete Diabetic Cookbook by Mary Jane Finsand Brought
  to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABERAYRON BROTH - CAWL ABERAERON(WELSH)
 Categories: Soup/, Stews
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
    1 1/2 lb bacon                 1/2 lb parsnips
    1 lb bee                     1 lb potatoes
    1    white cabbage           2    small leeks 1/2 lb carrots
  oatmeal 1/2 lb swede
                        salt and pepper
  
  Wash and shred the cabbage. Peel and cut up all the other vegetables.
  Dice the bacon and  beef. Place the meat and all the vegetables
  except the leeks in a large saucepan. Cover with water. Add salt and
  Repper to taste. Simmer for 2 to 2 1/2 hours. Add the leeks and
  continue heating for a further :      10
    minutes. Serve hot.
  
  From:	matejka@bga.Com (Anita A. Matejkadate:	96-09-09 23:43:38 Edt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABERFFRAW CAKES(WELSH)
 Categories: Bread, Welsh
      Yield: 6 Cakes
 
      6 oz Flour
      4 oz Butter
      2 oz Castor sugar
 
  TEISENNAU ABERFFRO Melt the butter in a basin and beat in the sugar.
  Gradually add the flour, mixing well with a warm spoon, Roll out
  thinly on a floured board and cut into rounds. Cook in a moderate
  oven (375/F. or Mark 5)  for 15 minutes or until golden-brown. Serve
  sprinkled with sugar and with whipped cream and raspberry jam.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABGUSHTE MIVEH (DRIED FRUIT SOUPS)
 Categories: Soups, Iranian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           -JUDI M. PHELPS
      1 lb Lean lamb or beef stew meat
      1 lb Lamb or beef soup bones
      7 c  ;water
      1    Limu omani (dried lime);
           -optional
           Freshly ground black pepper
      2 tb Ghee or butter
      1 lg Onion; finely chopped
      2 ts Turmeric
      1 c  Prunes; pitted
    1/2 c  Dried apricot halves
    1/2 c  Dried peaches; chopped
    1/3    To 1/2 cup brown sugar
      1    To 2 T. lemon or lime juice
 
  Cut meat into small cubes and place in a soup pot with bones, water,
  and dried lime if available.  Bring slowly to the boil, skimming when
  necessary.  Add salt and pepper, cover and simmer gently for 1 1/2
  hours or until meat is almost tender.  Remove bones and dried lime if
  used.
  
  In a frying pan, heat ghee or butter and fry onion until transparent,
  stir in turmeric, and cook until lightly browned. Add to soup with
  dried fruits (these may be washed if necessary, but do not require
  soaking). Cover and simmer for 30 minutes.  Add sugar and lemon or
  lime juice to taste so that soup has a pleasant sweet-sour flavor.
  Serve hot. Source: The Complete Middle East Cookbook by Tess Mallos.
  
  Shared and MM by Judi M. Phelps. jphelps@shell.portal.com,
  juphelps@delphi.com, or jphelps@best.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABIDJAN CABBAGE SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Snacks, Appetizers, African
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Thinly sliced cabbage
      1 c  Shredded carrot
      1 c  Pineapple chunks
           Juice of 1 lemon
           Juice of 1 orange
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Vegetable oil
 
  Place cabbage, carrots & pineapple into a large bowl. Mix the
  dressing by whisking all the ingredients together till creamy or by
  drizzling the oil into the juices while in a blender. Thoroughly
  blend the dressing & the vegetables.  Refrigerate or serve
  immediately.
  
  "Sundays at Moosewood Restaurant Cookbook"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABIGAIL  ADAMS  APPLE  PAN  DOWDY
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           -
  1 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Shortening
           PASTRY:-----
 
  Blend until mealy.  Sprinkle a little ice water over dough, enough to
  hold together.  Roll out to 1/4" thickness, brush with 1/4 cup melted
  butter. Cut pastry in half. Place halves on top of each other. Roll
  and cut again. Repeat until you have 16 separate pieces piled up.
  then chill for 1 hour. Roll pastry again and cut in half. Line bottom
  of baking dish. Save other half for top.
  
  FILLING:1/2 c. sugar 1/2 tsp. cinnamon 1/4 tsp. salt 1/4 tsp. nutmeg
  10 lg. apples 1/2 c. molasses 3 tbsp. melted butter 1/4 c. water U
  Peel and slice the apples.  Mix with sugarand spices and put in
  pastry lined dish. Combine molasses with butter and w Cover with top
  crust and seal. Bake at 400 degrees for 10 minutes. Then reduce heat
  to 325 degrees. "Dowdy" the dish by cutting the crust into apples
  with sharp knife. Bake one hour. Serve hot with ice cream or whipped
  cream.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABILENE~ TX ANNUAL CHILI SUPER BOWL
 Categories: Meats, Tex-mex, Chili
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
MMMMM-------------------BGPN97A TERRY NORTHUP------------------------
      3 lb Lean ground beef
      3 tb Brown sugar
      1 ts Thyme
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Cumin seed
      1 ts Garlic powder
      2    Bay leaves
      1 ts Cilantro
    1/4 ts Oregano (Mexican preferred
           Italian O.K.)
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
      2 tb Paprika
     46 oz V-8 juice
      1 c  Onions; chopped
     16 oz Peeled tomatoes (Mexican
           Style for extra kick)
      4 cn Pinto or kidney beans (if
           You like beans in your
           Chili)
 
  Hope this ins't too late.  I haven't checked in on the board in a
  while. We just had our annual Chili Super Bowl (Abilene, TX). They
  make a pot to feed 5000. It's BIG pot. This recipe is pretty good
  too. You will want to multiply the recipe items by 10.
  
  Brown beef and drain. Add all ingredients and cover. Cook for 7-17
  hours on medium high.
  
  Good luck!  If you try this, let me know how your customers like it.
  
  MM Format Norma Wrenn npxr56b
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABLESKIVER (PANCAKE BALLS)
 Categories: Swedish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Sifted flour
      2 tb Sugar
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cardamom
    3/4 ts Salt
           Combine:
      1 c  Thick sour cream
    2/3 c  Milk
      3    Egg yolks, beaten
      2 tb Melted butter
 
  Set an ableskiver pan over low heat
  
  Sift together and set aside:
  
  Make a well in center of dry ingredients.  Add liquid mixture all at
  one time, stirring until well blended.
  
  Beat until rounded peaks are formed:  3 egg whites. Gently spread
  batter over egg whites and fold together.
  
  Test ableskiver pan by dropping on it a few drops of cold water; if
  drops dance around in small beads, temperature is right. Grease well
  with butter (About
      1/2    tsp. per well)
  
  Pour batter into wells, filling about one half full. With a fork turn
  ableskivers frequently to brown evenly. Do not pierce. Ableskivers
  are done when a wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Serve
  immediately sprinkled with Confectioners' sugar.  If desired,
  accompany with a tart jam.  About 4 doz. balls.
  
  Apple Pancake Balls (Ableskiver II
  
  Follow above recipe.  Rinse, pare and dice 2 medium-sized apples.
  Sprinkle about 1 tsp. of the diced apples over batter in each well.
  
  From: The Scandinavian CookBook Shared By: Pat Stockett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM BEIGNETS
 Categories: Breakfast, Desserts, Kooknet, Cyberealm
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      1 c  Water
      1    Egg
      2 tb Oil
      3 tb Nonfat Dry Milk Powder
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Salt
  3 1/2 c  Bread Flour
  2 1/2 ts Yeast
    1/2 c  Powdered Sugar
 
  Place all ingredients except sugar in machine. Program for knead and
  first rise and press start. The dough will be sticky at first but
  will hold its shape. After the final cycle, it will be workable. When
  dough is finished, turn the dough out onto a floured surface and let
  it rest for 10 minutes. Roll the dough to a generous 1/4" thick and
  cut it into 2" squares.
  
  Cover the squares with a clean towel and let rise for 30 minutes. Add
  the powdered sugar to a medium-size clean paper bag. Lay out paper
  towels to drain the doughnuts. Heat 1 to 1 1/2 " of oil to 375øF. Do
  not add too many; add once or it may cool the oil too much. Gently
  brush the uncooked squares to remove any extra flour. Slide them into
  the heated oil. When they pop to the surface, spoon the hot oil over
  them constantly until they are puffed. Turn the squares and cook
  until they are a light golden color on both sides. It should take 1
  to 2 minutes. Cut the first couple of squares in half to be sure
  there is not sticky uncooked dough inside.
  
  Remove from hot oil with slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.
  While warm, drop them, 3 or 4 at a time, into the bag with powdered
  sugar and shake until they are well coated. Serve immediately.
  Source: Desserts from your Bread Machine Typed by Meg Antczak, Fido
  Cooking Conference 7-19-95. Revised for Meal-Master Format by
  Katherine Smith
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM FOOLPROOF CHEESE & OAT BREAD FOR THE R2 D
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
    1/2 tb Yeast
  2 1/2 c  Flour, bread
      1 c  Oats
    1/4 c  Milk, powdered
    1/2 tb Salt
      1 tb Sugar
      1 tb Oil
      1    Eggs
      1 c  Water; warm
      1 c  Cheese, shredded
 
  Sharp cheddar cheese is recommended.
  
  Bring all ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery, in
  order. Set "baking control" to 11 o'clock. Select "white bread" and
  push Start.
  
  In hot, humid weather, use 1/8 c less water; also in very cold
  weather.
  
  Tested in DAK 1-1/2 lb R2D2 bread machine.  Sylvia's comment: a
  hearty, easy-to-slice bread, surprisingly good for sandwiches. I even
  used powdered buttermilk when I ran out of powdered milk with good
  results.
  
  Copyright 1993 by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  Internet sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com, moderator of GT Cookbook and
  PlanoNet Lowfat & Luscious echoes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM FOOLPROOF MAPLE OAT BREAD FOR THE R2 D2
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
    1/2 tb Yeast
  1 1/2 c  Oats
      3 c  Flour, bread
    1/2 tb Salt
    1/2 tb Dough enhancer; optional
      3 tb Oil
      1    Eggs
    1/2 c  Syrup, maple flavored
  1 5/8 c  Water; warm
 
  Bring all ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery, in
  order. Set "baking control" at 11 o'clock. Select "sweet bread" and
  push Start.
  
  In hot, humid or very cold weather, reduce water to
    1-1/3    c.
  
  Tested in DAK 1-1/2 lb R2D2 bread machine.  Sylvia's comment: a heavy,
  dense, easy to slice bread.  A little "wet," otherwise great!
  
  Copyright 1993 by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  Internet sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com, moderator of GT Cookbook and
  PlanoNet Lowfat & Luscious echoes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM FOOLPROOF RICE BREAD FOR THE R2 D2
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
    1/2 tb Yeast
  2 1/4 c  Bread flour
      1 tb Sugar
    1/2 tb Salt
      1 tb Oil
      1 c  Rice; cooked
      1 c  Water
 
  Bring all ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery, in
  order. Set "baking control" at 10 o'clock. Select "white bread" and
  push Start. For a richer bread, use 1 egg and 3/4 c water instead of
  1 c water. In hot, humid weather, use 1/8 c less water. WARNING: the
  dough will look a little "wet." DO NOT ADD EXTRA FLOUR.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM FOOLPROOF WHITE BREAD FOR THE R2 D2
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 24 Oz
 
    1/2 tb Yeast
      3 c  Flour, bread
    1/2 tb Salt
      1 tb Sugar
    1/2 tb Dough enhancer; optional
      2 tb Oil
      1    Eggs
      1 c  Water; warm
 
  Bring all ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery, in
  order. Set "baking control" at 11 o'clock. Select "white bread" and
  push Start.
  
  In hot, humid weather, use only 1-1/8 c water.
  
  Tested in DAK 1-1/2 lb R2D2 bread machine.
  
  Copyright 1993 by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  GT Cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005, Internet
  sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM HOT PRETZELS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 18 Pretzels
 
      1 c  Water
      2 ts Butter or margarine
      1 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      3 c  All-purpose flour
  1 1/2 ts Yeast
      4 c  Water
      5 ts Baking soda
           Coarse salt (kosher or sea)
 
  Put first six ingredients in bread machine pan and set for dough
  cycle.
  
  Cut dough into 18 strips and roll into ropes. Shape into pretzels,
  cover and let rise 45 minutes.
  
  Bring 4 cup water and 5 tsp baking soda almost to a boil in
  nonaluminum pan. Gently place pretzels into water for about a minute,
  turning once.
  
  Remove pretzels and place on greased baking sheet. Sprinkle with
  coarse salt and bake at 475 degrees F about 12 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM MUSTARD WHEAT RYE
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 ts Yeast
      1 c  Bread flour
    1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
    1/2 c  Rye flour
      1 tb Gluten
    1/3 c  Dijon mustard
    2/3 c  Water
      1 tb Lecithin granules
      1 tb Molasses
 
  Dump yeast in machine. Dump in flours and lecithin granules Fill
  measuring cup to 2/3rds with warm water. Add mustard until liquid
  measures a full cup.  Add molasses and stir. Dump in machine.
  
  Set machine to basic bake.
  
  Tested 3/3/94 A small dark loaf with a nice mustardy flavor. While
  dense, it can be sliced quite thinly. Will make a GREAT egg sald
  sandwich. If you substitute another fat for the lecithin granules,
  you might want to add a littlle more gluten.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM SOURDOUGH BEER BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Tested, Breadmaker
      Yield: 14 Servings
 
      1 ts Yeast
      2 c  King Arthur allpurpose flour
      2 ts Sugar
      1 tb Lecithin granules
      1 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Rye sourdough starter*
    1/4 c  Flat beer
      2 tb Water
 
  Place in pan in the order given. Bake on basic bread cycle. This can
  probably be timed. With only 2 cups of flour, this makes a small (14
  oz) loaf with a crunchy crust and a light interior.  Not a dense
  bread. It's a rustic looking loaf that ought to be just the thing
  with stews or hearty soups. *Rye sarter: 2 c Rye flour, 2 c warm
  water, 1 pkg yeast in a glass container.  Leave at roomtemp for about
  3 days stirring when you think of it.  When it starts to smell like a
  brewery, you can refrigerate it. Just bring it back to room temp
  before you use it. Adapted from BREAD MACHINE BAKING, Brody & Apter
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM SOURDOUGH DILL & ONION RYE
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 1 lb. loaf
 
      1 ts Red Star yeast
  2 1/3 c  Bread flour
    1/4 c  Rye flour
      1 tb Lecithin granules
      1 tb Gluten
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Dill weed (dried)
      1 ts Dried onion flakes
    1/2 c  Water
      1 c  Sourdough starter*
 
  I just realized that I never added any sugar or dry milk. It doesn't
  seem to miss them.  Next time I'll add more dill and onion. The jars
  were almost empty when my baking fit struck me, so I went with what I
  had.
  
  I baked it on the regular bake cycle.  It rose almost to the top of
  the pan and is a lovely golden color. Tastes pretty good, too.
  
  *Starter:  2c all purpose flour, 2 c warm water, 1 pk yeast. Combined
  and left in oven all night with the light on. It doesn't have a name
  yet. Would "Bubbles" be too optimistic?
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM WHOLE WHEAT BREAD
 Categories: Abm, Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------1 POUND LOAF-----------------------------
  1 1/2 ts Active dry or fastrise yeast
      1 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 c  Bread flour
      2 tb Wheat germ
      2 tb Sunflower seeds
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      1 tb Mild molasses
    3/4 c  Plus 1 T water

MMMMM----------------------1 1/2 POUND LOAF---------------------------
  2 1/2 ts Yeast
  1 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
  1 1/2 c  Bread flour
    1/4 c  Wheat germ
    1/4 c  Sunflower seeds
  1 1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Oil
      2 tb Molasses
      1 c  Plus 1 T water

MMMMM-------------------------VARIATIONS------------------------------
    1/2 c  Raisins OR
    1/2 c  Walnuts; chopped OR
    1/2 c  Apricots; chopped
 
  Bake according to ABM directions.
  
  Source:  LHJ, 11/93 :: MM by Sue Woodward
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABM-EGGNOG BREAD
 Categories: Breadmaker, Holidays
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
           -LISA CRAWLEY (TSPN00B)
      2 tb Sugar
      1 pk Active dry yeast
  2 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
      2 tb Butter
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    3/4 c  Eggnog; at room temp.*
 
  I adapted a recipe from my food processor bread book for my b/m for
  the eggnog bread which you read about. Here is what I did; you may
  need to make adaptations for whatever type of b/m you have. Play with
  it, if it looks too sticky, add flour (1 tbsp. at a time.) If too
  dry, add liquid, also one tbsp. at a time. Then let her rip!!!!!!!!
    * Maybe as little as 1/2 c; (I took the chill off of it in the
  microwave) Place ingredients. in the B/M according to your
  manufacturers' directions. Then adjust by adding flour or liquid as
  needed This made a real moist, light lg. loaf. It rose to the top of
  my breadmaker. I used the SWEET BREAD cycle and turned the lightness
  or darkness button slightly lighter than the center mark (I have a
  Welbilt). Let me know your results, we sure enjoyed it! FROM: LISA
  CRAWLEY (TSPN00B)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOBONG MANOK (CHICKEN ADOBO)
 Categories: Chicken, Phillipines, Submitted
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lb Chicken pieces
    1/2 c  Soy Sauce
    3/4 c  Vinegar, white
      1 ea Garlic head
      2 ea Bay Leaves
    1/2 tb Peppercorns
           Salt; to taste
 
    Boil Chicken with soy sauce, vinegar, garlic, bay leaves and
  peppercorns and simmer for half an hour. Remove the chicken pieces
  from the pot and broil them in a pan for 10 minutes. Let the sauce in
  the pot boil until it is reduced by half. Add salt to taste. Cover
  the broiled chicken pieces with the sauce. Serve hot.
    Serve with rice. Note: I find this dish doesn't need any salt as
  the soy sauce is salty enough. I also remove the chicken skins. Mark
  Soennichsen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABODONG PUSIT (CALAMARI STEW)
 Categories: Seafood, Phillipines, Soups/stews
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 lb Fresh squid; cleaned
      3 ea Cloves garlic; minced
      2 tb Vinegar
      1 tb Light soy sauce
      1 tb Water
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
  In a skillet over medium heat, bring ro a boil the garlic, vinegar,
  soy sayce, water, salt and pepper to taste. Add the cleaned squids
  while mixture is still boiling. Cook for another 3-4 minutes. Stir
  occasionally. Transfer cooked squid to a serving platter. Serve
  immediately. Tip: Remove the transparent cartillage when clean squid.
  ADOBONG PUSIT (CALAMARI STEW)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BAGELS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Text file
 
 
  What is a bagel?
  
  A bagel is traditionally a hefty, dense ring of somewhat bland tasting
  bread. But with different flours, such as rye and wheat, bagels take
  on different tastes. Add raisins, blueberries, strawberries, dates
  and nuts for a dessert-like bagel. Add veggies, onions, poppy seeds,
  peanut butter and other ingredients for an infinite variety of taste
  combinations.
  
  The popularity of bagels is as much attributed to what you can put on
  them and in them as to what you add to the unbaked dough. They are
  the perfect vehicles for spreads. Most often spreads consist of a
  cream cheese base that may be mixed with salmon or lox, fruits,
  vegetables and spices -- in myriad combinations. There are regional
  differences in how bagels are made, and ongoing arguments about what
  constitutes the "perfect" bagel and best spread combination.
  
  The traditional bagel sandwich consists of cream cheese, lox, a slice
  of onion and a slice of tomato. But that's only the beginning. Bagel
  sandwiches are so popular that bagel bakeries often list 40 or 50
  sandwich variations on their menus. then there are mini bagels and
  bialys. For catered bagel brunches, there are 3- to 6- pound bagels
  that are filled and then cut into pie shaped wedges.
  
  Bagels have a lot going for them. They don't crush or smash while
  being carried; they don't melt from the heat or suffer from freezing.
  They're at their optimum goodness when fresh and hot from out of the
  oven, but they're delicious, too, even when frozen, thawed and
  toasted. If they get stale, they can be made into bagel chips or
  ground into bread crumbs. They're an all-around convenient, no-waste
  food product that is well suited to today's health conscious
  consumers.
  
  The plain water bagel is low in calories compared to other traditional
  breakfast foods. Estimates as to the number of calories in a bagel
  differ, and its size is a factor. Most bagels weigh 4 to 5 ounces,
  and tally up to between 150 to 200 calories. The addition of nuts,
  raisins, berries, chocolate chips and other ingredients will add to
  the count. I saw a cracked wheat bagel in a health food store that
  had 320 calories. Some bagels weigh 6 ounces. Mini bagels may be 1 to
  3 ounces, so the calories vary accordingly.
  
  It's the toppings and spreads that shoot up the calorie tab, though
  this can be tempered by using light and fat-free cheeses, and spreads
  without cheese. A whopping dollop of cream cheese slapped onto each
  half of a bagel (2 tablespoons of cream cheese have 10 grams of fat
  and 100 calories) will wipe out the innocence of the plain bagel. Two
  tablespoons of regular preserves (there are sugar free varieties,
  too) can add on 50 calories but no fat. And peanut butter? Well, you
  would rather not know, if you're counting calories and grams of fat.
  
  Still, you're better off with bagels than with a doughnut, which has
  176 calories and 11 grams of fat. A homemade bran muffin (not the
  giant restaurant or bakery size) has 112 calories and 5 grams of fat.
  A large croissant has 300 calories, 17 grams of fat and 85 milligrams
  of cholesterol. The butter will do it every time. There is no butter
  in a bagel recipe. Only egg bagels have cholesterol; even that can be
  eliminated using egg whites instead of a whole egg (or 1/4 cup liquid
  egg substitute). But a sweet roll with nut and raisin Danish filing,
  and icing, can top them all with about 360 calories, 2.3 grams of fat
  and 82.2 milligrams of cholesterol.
  
  The Best Bagels are made at home Donna Z. Meilach ISBN 1-55867-131-5
  
  Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 1 A
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Text
 
  The process is simple. Initially, the boiling procedure may seem
  strange, but once you've done it, you'll wonder why you hesitated.
  Just boil a pot of water as you would for spaghetti, and boil the
  shaped bagel for about 2 minutes, turning once. Your first few bagels
  may not come out round and smooth on top, but they'll taste good
  anyway. Be patient. The second batch will look better; by the third,
  you mat think you're ready to go into business.
  
  Basically, these are the basic steps required to make bagels. We'll
  go into each in detail.
  
  1. Mix, knead and first rise: Mix flour, water, salt, sugar (or malt
  or honey) and yeast, knead them and let the dough rise for about an
  hour. Mixing and kneading can be done in a bread machine, a food
  processor, a heavy duty mixer, or by hand. this same procedure is
  used to make any yeast bread.
  
  2. Shape bagels: Form the dough into the traditional bagel shape by
  rolling, poking a hole in a ball or using a bagel cutter.
  
  3. Second rise: Allow a short rest and second rise period, about 20
  minutes.
  
  4. Boil or "kettle": Drop the bagels into boiling water for 1 to 3
  minutes and drain. You can bake immediately or refrigerate for 1 to
       24    hours.
  
  5. Glaze and apply topping: This step is not essential to the final
  product.
  
  6. Bake: Bake in a preheated oven for 20 to 35 minutes.
  
  CONTINUED IN ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 1 B
  
  The Best Bagels are made at home by Dona Z. Meilach
  
  ISBN 1-55867-131-5
  
  Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 1 B
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Text
 
  STEP 1: MIX, KNEAD AND FIRST RISE:
  
  The Bread Machine:
  
  The bread machine yields excellent results every time when you use
  fresh ingredients and follow directions. Set the machine on "dough
  cycle", and let it produce a dough with the texture of velvet and the
  stiff consistency required.
  
  When using a bread machine, add ingredients in the order recommended
  in your manufacturer's instructions. The recipes in this series have
  ingredients listed for machines that require adding liquids first and
  dry components last.
  
  Reverse the order for those that add dry ingredients first and wet
  ones last. Process on the "dough mode," or "program", or "mix bread
  cycle" or whatever it is termed by your machine's instructions. Allow
  the dough to rise through the full first rise period after the
  kneading phase, between 35 minutes and 1 hour.
  
  On shorter cycles, and depending on the weather and moisture of the
  ingredients, you may have to leave it in the machine for 10 or 15
  minutes longer, or until the dough fills about 2/3 of the pan. Whole
  grain flours may require up to 1 to 2 hours for the first rise. Do
  not allow the dough to bake in the machine.
  
  Dry ingredients such as spices, cinnamon, nutmeg and finely chopped
  nuts are added with the fours at the beginning. Wet ingredients such
  as mashed bananas, applesauce, pumpkin, grated carrots and frozen
  berries are added with the liquids, but if you add more wet
  ingredients to the recipes in this series, their liquid content must
  replace an equal amount of liquid. Adding raisins and other dried
  fruits at the beginning is not recommended; most bread machines
  pulverize them so they're hardly visible in the finished bagel.
  
  Check dough about 5 minutes after you have started the machine. The
  dough should form a nice round ball. If a ball doesn't form, and the
  mixture appears crumbly, add water, a tablespoon or less at a time,
  until the correct consistency is achieved. If dough looks too wet or
  formless, add flour, a tablespoon or less at a time, until the dough
  forms a ball.
  
  Add ingredients such as raisins, dates, chocolate chips and apple
  pieces about 5 to 8 minutes before the end of the kneading phase.
  Some machine beep to indicate the optimum time to add nuts or
  raisins. Check your manufacturers instructions for the time required
  for each process in the dough cycle. If your machine does not provide
  this timed signal, determine the length of the kneading phase and set
  a timer for 5 minutes before the end; then open the machine and
  carefully add the ingredients, being sure that they do not spill onto
  the heating elements. Ingredients can also be kneaded into the dough
  by hand after it is removed from the machine.
  
  NOTE: When adding reconstituted dried foods to the dough in a bread
  machine (5 to 10 minutes before the end of the kneading phase), foods
  should be blotted very dry with a paper towel so that any retained
  moisture does not change the texture of the dough and inhibit it from
  rising properly.
  
  A 60 minute rise period is ideal. It's ok to open the machine and
  quickly test the dough during the rise period. Gently push your
  finger into the dough, and if the dent remains, dough is ready. If
  the impression bounces back, let dough rise a few minutes longer and
  retest. Dough can become slack if allowed to rise too long. White
  flour rises highest. White flour combined with whole wheat, rye and
  oats will not rise as high. Generally, the darker the dough, the
  lower the rise and the longer it takes.
  
  When ready, remove dough form the pan and proceed to step 2: Shape
  Bagels.
  
  CONTINUED IN ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 2
  
  The Best Bagels are made at home by Dona Z. Meilach
  
  ISBN 1-55867-131-5
  
  Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 2 A
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Text
 
  THE FOOD PROCESSOR
  
  A food processor will knead dough ingredients very quickly and
  easily. It will reduce the process to a few minutes, even cutting
  down the time of the a bread machine. Our testers found the results
  extremely reliable. One tester much preferred it to the bread machine
  because he was in charge all the way and never had a failure. By
  mixing and kneading in the food processor and allowing the dough to
  rise in the microwave, bagels can be ready for boiling in under a
  half hour. You can optionally use the microwave for the first rise
  for dough that has been mixed in the bread machine, by hand or with
  an electric mixer. Then work the flavoring ingredients into the dough
  after the first rise as you would for dough made in the bread
  machine. Either active dry yeast or fast-rising yeast can be used.
  
  1. Mix 1/4 of the liquid to 110-115 degrees in the microwave and add
  to the yeast and sugar in a small cup. Mix gently and let sit for 5
  minutes. Pour remaining liquid in a cup and make it very cool, right
  out of the refrigerator, or add an ice cube.
  
  2. Put the metal cutting blade into the food processor bowl. Measure
  flour and salt and put them into the processor bowl. Pulse tow or
  three times, just enough to mix the flour and salt. Add any oil or
  butter and pulse until it disappears, tow or three pulses.
  
  NOTE: Most food processors can mix 3 1/4 to 3 1/2 cups of flour.
  However, it's possible to mix a larger or double batch of dough. If
  the machine balks, it will stop automatically. Let it cool down and
  restart it. Or divide dough in half and continue processing each half
  separately. When mixed, knead the two batches together.
  
  3. Pour yeast mixture into flour through the feeding tube and pulse
  for another 5 or 10 seconds until it forms a ball. Pulse a few more
  times to knead. When dough appears to come away from sides, it is
  ready.
  
  4. Remove dough from the processor bowl and hand-knead to remove any
  gases. Let it rest for about 5 minutes. If it's not elastic enough,
  add a few more drops of water; if it's still too sticky, add a
  sprinkle of flour until it is smooth, velvety and elastic. The first
  rise can be done in a microwave oven in about 15 minutes or in a bowl
  in a draft-free environment for about 1 hour. Microwave ovens vary in
  wattage, so the rise period and settings may vary. You may have to
  experiment.
  
  To use a microwave oven, after the dough is kneaded, carefully remove
  it and the metal blade from the processor bowl. Form dough into a
  rectangle long enough to wrap once around the processor bowl. Grease
  dough with oil or nonstick vegetable spray, but do not cover bowl.
  (Be sure the bowl has no metal parts.) Place the bowl in the
  microwave.
  
  Method 1: Microwave on LOW (30%), or DEFROST (about 30%), for 1
  minute. Let rest for 10 minutes. Repeat microwaving and resting 1 to
  2 times, until the dough has doubled in size. Test with your fingers
  until a dent remains. If the dough springs back and dough has not
  doubled, microwave once more for a few minutes until a dent does
  remain and dough appears doubled in size.
  
  Method 2: Or, place dough in the processor bowl as instructed.
  Position an 8-ounce microwave-safe cup filled with water in the back
  corner of the microwave. cover the processor bowl lightly with a damp
  tea towel or plastic wrap and place it in the microwave on LOW (30%),
  or DEFROST (30%) setting. Heat for 3 minutes, rest for 3 minutes,
  heat for 3 minutes and rest for 6 minutes, repeating the 3-minute
  heat and the 6-minute rest once or twice if necessary, until dough
  has doubled in bulk.
  
  To allow dough to rise in a draft free environment, place dough in a
  large bowl lightly oiled with vegetable oil. Turn dough so all
  surfaces are greased. Cover with plastic wrap sprayed with nonstick
  vegetable spray and let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 to 2
  hours.
  
  Proceed to Step 2: Shape Bagels.
  
  CONTINUED IN ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 3 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 2 B
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Text
 
  THE HEAVY DUTY MIXER WITH A DOUGH HOOK
  
  A heavy duty electric mixer with a dough hook will make short work of
  mixing small or large batches of dough quickly.
  
  Combine the warm liquid (110-115 degrees), syrup, honey or sugar, oil
  and yeast, and then add half the flour and all other dry ingredients.
  Add remaining flour until a ball forms.
  
  The dough hook will do part or all of the kneading, which should take
  about 5 minutes. If the dough begins to strain the machine, add more
  water so it becomes softer (check your manufacturer's directions; a
  heavy duty mixer with a dough hook should have no problem kneading).
  When dough appears near desired consistency, remove it from the bowl
  and knead in extra dough until it forms a soft ball. Follow the same
  first rise procedures as in the hand mixing or food processor
  methods. If a fast-rising yeast is used, the first rise is not
  necessary.
  
  Proceed to Step 2: Shape Bagels.
  
  BY HAND:
  
  Mix together warm water (110-115 degrees), yeast and 1 tsp. sugar and
  let stand for 5 minutes. In a large bowl, add remaining sugar, salt
  and 2 cups flour. Stir in the yeast mixture. Add remaining flour,
  stirring to form dough.
  
  Turn dough out onto a lightly floured board. Knead dough by hand,
  adding more flour as necessary, for 10 to 15 minutes until dough is
  smooth, shiny, stiff and elastic. Keep the board and your hands
  dusted with flour to prevent sticking.
  
  Knead by pushing down on the dough with the palms of your hands,
  exerting pressure from your shoulders. Lift the dough from the top
  edge, turn it a quarter turn, fold it in half, press again, turn,
  fold, press, and repeat the process until dough forms a cohesive
  ball. When the dough is no longer sticky, stretch it to help develop
  elasticity. Knead it a few more times (by now you should be about
  ready to drop dead and buy frozen Lender's <G>.) Drop it on your
  board, lift it, pick it up again and drop it again, continuing to
  stretch, drop and knead a few more times. If it becomes too stiff,
  add a few drops of water; if too sticky, add a little more flour.
  When optimally kneaded and shaped into a ball, dough will spring back
  when poked gently.
  
  Place dough in a lightly greased bowl. Turn dough so all surfaces are
  greased. cover with a sheet of plastic wrap sprayed with nonstick
  vegetable spray and let rise until doubled in bulk, about an hour.
  the test for proper rising, which about doubles the mass of the dough
  in size, is to poke two fingers lightly and quickly about 1/2" into
  dough. If dent stays, dough is doubled.
  
  Proceed to Step 2: Shape Bagels
  
  CONTINUED IN ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 3
  
  The Best Bagels are made at home by Dona Z. Meilach
  
  ISBN 1-55867-131-5
  
  Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 3 A
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Text
 
  STEP 2: SHAPE BAGELS
  
  Prepare baking sheets by lightly greasing them with nonstick vegetable
  spray, or oil with a little vegetable oil spread with your fingertips
  or waxed paper.
  
  Reach into the bread machine pan and pull dough out (if it is slightly
  sticky, dip your fingers into flour first.) Some machines punch dough
  down automatically at the end of the rise cycle, and just the act of
  removing the dough from the pan is usually adequate to remove gases,
  but you may need to punch dough down to remove any remaining air. Or,
  remove dough from bowl or food processor bowl and punch down.
  
  Knead dough once or twice and let it rest for 5 minutes. If the dough
  is still a little too wet and sticky, lightly flour the bread board
  or your hands and knead the dough manually, until it has a smooth,
  elastic consistency. Bagel dough should be stiff but elastic; if it's
  too stiff, sprinkle a little water on it or moisten your hands and
  knead the moisture into dough. After you've made one or two batches
  of bagels, you'll get the feeling of the ideal consistency.
  
  Roll and pull dough into a rectangle about 10x14" for a 1-pound
  recipe and 14x18" for a 1 1/2-pound recipe, and let it rest for 5
  minutes. Sprinkle with dried fruits, nuts, vegetables, seeds, spices,
  chocolate, or any combination of flavorings. Roll dough into a log
  and knead the ingredients into the dough for a minute or so.
  
  The dough should weigh a little more than the size recipe you are
  using. Divide dough into pieces depending on the size bagel you want.
  A 1 1/2-pound recipe yields 8 to 12 finished bagels, each weighing 2
  to 3 ounces, measuring about 4 inches across. Use a food scale if you
  want consistency, or measure with a ruler. Cut smaller pieces for
  mini bagels. Knead in added ingredients well before shaping each
  bagel. You can also divide dough and add different ingredients to
  each part so you get a varied batch of bagels from one recipe.
  
  CONTINUED IN ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 3 B
  
  The Best Bagels are made at home by Dona Z. Meilach
  
  ISBN 1-55867-131-5
  
  Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 3 B
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Text
 
  Shape using any of the following methods:
  
  HOLE IN THE MIDDLE METHOD: Roll each piece of dough into a ball, poke
  a floured finger through the center to form the hole, and then shape
  top and smooth sides. Moisten your finger with water, if necessary to
  smooth. Pull gently to enlarge hole. The resulting bagel is smooth
  and there is no joint.
  
  OR, press the round on your floured board. Using the index fingers of
  both hands, poke a hole an pull dough until the hole is large, and
  then round out the bagel and smooth the top and edges.
  
  THE HULA HOOP AROUND THE FINGER METHOD: Create a circle without a
  joint by flattening a ball of dough slightly into a round shape,
  folding the bottom edge under and smoothing it until it looks like a
  mushroom top. With a floured index finger, make a hole in the center
  of the circle from the bottom up. Twirl the circle around your index
  finger, or two fingers, like a hula-hoop, to widen the hole. Pull out
  and shape the round.
  
  THE ROPE METHOD: Roll each piece of dough into a rope by rolling it
  on the bread board or between your hands. Wrap the rope around four
  fingers, overlap and join the ends, and turn the circle inside out.
  Until you get this hand movement down pat, you may have to moisten
  the ends to hold them together. Initially the length may be lumpy and
  the joint will show. It takes practice.
  
  OR, roll dough into 30" lengths, cut each length into thirds (each 10"
  long) and join the ends. If you become proficient at this hand-made
  method, make 10" marks on the edge of your bread board so your bagels
  will be a consistent size.
  
  BAGEL CUTTER METHOD: Roll dough out to a flat shape about 1/2" thick.
  Cut with a bagel cutter and smooth the tops over the sides so they're
  rounded, using a little water on your fingers to smooth, if
  necessary. Knead scraps again, reroll and cut into as many more
  bagels as there is dough. If you don't have a bagel cutter, use a
  wide champagne glass to cut out the outside. Cut the inside hole with
  the edge of a cordial glass or the small end of a measuring jigger.
  Any leftover dough can be rolled into two strips and made into a
  bagel twist (separate recipe), sealing ends with a dab of water so
  they don't untwist while boiling and baking.
  
  Place shaped bagels on the greased baking sheet for the second rise,
  spacing them at least an inch apart to allow for the second rise.
  Proceed to Step 3: Second Rise.
  
  STEP 3: SECOND RISE
  
  During the second rising of the dough, the bagels will puff up on the
  greased baking sheet. cover them with a length of plastic wrap
  sprayed with nonstick vegetable spray or a very lightly dampened
  cloth such as a tea towel. Place them in a draft free location and
  let them rise at room temperature until puffy, about 20 minutes.
  
  NOTE:  Bagels can be refrigerated at this point, should you decide to
  boil and bake them later, or the next morning. Leave them covered so
  they do not dry out. Remove from the refrigerator and allow to warm
  slightly while you boil water and preheat the oven.
  
  The second rise can be speeded up by using the microwave. Fill a 2-cup
  microwave-safe measuring cup with water and bring the water to a boil.
  Place in a corner of the microwave. Place the baking sheet of covered
  bagels in the microwave and close the door, but so not turn on the
  microwave. The bagels should rise in a bout 6 minutes. (It won't
  matter if the sheet is metal because you don't turn on the oven.)
  
  Or, spray shaped tops of dough with water. Place bagels on a
  microwave-safe surface and heat in the microwave on LOW or DEFROST
  setting for 3 minutes; rest for 3 minutes. Repeat heating and resting
  until bagels are puffy.
  
  Proceed to Step 4: Boil or "kettle".
  
  CONTINUED IN ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 4
  
  The Best Bagels are made at home by Dona Z. Meilach
  
  ISBN 1-55867-131-5
  
  Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 4 A
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Text
 
  STEP 4: BOIL OR "KETTLE"
  
  Fill a 4- to 6- quart soup pot with water 3 to 4 inches deep. Water
  alone can be used, or add 2 tbs. malt syrup, honey or sugar.
  
  Preheat the oven to 400F., so it's ready when you're through boiling
  the bagels.
  
  Drop bagels one at a time into the boiling water. Boil about 4 at a
  time or only so many that they float freely and so not crowd; they
  will expand further in the hot water. The bagel may sink to the
  bottom for a few seconds, and then float to the surface. Simmer for
  30 seconds to 1 minute on each side, turning with a slotted spatula.
  Remove and put on a lightly greased rack or a lightly floured tea
  towel for a few minutes to drain.
  
  HINT: Put the top side of the bagel down into water first, and then
  turn over.
  
  When you remove them, the bagels will be top side up and slide off
  your spatula for draining and adding toppings.
  
  When cool enough to handle, proceed to Step 5: Glaze and Apply
  Topping, or if you omit this step, proceed to Step 6: Bake.
  
  STEP 5, OPTIONAL: GLAZE AND APPLY TOPPING
  
  GLAZES: Brush tops with glaze either before placing them in the oven
  or about 5 minutes into the baking and then again about 5 minutes
  before the end of baking. I've tried all the glazes listed below on
  the same bagels in one batch, using white flour bagels and whole
  grain flour bagels. Despite claims in some cookbooks that different
  glazes yield different shades and crustiness, I found no appreciable
  difference in either color or texture of the crusts when applied to
  bagels. You may have a different result.
  
  Water Glaze: A spray or brushing with room-temperature tap water will
  yield a subtle glaze similar to using the steam baking method
  (described elsewhere in
  
  directions). Try brushing some bagels at the beginning of the baking,
  some 5 minutes after and some near the end, and compare the
  differences.
  
  Nonstick Vegetable Spray Glaze: an easy, quick, effective, low calorie
  glaze is a spray of nonstick vegetable spray. It goes on more evenly
  than using a brush, yet yields an even glaze. Spray before placing in
  the oven and again about 5 minutes before baking time is completed.
  
  Melted Butter or Margarine Glaze: This glaze produces the same effect
  as vegetable oil. Watch the bagels carefully so they don't burn.
  
  Egg Glaze #1: Mix together 1 egg white, 1 egg yolk or 1 whole egg
  with 1 tbs. water, milk, or cream.
  
  Egg Glaze #2: Lightly beat 1 egg white. You can brush it on the bagels
  either before they are put into the oven or 5 minutes after baking
  time has begun, and 5 minutes before the baking is finished.
  
  Cornstarch Glaze: Dissolve 2 tbs. cornstarch in 1/4 cup cold water.
  Bring 1 cup water to a boil and whisk the dissolved solution into the
  boiling water until it thickens. This cornstarch mixture can be kept
  in the refrigerator for several days. Brush it on the bagel tops at
  the beginning of the baking and again as soon as you remove the
  bagels from the oven for a very high shine.
  
  CONTINUED IN ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 4 B
  
  The Best Bagels are made at home by Dona Z. Meilach
  
  ISBN 1-55867-131-5
  
  Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 4 B
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Text
 
  TOPPINGS: A variety of toppings can be added to the bagel before
  baking, either directly to the dough after settling, or after the
  bagel is glazed. Poppy seeds, sesame seeds, caraway seeds and coarse
  salt are easiest to use because they can be placed in a dish directly
  from the jar, and the bagel can be dipped into the dish; the seeds
  adhere to the moist dough. Or they can be sprinkled on top of the
  bagels just before baking, and pressed down lightly to adhere. I've
  seen bagels with sparse toppings and those that are covered from top
  to bottom. There's no right or wrong way.
  
  Add 1/2 cup finely chopped, sautéed onions to the tops of the bagels.
  
  Add 1/2 cup finely chopped raw onions to the tops of the bagels; they
  will cook right along with the bagels.
  
  Use dehydrated onion flakes or packaged onion soup that you have
  reconstituted with water, olive oil, or vegetable oil. Use 1 tbs. dry
  product to 1/2 tbs. water or oil, and soak for 2 to 3 minutes.
  
  Mix together 1/2 cup chopped yellow onions, 1 green onion (white part
  only), 2 tsp. olive oil, 2 tsp. poppy seeds.
  
  Sprinkle with garlic salt, finely chopped fresh garlic or garlic
  flakes.
  
  For the "Everything Bagel" (see recipe), combine 1/2 cup finely
  chopped onions, 1 clove garlic, finely chopped, and 1/4 cup sesame
  seeds. Sprinkle mixture on bagel tops before baking.
  
  Use ground caraway or whole caraway seeds. These are particularly
  good on rye bagels. They can be combined with the topping for the
  "everything bagel".
  
  Sprinkle with red pepper flakes, adjusting the "heat" to your liking.
  
  Top with mixed fresh herbs, including parsley, chives and dill.
  
  Dip into or distribute about 1/4 cup coarse salt or kosher salt on
  top of 1 batch of bagels just before baking.
  
  Poppy, caraway, sesame and celery seeds can be used directly from the
  jar. Just dip the bagels into a dish of seeds or sprinkle seeds on
  top.
  
  Toasting nuts before using them on (and in) bagels enhances their
  flavor. Walnuts, almonds, pecans or hazelnuts can be used on bagels
  as toppings and also added to the dough at the beginning or before
  they are shaped and rise the second time.
  
  Sprinkle with rolled oats or multigrain cereal, which will brown while
  baking.
  
  Proceed to Step 6: Baking
  
  CONTINUED IN ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 5
  
  The Best Bagels are made at home by Dona Z. Meilach
  
  ISBN 1-55867-131-5
  
  Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BAGELS -- GENERAL DIRECTIONS 5
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Text
 
  STEP 6: BAKE
  
  Place bagels on a shelf just below the middle in a preheated 400F.
  oven and bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until the tops are a nice
  golden brown.
  
  BAKING SURFACES:
  
  Bake the bagels on a baking sheet. The easiest surface available to
  most home cooks is an aluminum cookie sheet or flat Teflon-coated
  sheet pan. Coat with a little oil and sprinkle very lightly with
  yellow cornmeal to prevent bagels from sticking. Or line the pan with
  parchment paper; it eliminates the use of oil and cornmeal and
  cleaning pans.
  
  Bake the bagels on wooden boards (described earlier in directions).
  Place bagels on the boards bottom side up to form a crusty bottom,
  and flip them off the board after 2 or 3 minutes onto a stone or
  sheet to continue baking.
  
  Bake the bagels directly on a baking stone or tiles. Place the stone
  or tiles on the lowest rack. Or line a baking sheet with the tiles
  and place that on the lowest rack. Preheat the oven, with stone or
  tiles inside, to 400F. for 1 hour before baking. Sprinkle cornmeal on
  the stone or tiles. Transfer unbaked bagels to the hot surface with a
  wooden peel (a long-handled wooden paddle used in baking), or any
  flat instrument with a long handle so you don't burn yourself; wear
  heavy padded gloves.
  
  Do not wash or immerse stone or tiles in cold water while they are
  hot; they may crack. Soak the cooled stone or tiles in cold water and
  scrape with a spatula. Do not use soap, as the surfaces tend to
  absorb soap, which will be imparted to the bagels. Stones and tiles
  will discolor, but that won't affect their baking ability. Don't
  place a hot stone directly on your kitchen counter; depending on the
  material, the heat could leave a mark.
  
  Steam baking gives bagel tops a crisp crust and extra shine. Create
  steam during the first few seconds of the baking by spraying the
  sides of the preheated oven with water from a spray bottle when you
  place the bagels inside. Place a heavy pan in the lower part of the
  oven bottom while it is heating. Place the bagels in the oven and
  then pour cold water or half a dozen ice cubes into the pan.
  
  STORING AND USING BAGELS:
  
  Bagels are best when they're eaten fresh from the oven while still
  warm. Because they don't usually contain egg or milk, they tend to
  dry out faster than breads that contain these ingredients. If you
  can't consume all the bagels in a reasonably short time, freezing
  them is recommended. It's smart to slice them horizontally before
  freezing so you can toast only half at a time, if you wish.
  
  Thaw bagels on the kitchen counter in a plastic bag for about 15
  minutes or toast directly from the freezer. Or zap them in the
  microwave oven for about 1 minute on DEFROST and then toast them
  until lightly browned on top. Microwaving too long will make them
  tough.
  
  What if a few bagels get stale? Put them into your blender or food
  processor and grind them into bread crumbs. None of the tasty bread
  need ever go to waste!
  
  The Best Bagels are made at home by Dona Z. Meilach
  
  ISBN 1-55867-131-5
  
  Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT BARBEQUING ROASTS
 Categories: Info, Bbq, Beef
      Yield: 1 Text file
 
 
  Subject: WHAT DID I DO WRONG?
  
  JC> This past Friday I made my first attempt in many years to
  barbecue JC> a rump roast. JC> I placed it on the spit over medium
  coals, using a meat JC> thermometer. It roasted for about 2 hours
  before reaching the JC> medium setting, at which time I removed it
  from the grill ... JC> When the meat was sliced the center was a nice
  medium pink. JC> The meat was tough as a piece of shoe leather.  What
  could I have JC> done wrong, or was it just a case of a bad piece of
  meat to begin JC> with?
  
  From:    Kathy Pitts
  
  Tough to tell long-distance, Jean, but I'd say the problem was too
  hot a fire.  Rump isn't the tenderest meat in the world to begin
  with, and if you subject it to too much heat too fast, the connective
  tissues are going to tighten up, forcing the moisture out, and
  resulting in a dry, tough hunk of cow.
  
  Next time, try roasting the meat in an pan, rather than the
  rotisserie, building your fire by making SMALL mounds of coals on
  either side of the roast (no heat directly below). If you like, you
  can place the roast directly on the grids of your grill, placing the
  pan in the center of the firebox to act as a buffer for the coals.
  
  Place a cover over the roast (if your grill doesn't have a cover, you
  can improvise one with some heavy wire and heavy-duty aluminum foil.)
  The heat from the coals should only result in an interior cooking
  temperature of 250-300 degrees.  If it goes down further, don't
  panic. Anything above 200 will cook the meat eventually, and the
  slower the better in this case.
  
  You also might try using a more acid marinade (wine, beer, lemon or
  lime juice in the marinade).  The acid will tenderize the meat
  somewhat (don't expect miracles, though).
  
  Good luck, and let us all know how the next one turns out.
  
  Kathy in Bryan, TX
  
  From:    Dave Sacerdote
  
  I've found the most common cause of a tough roast isn't the cut of
  meat or how you cook it, it's how you SLICE it.
  
  When you carve, make sure you're cutting across the grain of the
  meat. With a tied roast, this usually means that you have to change
  the angle of your cuts as you go along.
  
  As for the dryness:  I like to slightly undercook a roast when I do
  it on the grill's rotisserie.  The meat continues to cook for a few
  minutes after coming off the heat, as you know. Letting the roast
  rest for that time, like you did, usually gives it enough time to
  "finish off" without drying too much.  Remember that when you're
  rotisserie cooking, the fat side of the roast doesn't baste the meat
  nearly as much as a standing roast where the fat side stays on top
  throughout the whole time.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT CANNING
 Categories: Info, Canned, Jw
      Yield: 1 Text file
 
 
  Great care must be taken in canning to avoid spoilage. Non-acid foods
  require special care to avoid deadly botulism and require pressure
  cooking not just a boiling water bath.
  
  Check the elasticity of the sealing rubbers and discard cracked ones.
  Do not re-use old ones. Wash them in soap and hot water, rinse and
  place in a pan covering them with boiling water. Leave them soaking
  in the hot water until used.
  
  Check the jars for cracks and chips. Test the jars by filling with
  water and inverting; watch for leaks. Sterilize for 15 minutes in
  boiling water.
  
  Can only fresh, unblemished produce. Wash well to remove all dirt.
  Many foods require blanching to partially cook them and kill enzymes.
  Immerse in boiling water for 5 minutes, then plunge into cold water
  to arrest cooking. Tomatoes, berries and soft fruit do not need
  blanching. Meats should be 2/3 cooked by simmering or roasting.
  
  Add salt in the ratio of 1 tsp per quart for meats and vegetables Use
  a sugar syrup for fruits and add lemon juice or ascorbic acid to avoid
  discoloration. See "About Jams, jellies and preserves"
  
  Pack jars tightly to 1/2" from the top but do not crush the contents.
  Exception: peas, lima beans and corn need more room to expand; fill
  to 1" from the top and add boiling water to the 1/2" mark.
  
  Stir the contents to release trapped air bubbles before sealing the
  jars. Wet the rubber before using.
  
  Follow the manufacture's instructions that come with the pressure
  canner and add 1/2 lb pressure per 1000' in high altitudes. Use a
  boiling water bath only for tomatoes, acid fruits and brined
  vegetables. Use a rack to keep the jars off the bottom where they can
  overheat and crack. The water should be at least an inch over the
  jars at all times. Add 1 minute per 1000' feet for high altitudes.
  
  Store the finished product in a cool dark pantry or cellar. Berries,
  cherries and currants: Pack jars with washed, stemmed fruit and fill
  the jars with boiling medium syrup [3 cups sugar to 4 cups water
  brought slowly to a boil while stirring]. Process 15 minutes in a
  boiling water bath. [Cherries should either be pitted OR have their
  skins pierced with a pin if canned whole].
  
  Peaches: Scald to loosen skins. Peel and half, removing pits. Use
  medium syrup and process 20 min. in boiling water bath.
  
  Tomatoes: Scald and dip in cold water before skinning. Cut out cores
  but leave whole. Pack and fill jars with boiling water. Process 45
  min.in a boiling water bath.
  
  Vegetables: Type Blanch Canning Pressure
                          Time             Time
  
  Beans, green              5                55
                   10 and yellow Beets, small 10 45 10 Carrots, sliced
  5 45 10 Corn 1 75 15 Peas 5 45 10 Meats: Beef/pork "roast/simmer"
  pints: 75 10
                      til med-rare         qts:   90
  :         10 Tongue 45 min./skin/         75 or 90
  :         10
                      slice
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT COFFEE
 Categories: Beverages, Crocker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           See Below
 
  Start with a thoroughly clean coffee maker. Wash after each use with
  hot, soapy water and rinse well with hot water; never scour with an
  abrasive pad. When cleaning an automatic coffee maker, follow the
  manufacturer's directions.
  
  Always use fresh coffee and freshly drawn cold water. Never use hot
  water, especially in automatic coffee makers; it changes percolating
  time.
  
  Serve steaming-hot coffee as soon as possible after brewing. If
  coffee must stand any length of time, remove grounds and hold coffee
  at serving temperature over very low heat.
  
  Keep ground coffee tightly covered.
  
  PREPARATION METHODS Automatic: Follow manufacturer's directions for
  selecting grind of coffee (special ones are available), measuring and
  brewing the coffee and holding the coffee at serving temperature.
  
  Drip: Measure cold water and heat to boiling. Preheat coffeepot by
  rinsing with very hot water. Measure drip-grind coffee into filter
  paper in cone or into filter section of coffee-pot depending on the
  type of drip pot used. Pour measured fresh boiling water into upper
  container; cover. When dripping is completed, remove upper container
  and filter section.
  
                 COFFEE CHART Strength For each serving* of Brew Ground
  Coffee         Water Weak 1 level tb 3/4 cup Medium 2 level tb 3/4 cup
  Strong           3 level tb 3/4 cup *Best general recommendation.
  
  Source: Betty Crocker's Cookbook, 6th Edition
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT FREEZING BLUEBERRIES
 Categories: Digest, July, Text file
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 x  Text file
 
  Blueberries freeze very well.  Simply sort the fruit, don't wash, and
  pack in freezer bags or boxes. When you use the frozen fruit, simply
  wash in running water and use. Don't thaw. This is especially nice
  when adding blueberries to fruit salad or muffins where you don't
  want the rest of the product to turn purple. If you've already washed
  the berries, let them dry before freezing. My favorite way to eat
  blueberries is "straight up." For breakfast try the berries in rice
  (brown, white, what ever) with a little cinnamon and/or clove.
  
  From: Rita=Schulte%TV%WILL@bigbird.will.uiuc.edu. Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 9 Issue 29] July 20, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT JAMS  JELLIES & PRESERVES
 Categories: Jam, Jelly, Fruits, Preserves
      Yield: 1 Text file
 
 
  The less sugar you use the greater the flavor impact of the fruit. If
  honey is used there will be a flavor change and the jellies/jams must
  be cooked longer. If you use artificial sweeteners use only the
  Cyclamate type to avoid bitterness and follow the manufacturer's
  instructions. Cooked down jellies in which the juice is extracted by
  the open kettle method contain 60% fruit versus commercial products
  [pressure cooked to extract more juice but pectin destroying] with
  only 45%
  
  Jelly: has great clarity from dripping the cooked fruit through a
  cloth before adding sugar and finishing.
  
  Jams, Butter and Pastes: are whole fruit purees of increasing density.
  
  Marmalades, Preserves and Conserves: are bits of fruit in a heavy
  syrup.
  
  High Pectin Fruits: Apples, Crabapples, Quinces, Red Currants,
  Gooseberries, Plums and Cranberries. These need no additional pectin.
  If you get syrupy jelly you used too much sugar or did not cook the
  juice long enough after adding the sugar.
  
  Low Pectin Fruits: Strawberries, Blueberries, Peaches, Apricots,
  Cherries, Pears, Blackberries, Raspberries, Grapes, Pineapple and
  Rhubarb. These require combining with high pectin fruits or adding a
  commercial pectin.
  
  To Test Pectin Content: Put 1 tbl cooled fruit juice in a glass. Add
  an equal amount of grain alcohol and shake gently. The alcohol will
  bring the pectin together in a gel. If a large amount of pectin is
  present it will appear in a single mass or clot when poured from the
  glass. Use equal amounts of juice and sugar. If the pectin collects
  in several small particles use have as much sugar as juice.
  
  To sterilize jelly glasses: fill jars 3/4 full of water and place
  them in a shallow pan partly filled with water. Simmer 15 min and
  then keep hot until filled. If the lids are placed on the steaming
  jars they will be sterilized simultaneously.
  
  Tips: -Use enamel or stainless steel pots not aluminum or copper.
        -On average, use 3/4 c sugar to 1 c fruit or juice depending on
         pectin content[see above].
        -Very acid fruits can tolerate a whole c of sugar.
        -Sterilize jars and seal tightly.
        -For fruit that tends to discolor add lemon juice or Ascorbic
  acid.
        -Keep in a cool dark place but do not refrigerate.
  
  Making Jam: is easiest and most economical as it needs only one
  cooking step and uses the pulp. Measure the fruit. In putting it in
  the pan, crush the lower layers to provide moisture until more is
  drawn out by cooking or add a little water. Simmer the fruit until it
  is soft. Add sugar and stir until dissolved. Bring to a boil,
  stirring to avoid sticking. Reduce heat and cook until thickened- up
  to 1/2 hr.
  
  Making Preserves and Conserves: Place fruit in a pot with an equal
  amount of sugar in layers ending with sugar on top and allow to rest
  overnight. Bring slowly to a boil and simmer until fruit is
  translucent. Drain fruit and put in sterile jars. Simmer syrup longer
  if necessary to thicken it and pour over fruit. Seal and store.
  
  Making juice for jelly: Wash and drain fruit. Prick or crush the
  fruit. Add water if fruit is not juicy enough eg. apples. Add enough
  to the kettle that you can see it through the fruit but the fruit is
  not floating. Cook uncovered until the fruit is soft and loosing its
  color. Have ready a jelly bag [several layers of cheese cloth] . Wet
  it, wring it out and line a strainer with it. Let the juice drip
  through without squeezing it as this muddies and flavors the jelly.
  This juice can be kept up to 6 months before proceeding by freezing
  or canning it.
  
  Making jelly: Measure the strained juice and put it in an enamel or
  stainless steel pan. Simmer 5 min. Skim off froth. Measure and warm
  sugar in a pan in the oven and add it. Stir until dissolved. Cook at
  a gentle simmer until the point of jelling. To test, place a small
  amount of jelly on a spoon, cool it slightly and let it drop back
  into the pot from the side of the spoon. As the syrup thickens, 2
  large drops will form along the edge of the spoon. when these two
  drops run together and fall as a single drop the "sheeting" stage has
  been reached- 220 to 222 deg F and the jelly will be firm when
  cooled. It can take anywhere from 10 to 30 min for jelly to reach
  this stage depending on the fruit and the amount of sugar. Take the
  jars from the sterilizing bath and invert on a cake cooler. They
  should be hot but dry when filled. Fill to 1/4" from the top. Cover
  with melted paraffin 1/8" deep.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT MILKWEED BLOSSOMS
 Categories: Info, Side dish
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
           Milkweed buds
           ;Boiling water
           Butter; to taste
 
  Unopened buds are delicious when cooked but must be treated first to
  remove bitterness.  Put them in a pot, pour on boiling water, boil
  one minute, drain, and pour on more boiling water. Repeat this
  process three times or until no bitterness remains when you taste
  them. Cook them a little longer until just tender and serve with
  butter.
  
  Reader Jean McLain of Peoria, IL wrote "The Herb Companion" and
  asked: "Any ideas what can be done to use milkweed blossoms? The
  fragrance is musky but not unpleasant. Could they be used in
  moth-repellant bags?" HC responded with the above recipe and said
  they could find no mention of any use of the blossoms as a moth
  repellent.
  
  From "In Basket: Letters from Our Readers" in "The Herb Companion."
  Dec. 1992/Jan. 1993, Vol. 5, No. 2. Pg. 6. Posted by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT MISO
 Categories: Text file, Digest
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 ea Text file
 
  The best resource on Miso that I know of is Shurtleff and Aoyagi's
  book _The Book of Miso_.  It's quite a complex subject. The
  differences is miso can be attributed to a variet of factors, from
  the proportion of ingredients, cooking techniques, and duration and
  temperature of fermentation.  The redish color comes from long
  fermentation times (or in cheap imitations, from dyes). The whiter
  misos are generally fermented for short times, and often made with
  rice in addition to soybeans. Reds are generally saltier and whites
  sweeter.
  
  Misos vary widely in fat content (like most soy products) and
  generally range from .25 to 1.5 gram of fat per tablespoon (and from
  about 6%CFF to over 30%CFF). Some varieties, like peanut miso,
  obviously have even more fat.  Since it is rare that a dish has more
  than 1 T miso per serving, miso does not generally add appreciable
  fat to a dish. Many of the white sweet misos clock in at the low end
  (.25 grams per T, 6-10%CFF) so if you do want to use more miso, these
  kinds can be added liberally to a dish (and since their taste isn't
  as strong or salty, they do become many dishes in greater quantity).
  
  I find the dark, hearty misos make great gravy starters. Add a bit of
  water/stock, some nutritional yeast, spices and a thickener to some
  miso and voila, instant delicious gravy. A favorite miso-potato
  recipe follows.
  
  ~- Michelle Dick artemis@rahul.net
  
  On miso, you just have to try different kinds & brands. There are
  numerous styles of miso.  Red misos tend to be more "savory" and
  white ones are usually more "sweet". Country-style (Inaka) is made
  grainier on purpose. If served as a sauce on veggies, probably it's
  not straight miso but mixed w/sugar and some rice vinegar. BTW a
  warning to vegetarians, some misos come "dashi-iri" which includes
  fish-based stock.  I think the ingredients label in English will
  mention fish, but not sure (since I can read the Japanese, I don't
  usually check the English), so check the ingredients carefully.
  There is kombu-dashi (I even found some granulated packets) which is
  vegetarian, but most dashi is from bonito flakes (I guess it must be
  cheaper).
  
  Aiko P. From Fatfree Digest April-May 1994, Formatting by Sue Smith
  (using MMCONV)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT MOLE
 Categories: Info, Mexican
      Yield: 1 Text file
 
 
  Mole (pron. mole-a) is a series of Mexican sauces that contain ground
  chiles, spices, nuts, often chocolate, sometimes raisins, ground
  seeds, etc.
  
  There are three basic types of moles:
  
  1.  Mole Poblano (the most famous type, and the one that ALWAYS
  contains chocolate) was originated in Pueblo during Colonial times
  (Mexican colonial, not ours) by the nuns who wanted to make a special
  dish for a visiting Archbishop.  The sauce contains ground dried
  chile peppers, ground nuts, ground raisins, broth, chocolate,
  sometimes ground corn tortillas, a small amount of sugar, and various
  spices. It is traditionally served over turkey, with a side dish of
  unfilled tamales (just the cornmeal masa steamed in corn shucks.)
  It's one of those dishes that rarely finds its way out of the country
  of origin, and you either passionately love or passionately hate. I'd
  post a recipe if I could find one (Have recipes for all three
  versions floating around SOMEWHERE, but never got the time to enter
  'em into the computer, so they're a little tough to find). It may
  also be purchased pre-made (something I recommend, as the bottled
  version is excellent, and this is NOT something you'd want to attack
  from scratch on even a semi-regular basis). If Shirley is interested,
  I'll pick up a jar and ship it your way.
  
  2.  Mole Verde (green mole) contains green chiles, broth, ground
  pumpkin seeds, various herbs and spices. It's usually served over
  chicken or pork. Nice stuff, and much easier for the beginner to like
  than the Mole Poblano.
  
  3.  Mole Roja (red mole) is a sauce that contains red chiles, herbs
  and spices, ground nuts or seeds, ground corn tortillas, usually no
  chocolate. I THINK it comes from the region around Oxaca. Again, it's
  marginally easier to like than the more well-known version. It's
  usually served over chicken or pork.
  
  All of these dishes are virtual throwbacks to the complex (and to our
  palates unusual) combinations of ingredients that were common in that
  part of the country before the arrival of the Spaniards. None of the
  dishes is particularly hot, they have a complex, haunting flavor that
  speaks of cultures long gone, but not entirely forgotten.
  
  Don't know if you'd like 'em or not, Unka Burt (I do), but if you
  want just a hint of what I'm talking about, throw a square of
  unsweetened chocolate in your next batch of Left-Handed Chili, and
  let us know what you think.
  
  From: Kathy Pitts, Bryan, TX
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT PICKLING
 Categories: Info, Pickles, Joy, Jw
      Yield: 1 Text file
 
 
  Although many vitamins and minerals are leached away in the process,
  pickles remain popular as piquant side dishes and relishes long after
  more efficient food preservation techniques such as refrigeration,
  freezing and canning surplanted this pioneer mainstay as a primary
  food storage method.
  
  Short Brine Pickling:
  
  In this process the vegetables are soaked in brine 24 hours to draw
  out moisture but they are not fermented. To keep, they must have
  boiling hot vinegar poured over them which penetrates and preserves
  as well as crisping them. The final step after jarring and sealing is
  a 15 minute boiling water bath to kill any enzymes. If pickles show
  evidence of fermentation after being stored away [bubbles or leakage]
  either discard or immediately re-pickle.
  
  Because of the acids involved use stoneware, pottery, glass and
  enamel or stainless steel kettles. For stirring and transferring use
  a long handled stainless or wooden slotted spoon. Make sure all
  equipment is clean and grease free. Pickles should be stored in
  sterilized glass jars with glass lids. For sterilizing techniques,
  refer to "About Jams, Jellies and Preserves". [Posted by me last week]
  
  Fruits and vegetables should be very fresh, in prime condition without
  blemishes or bruises and scrubbed dirt free.
  
  Garlic should be blanched 2 minutes before adding or removed before
  jarring.
  
  Spices should be whole not ground and in a removable spice bag.
  
  Water should be low iron, low sulphur and soft. It can be softened
  with up to 1 tablespoon calcium oxide [lime] per quart. If your water
  supply is inadequate buy distilled water or collect rain water.
  
  Salt should be additive free Pickling salt. Regular table salt will
  cloud the liquid.
  
  Vinegar should be 6% acetic acid. Use white distilled vinegar not
  cider, wine or flavored vinegars.
  
  Lime water or cherry and grape leaves in the liquid will make pickles
  crisp. Use alum sparingly if at all and do not use the Copper Sulfate
  called for in old fashioned recipes as it is mildly poisonous in
  excessive amounts.
  
  Pickles should be stored at least 6 weeks to achieve maximum flavor
  and although they will keep for years should be consumed within one
  year as the flavor will deteriorate over time.
  
  This is based on extracts from the Joy of Cooking with amendments and
  additions by Jim Weller.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT PORK CHOPS
 Categories: Pork, Info
      Yield: 1 Text file
 
 
  SS> But I don't even bother buying pork chops any more, I don't want
  SS> to put leather on the table.  :(
  
  Don't know if you caught my post to Marlon or not, Sylvia, but the
  problem is not with you, it's with the pork. Now that pork producers
  are looking for a leaner, lighter product, pork requires much less
  cooking than is recommended in most cookbooks.  Most cookbook authors
  recommend cooking pork to an internal temperature of 160-175 to
  eliminate any possible danger of trichinosis (a problem that's been
  eliminated in commercially produced pork anyway). These temperatures
  are WAY too high for the leaner version, which tends to resemble shoe
  leather if treated this way. Try cooking your chops to an internal
  temperature of 140 or so instead (still well done, but not
  overcooked), and you'll have MUCH better results.
  
  My favorite thing to do with pork chops is to stuff 'em. Allow one
  double-thick pork chop or two thinner chops for each person you're
  feeding.
  
  Make a stuffing with cornbread (or one of the cornbread stuffing
  mixes), chopped onion, chopped celery, a small can of whole kernal
  corn, a bit of chicken broth.  Simmer the onion and celery in the
  broth until tender, and add the remaining ingredients. Season to
  taste with salt, black pepper, a generous amount of either sage or
  thyme.
  
  If using double-thick chops, cut a deep pocket in the chop, and
  insert the stuffing.  If using thinner chops, don't stuff yet. Either
  way, melt a small amount of shortening in a frying pan, and quickly
  brown the chops (brown thinner chops on one side only).
  
  Place the chops in an oven-proof baking dish.  (If using thin chops,
  place one chop, browned side down in the dish, top with a scoop of
  stuffing, and top with another chop, browned side up).
  
  Place just enough liquid in the pan to cover the pan bottom, cover
  the pan, and bake in a 350 degree oven until the chops reach an
  internal temperature of 140 (35-60 minutes, depending on the
  thickness of the meat).
  
  Any leftover stuffing can be baked separately.
  
  I usually make a pan gravy with the drippings from browning the
  chops, plus some flour and chicken broth (pork stock would be better,
  but I never seem to have any
  :-).  If you don't want gravy, just deglaze the baking dish with more
  chicken stock, and spoon this liquid over the chops.
  
  Sorry not to offer an official recipe here, but this is one of those
  home-style dishes that I just throw together. Have never measured
  anything for it, and I suspect it's never QUITE the same any time I
  make it. Good stuff, though.  At least it's one of Mooseface's
  favorites :-)
  
  Kathy in Bryan, TX
  
  From:    Kathy Pitts
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT POTATO VARIETIES
 Categories: Digest, Mar95
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 ea Text reference
 
  Check the state of origin on the bag to see if you have Michigan
  boilers or an off brand Idaho baker. For boiling, I like Michigan
  (plain old brown potatoes), red (thin skinned), and Yukon Golds - and
  those lovely new red potatoes in the spring!  For baking, Idaho or
  russets. For mashing, russets. I know there are lots of neat
  varieties out there that I haven't seen, please let us all know about
  them!
  
  Posted by "Anne.Cox" <20676AC@msu.edu> to the Fatfree Digest [Volume
  16 Issue 12] Mar. 16, 1995.
  
  Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen
  Mintzias, km@salata.com.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT PULSES
 Categories: Info/tips
      Yield: 1 Info/tips
 
 
  "Some of the most common kinds of pulses used in Indian cooking are as
  follows:
  
  Chana dal (or gram dal) are hulled and split chick-peas. Deep yellow
  in color, these pulses do not need soaking before cooking."
  
  "Kabli chana are yellow chick-peas. Unhulled and beige in color, they
  need overnight soaking before cooking.
  
  "Kala chana are small brown or black chick-peas. Like kabli chana,
  they require long presoaking and cooking to become tender.
  
  "Continental masoor are whole greenish-brown lentils. Flat and
  oval-shaped, they originated in the West and were adopted by India,
  so they should already be fairly familiar to you. They do not need
  presoaking."
  
  "Masoor are brown Indian lentils. Whole but smaller than continental
  masoor, they do not require presoaking.
  
  "Masoor dal are split masoor which are tiny and salmon-pink because
  they have also been hulled. They do not need presoaking and turn
  yellow when they cook.
  
  "Moong beans (or hari dal) are dark green, small, and slightly
  cylindrical in shape. They need 2-4 hours' soaking before cooking,
  but if oversoaked they will sprout and become moong bean sprouts so
  familiar in the West."
  
  "Moong dal chilka are split moong beans, green on one side and pale
  on the other. They do not need presoaking.
  
  "Moong dal are split, light yellow, and rectangular in shape because
  they are hulled. They do not need to be soaked before cooking.
  
  "Toor dal (or arhar dal) are a hulled, split pulse, a little larger
  than chana dal. Dull and yellow-colored, they do need presoaking."
  
  "Urid (or black matpe) are small, dull, and black, similar in size and
  shape to moong beans. They must be presoaked.
  
  "Urid dal are split urid that do not need to be soaked before cooking.
  
  "Washed urid dal are off-white because they have been hulled and
  washed as well as split. They do not require presoaking."
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT QUICK BREADS
 Categories: Breads, Crocker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           See Below
 
  As their name suggests, quick breads are just that-fast and very easy
  to make. Quick breads range from pancakes to tender, flaky biscuits
  to moist, rich nut breads.
  
  Quick-acting baking powder rather than slower-acting yeast is the
  leavening agent for quick breads. It consists of an acid, such as
  cream of tartar, and an alkali, such as baking soda, which react with
  one another in the presence of moisture to form a gas. In batter or
  dough this gas forms tiny bubbles that expand quickly, creating the
  structure of the quick bread. To be sure it is always fresh, purchase
  only a small quantity of baking powder at a time.
  
  BAKING TIPS
  
  Use shiny pans and cookie sheets, which reflect heat, for golden,
  delicate and tender crusts on muffins, coffee cakes and nut breads.
  
  Grease only the bottoms of muffin cups; muffins will then be nicely
  shaped and have no rim around the top edge.
  
  Grease only the bottoms of loafpans for fruit or nut breads. The
  ungreased sides provide a surface for the batter to cling to while
  rising during baking, which helps form a gently rounded top.
  
  Cool nut breads completely before slicing to prevent crumbling. Cut
  with a sharp, thin-bladed knife, using a light sawing motion.
  
  Source: Betty Crocker's Cookbook, 6th Edition
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT RED MULBERRY
 Categories: Info, Fruits, Jw
      Yield: 1 Text file
 
 
  How to Recognize: The only mulberry native to Canada, it is a short-
  trunked deciduous tree under 30 feet in height. The bark is reddish
  brown, separating in long, flaky plates. The yellowish green leaf
  blades are large, up to 5" long, widest below the middle and have
  hairy undersides. They are simple with pointed tips and the stems are
  long with 3 prominent veins at the base of each leaf. Male and female
  flowers are borne in separate clusters appearing with or before the
  first leaves. The fruits are dark red to black compact aggregates
  which resemble blackberries.
  
  White mulberry is an Asian tree whose foliage is used for silkworm
  feed and has been introduced as an ornamental and is an escapee
  throughout eastern North America. It has lustrous smooth leaves and
  whitish or reddish fruit.
  
  Where to Find: Southernmost Ontario in moist, rich soils often mixed
  with other hardwoods.
  
  How to Use: Harvest easily by spreading sheets under the tree and
  shaking the branches gently. Juicy and sweet when ripe; delicious
  raw, in fruit beverages, or in baked desserts. Alone or in
  combination with acid fruits such as gooseberries or cherries. Can be
  frozen or dried like raisins. Use as in blackberry and raspberry
  recipes.
  
  WARNING: Be careful not to eat raw fruit before it is ripe. Unripe
  fruit and the milky sap in the leaves and stems are toxic and can
  cause gastric upsets. The leaves and stems may also cause dermatitis
  if touched by susceptible individuals. From: Edible Wild Fruits and
  Nuts of Canada,
      published by the National Museums of Canada,
      ISBN 0-660-00128-4
  
  Posted by: Jim Weller
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT SHRIMP
 Categories: Shellfish, Info
      Yield: 1 Text file
 
 
  If I may, I'd like to give you some unsolicited advice on handling
  your shrimp.  The better it's treated, the better it's going to taste
  in the end.
  
  1.  Only defrost the quantity you're going to use at any one time (I'm
  hoping here that the shrimp arrived frozen in manageable blocks. If
  not, place it in your refrigerator until it's thawed enough to
  portion, but still icy and essentially frozen.  Portion and re-freeze
  what you're not going to use immediately).
  
  2.  Thaw the shrimp in the refrigerator or in a bucket, by running
  COLD running water over it. If you use the cold water method, allow
  the water to run over the top of the bucket and into the sink, to
  ensure a constant supply of fresh water (the temperature of the
  thawing water should never exceed 70 degrees, and the temperature of
  the thawed shrimp should never exceed 40 degrees.) If your tap water
  is hotter, add ice to the thawing shrimp.  If the shrimp exceeds 40
  degrees, place it in a bath of half ice and half COLD water, and
  refrigerate until it comes down to below 40. Store thawed shrimp
  under refrigeration in a mixture of half shrimp, half ice.
  
  3.  To peel, devein your shrimp, go to your local seafood market or
  gadget center, and pick up a nifty little gadget called a
  "shrimptool". It will cost a couple of dollars, and for the quantity
  of shrimp we're talking about here, it's worth it.
  
  4.  If you want to peel/devein the shrimp for a recipe, keep the
  unpeeled shrimp on ice as you work with it. Do not let the
  temperature exceed 40 degrees.  Drop your peeled, deveined shrimp
  into an ice water bath until you're ready to use it.  Peeled deveined
  shrimp may be held this way for up to 24 hours without much loss in
  flavor/texture.
  
  This seems like a lot of trouble, but shrimp begins to lose
  flavor/texture almost immediately once it gets the least bit warm.
  Health/safety questions aside, the ice method, while troublesome,
  results in a MUCH better tasting end product.
  
  One other tip -- the iodine in the shrimp will be irritating to your
  hands, if you handle a large quantity at a time. To avoid this, soak
  your hands in a strong solution of baking soda and water after
  working with large amounts.
  
  Finally, a quick recipe for fried shrimp that we enjoy:
  
  Go to the store and purchase a package of tempura batter mix. Make
  the mix according to package directions, substituting cold beer (or
  cold club soda, if you prefer to avoid alcohol) for the water called
  for in the recipe.
  
  Dip butterflied peeled, deveined shrimp in the batter, and fry in hot
  deep fat until light gold (it won't and shouldn't get deep brown).
  
  The leftover batter makes unbelievable onion rings.
  
  Kathy in Bryan, TX
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT TEA
 Categories: Beverages, Crocker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           See Below
 
  The tea you buy is a delicate blend of some 20 to 30 varieties.
  Quality varies according to the soil, climate and altitude in which
  it is grown and the age and size of the leaves when they are picked.
  
  Broadly classified, there are three types: black, oolong and green.
  
  Black tea derives its color from a special processing treatment in
  which the leaves are allowed to oxidize. This turns the leaves black
  and produces a rich brew.
  
  Oolong tea is semioxidized. Its leaves are brown and green. It brews
  light in color.
  
  Green tea is not oxidized, thus the leaves remain green. The brew is
  pale green in color.
  
  PREPARATION METHOD Whether you use loose tea or tea bags, the
  preparation method is the same:
  
  Start with a spotlessly clean teapot made of glass, china or
  earthenware. Add rapidly boiling water; allow to stand a few minutes,
  then pour out.
  
  Heat cold water to a full rolling boil.
  
  Add tea or bags to the warm pot, allowing 1 teaspoon of loose tea or
  1 tea bag for each cup of tea desired. Pour boiling water over tea
  (3/4 cup for each cup of tea); let stand 3 to 5 minutes to bring out
  the full flavor. Stir the tea once to ensure uniform strength.
  
  Do not judge the strength of tea by its color; You must taste it.
  
  Strain the tea or remove tea bags. Serve with sugar and milk or lemon
  if desired.
  
  Prepare instant tea, a concentrate, according to the directions on
  the jar.
  
  Source: Betty Crocker's Cookbook, 6th Edition
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT VANILLA BEANS
 Categories: Information, Vanilla
      Yield: 1 Info file
 
           Information only
 
  Information from the 1996 Old Farmer's Almanac, "What You Can Eat To
  Achieve True Peace of Mind", by Ken Haedrich
  
  The vanilla orchid is a member of the plant family known as
  Orchidaceae and is the only orchid that produces edible fruit. The
  beans grow on a thick vine that flourishes in warm, moist climates
  within 25 degrees of the equator.  The vanilla plant begins to bear
  fruit when it is three or four years old.  Eight to nine months after
  pollination, the beans are golden yellow and ready for harvest and
  curing.
  
  It takes about five to six pounds of green, freshly picked vanilla
  beans to make one pound of properly cured beans. There are basically
  two ways to cure the beans: in the sun or over a fire. Using the
  solar method, beans are spread in the hot sun by day and wrapped in
  blankets and placed in wooden boxes by night. The sweating process is
  repeated over and over for six months, until the beans have lost up
  to 80 percent of their moisture content.  This method produces
  superior results and is used in Madascar, Mexico, the former Bourbon
  Islands, Tonga, and Tahiti.
  
  The wood-fire curing method, used in Indonesia and Bali, takes only
  two or three weeks, but produces a dry, brittle bean with a smoky
  flavor, generally considered inferior.
  
  When you buy a vanilla bean at your market, the black, oily, smooth
  pod you're buying is a cured bean.  When you purchase a bottle of
  pure vanilla extract, you're buying beans whose flavor components
  have been dissolved in a solution of water and alcohol.  By law, pure
  vanilla extract must contain at least 35 percent alcohol by volume.
  Anything less is labeled a flavor. Pure vanilla extracts come in a
  variety of folds, or strengths. The Food and Drug Administration has
  established that a fold of vanilla is the extractive matter of 13.35
  ounces of vanilla beans to a gallon of liquid. Strong, pure extracts,
  such as four-fold, are primarily used in mass food production.
  
  What about imitation vanilla? ~----------------------------
  
  Not only is pure vanilla expensive, but demand also far exceeds the
  world's supply of the real thing. Stepping in to fill the void is the
  chemist, who has come up with a variety of imitations made from
  synthetic vanillin, the organic component that gives vanilla its
  distinctive flavor and fragrance. Most synthetic vanillin is a
  byproduct of the paper industry, made by cooking and treating
  wood-pulp effluent. But since vanillin is only one of more than 150
  flavor and fragrance compounds found in pure vanilla, the chemist has
  yet to match the subtlety with which Mother Nature has endowed the
  real thing.
  
  How to tell a good bean when you see one.
  ~----------------------------------------
  
  Quality is key.  To truly experience all the flavor and fragrance
  vanilla has to offer, you have to seek out quality beans and
  extracts. Generally speaking, look for beans that are supple and
  aromatic. Tahitian beans are moister and relatively short and plump,
  with thin skins and a floral aroma. Bourbon beans (so called because
  they originate in Madagascar, Reunion, and the Comoros, formerly
  known as the Bourbon Islands) are slightly dryer, contain more
  natural vanillin, and have thick skins (the flavor has nothing to do
  with bourbon whiskey.) Stay away from dry, brittle, or smoky-smelling
  beans.  Depending upon quality and variety, single vanilla beans
  retail from about $1.50 to $10 apiece. Vanilla beans should be kept
  at room temperature in an airtight container. Don't refrigerate them
  or they may develop mold. Vanilla beans last up to two years.
  
  Especially if you cook with it often, it is more economical to buy
  pure vanilla extract by the pint, or even the quart, and share it
  with a friend. The best pure extracts contain no caramel and
  artificial color and little or no sugar.  Store extract at room
  temperature, tightly closed. It will keep up to five years.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT YEAST BREADS - BAKING TIPS
 Categories: Info, Crocker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           See Below
 
  Use loaf pans of anodized aluminum, darkened metal glass for bread
  with well-browned crusts.
  
  Shiny cookie sheets or muffin cups produce sweet rolls u tender,
  golden brown crusts.
  
  Stagger loaf pans on a lower shelf of the oven so they do not touch
  sides of the oven or each other.
  
  The top of each pan should be level with, or slightly above, the
  middle of the oven.
  
  If baking round loaves on a cookie sheet, place the sheet on the
  center rack.
  
  Doneness is determined by tapping the crust. The loaf will have a
  hollow sound when done.
  
  Remove loaves from pans immediately and place on wire racks away from
  draft. to cool.
  
  For a shiny, soft crust, brush just-baked loaf with margarine, butter
  or shortening.
  
  STORING Bread and rolls can be stored in airtight containers in a
  cool dry place for 5 to 7 days. Refrigerate only in hot, humid
  weather. Breads can be stored, tightly wrapped in moistureproof or
  vaporproof material, labeled and dated, in the freezer for 2 to 3
  months. To thaw, let stand wrapped at room temperature for 2 to 3
  hours.
  
  Source: Betty Crocker's Cookbook, 6th Edition
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT YEAST BREADS - INGREDIENTS
 Categories: Crocker, Info
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        1 x  See Below
  
  Flour: All-purpose flour is the most widely used flour. It contains a
  special protein called gluten the structure builder of bread. When
  mixed with liquid and kneaded or beaten, the gluten stretches and
  gives elasticity to the dough by trapping bubbles of gas formed by
  the yeast. Some flours, such as rye and whole wheat, lack sufficient
  gluten and usually are used in combination with all-purpose flour.
  Self rising flour, which already contains leavening and salt, is not
  often recommended for yeast breads. However, all recipes were tested
  with self rising flour; adjustments are indicated when necessary.
  
  Yeast: Yeast is a live plant that gives off a gas that makes dough
  rise: It is very sensitive-too much heat will kill it, but cold will
  stunt its growth. Yeast is available in several forms: regular active
  dry yeast, quick-acting active dry yeast and compressed yeast. All of
  our recipes have been tested with dry yeast. Most of the recipes
  follow the traditional method of dissolving the yeast in warm water
  (105 to 115F). However, some recipes yield better results by mixing
  the yeast with the flour, then beating in very warm water (120 to
  130F).
  
  Liquids: Water or milk are the most commonly used liquids. Water gives
  bread a crisper crust; milk, a velvety texture and added nutrients.
  
  Sweeteners: Sugar, honey or molasses provide "food" for the yeast,
  enhance flavor and help brown the crust.
  
  Salt: A flavor agent that is needed to control the growth of the
  yeast and prevent overrising, which can cause the bread to collapse.
  
  Fat: Added to contribute to tenderness and flavor.
  
  Eggs: For flavor, richness and color, eggs are sometimes added.
  
  Source: Betty Crocker's Cookbook, 6th Edition
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABOUT YEAST BREADS - YEAST DOUGHS
 Categories: Crocker, Info
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        1 x  See Below
  
  There are basically two kinds of yeast doughs-kneaded and batter. Both
  doughs need to rise before shaping and baking. To let dough rise,
  cover and keep in a warm, draft-free place. If necessary, place
  covered bowl of dough on wire rack over a bowl of warm water.
  
  Kneaded dough: Kneading develops the gluten and results in bread with
  an even texture and a smooth, nicely rounded top.
  
  After first addition of flour has been beaten in, dough will be very
  soft and will fall in "sheets" off rubber spatula.
  
  The second addition of flour makes the dough stiff enough to knead.
  Mix in only enough flour so dough leaves side of the bowl.
  
  To knead, fold dough toward you. With heels of hands, push dough away
  with short rocking motions. Give dough a quarter turn; repeat.
  
  When dough is properly kneaded, it will feel elastic and the top will
  be smooth with some blisters appearing on the surface.
  
  Dough should rise until double. Test by pressing fingertips 1/2 inch
  into dough. If impression remains, dough has risen enough.
  
  Punch down center of dough with your fist. Fold dough over and form
  into a ball. This releases large air bubbles to produce a finer
  texture.
  
  If dough is not sufficiently kneaded, the bread will be coarse, heavy,
  crumbly and dry.
  
  Batter dough: Batter breads are really shortcut no-knead yeast breads.
  Because less flour is used, the dough is stickier; instead of being
  kneaded, it is beaten with a mixer with the first addition of flour.
  The batter is generally not shaped but spread in the pan. The bread
  has a coarser texture and pebbled surface.
  
  REFRIGERATING YEAST DOUGH Yeast dough made with water (except. plain
  bread dough) can be refrigerated up to 5 days. However, if milk and
  at least 1/4 cup sugar are used, refrigerate no longer than 3 days.
  After mixing dough, grease top well. Cover with moistureproof wrap,
  then a damp cloth. Keep cloth damp during storage. When ready to
  bake, shape dough; let rise until double, 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Bake as
  directed. Source: Betty Crocker's Cookbook, 6th Edition
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABRAYSHAM KABAUB ( SILK KEBAB)
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------SYRUP--------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Granulated sugar
      1 c  Water
      1 ts Lemon juice
    1/4 ts Saffron threads (optional)

MMMMM---------------------------OMELET--------------------------------
      8    Eggs
      1 pn Salt

MMMMM-------------------------TO FINISH------------------------------
      2 c  Oil
    3/4 c  Finely chopped pistachios *
    1/2 ts Ground cardamom
 
  *Note: Instead of pistachio nuts, walnuts may be used if desired.
  Dissolve sugar in water in heavy pan over medium heat. Bring to the
  boil, add lemon juice and saffron and boil for 10 minutes. Cool and
  strain into a 25 cm (10 inch) pie plate.  Keep aside. Break eggs into
  a casserole dish about 20 cm (8 inches) in diameter. The size and
  flat base are important. Add salt and mix eggs with fork until yolks
  and whites are thoroughly combined - do not beat as eggs must not be
  foamy. Heat oil in an electric frypan to 190 C (375 F) or in a 25 cm
  (10 inch) frypan placed on a thermostatically controlled hot plate or
  burner. Have ready nearby a long skewer, the plate of syrup, a baking
  sheet and the nuts mixed with the cardamom. A bowl of water and a
  cloth for drying hands are also necessary. Hold dish with eggs in one
  hand next to the pan of oil and slightly above it. Put hand into egg,
  palm down, so that egg covers back of hand. Lift out hand, curling
  fingers slightly inwards, then open out over hot oil, fingers
  pointing down.  Move hand across surface of oil so that egg falls in
  streams from fingertips.  Dip hand in egg again and make more strands
  across those already in pan.  Repeat 3 to 4 times until about an
  eighth of the egg is used.  There should be a closely meshed layer of
  egg strands about 20 cm (8 inches) across.  Work quickly so that the
  last lot of egg is added not long after the first lot. Rinse hands
  quickly and dry. Take skewer and slide under bubbling omelet, lift up
  and turn over to lightly brown other side. The first side will be
  bubbly, the underside somewhat smoother. When golden brown lift out
  with skewer and drain over pan. Place omelet flat in the syrup, spoon
  syrup over the top and lift out with skewer onto baking sheet. Roll
  up with bubbly side inwards. Finish roll should be about 3 cm (1 1/4
  inches) in diameter.  Put to one side and sprinkle with nuts. Repeat
  with remaining egg, making 7 to 8 rolls in all. Though depth of egg
  diminishes, you will become so adept that somehow you will get it in
  the pan in fine strands. When cool, cut kabaubs into 4-5 cm (1 1/2 to
  2 inch pieces and serve. These keep well in a sealed container in a
  cool place.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABSINTHE SUISSESSE
 Categories: Essence, Of, Emeril
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
    1 1/2 oz Pernod
      1/2 oz orgeat -- (almond simple
  :          syrup)
        1    egg white -- (optional)
      1/2 oz heavy cream
        4 oz shaved ice
  
  In freezer chill an old-fashioned glass until frosted. In a blender
  combine all ingredients; process 5 seconds or until frothy. Pour into
  prepared glass and serve
  
  Recipe By     :ESSENCE OF EMERIL SHOW #EE031
  
  From: Rowaan <rowaan@ix.Netcom.Com>   Date: Wed, 16 Oct 1996 00:01:51
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABSOLUTE STRESS
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, Mixed drink
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 oz Malibu Rum
      1 oz Absolut Vodka
    1/2 oz Peach Schnapps
      2 oz Cranberry Juice
      1 oz Pineapple Juice
 
  Absolute Stress Pour all liquors in, then add juices. Shake well.
  
  Recipe by: Jay York
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABSOLUTELY  DELICIOUS  CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Kaz, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Sugar
      1 tb Vanilla
      8 oz Cream cheese
      1 c  Sour cream
      8 oz Cool Whip
      2    Graham
      2 cn Cherry pie filling
           Pie crusts
 
  Mix sugar, vanilla and cream cheese together.  Stir in sour cream,
  then mix it slowly in blender.  Add the Cool Whip. Spread the cheese
  mixture evenly in graham pie crusts, thenspread pie filling on top.
  Chill approximately 2 hours before serving.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABSOLUTELY APRICOT
 Categories: Abm, Fruits, Misc
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      3 ts Yeast; (active dry)
      3 c  Bread Flour
      2 tb Dry milk
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Butter
    1/4 c  Apricot Jam
    3/4 c  Dried Apricots; chopped
  1 1/4 c  -Water
 
  If your machine offers the option, use the "light crust" setting as
  the crust browns more due to the sugar content of the jam. Try to use
  a jam with a high fruit content & few additives. This recipe can be
  baked on the regular, rapid bake, or timed settings. I have a DAK
  Turbo II & baked it on the reg setting.  It was one of the few loaves
  that have turned out really well lately...think my DAK is dying; just
  today ordered a ZOJI from Irwin. The bread kept VERY well in a
  Rubbermaid container...was nice & fresh for a whole week (I forgot
  about the last couple of slices!). I even made it when MY
  mother-in-law came to visit & she LOVED it! Hope it turns out good
  for you.
  
  Formatted by Elaine Radis BGMB90B; September, 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABSOLUTELY APRICOT BREAD
 Categories: Whole wheat, Electric, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Water
      2 c  Bread Flour
      1 tb Nonfat Dried Milk
      1 ts Salt
      1 tb Nonfat Dried Milk
      3 ts Salt
    1/2 tb Applesauce
      2 tb Apricot jam
    1/2 c  Dried chopped apricots
      2 ts Yeast
 
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABSOLUTELY DEEP DARK CHOCOLATE FUDGE BISCUITS
 Categories: Cookies, Chocolate, Low-fat/low
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
  7 1/2 oz All-purpose flour
      2 oz Cocoa Powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      8 oz Chocolate -- broken in 16
           Pcs
      4 oz Unsweetened Chocolate --
           Broken in 8 pcs
     12 oz Light Brown Sugar
      6 oz Unsalted Butter
      3    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 lb Chocolate Chips
 
  [Note: Instead of the unsweetened chocolate, I just used an extra
  4ozs of plain chocolate, and got perfect results. I think as long as
  you're using *really* good plain chocolate, say at least 55% cocoa
  solids, it doesn't really matter!]
  
  Preheat the oven to 325F / 170C / Gas 3.
  
  Sift together the flour, cocoa powder, bicarbonate of soda, and salt.
  Set aside.
  
  Heat 1 inch of water in the bottom half of a double boiler over medium
  heat. Place the plain and the unsweetened chocolates in the top half
  of the double boiler. Tightly cover the top with cling film and allow
  to heat for 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from the heat and stir until
  smooth. Keep at room temperature until needed.
  
  Place the soft light brown sugar and butter in the bowl of an electric
  mixer fitted with a paddle. Beat on medium for 1 minute. Scrape down
  the bowl and beat on high for an additional 30 seconds. Scrape down
  the bowl. Add the eggs, one at a time, while beating on medium, and
  stopping to scrape down the bowl after incorporating each addition.
  Add the vanilla essence and beat on medium for 30 seconds. Add the
  melted chocolate and beat on low for 10 seconds more. Scrape down the
  bowl and beat for an additional 30 seconds. Add the sifted flour,
  cocoa powder, bicarbonate of soda, and salt, and the chocolate chips,
  and beat on low until thoroughly combined - about 20 to 30 seconds.
  Remove the bowl from the mixer and mix thoroughly with a rubber
  spatula.
  
  Portion 6 to 8 biscuits per baking sheet by dropping 2 level
  tablespoons of batter per biscuit onto each of 2 non-stick baking
  sheets. Place the biscuits on the top and middle shelves of the
  preheated oven and bake for 18 to 22 minutes, rotating the sheets
  from top to bottom about halfway through the baking time. Allow the
  biscuits to cool for 5 to 6 minutes on the baking sheets. Transfer
  the biscuits to a cooling rack to thoroughly cool before storing in a
  sealed plastic container. Repeat this
  
  procedure until all the biscuits have been baked.
  
  Makes 3 to 3.  5 dozen biscuits
  
  >From Marcel Desaulniers' "Death By Chocolate"
  
  Recipe By: Paul Vincent <KNDUSR18@MSMAIL-GATEWAY. UNIVERSITY-CENTRAL-
  EN
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABSOLUTELY DEEP DARK CHOCOLATE FUDGE COOKIES
 Categories: Biscuits
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg

MMMMM--------------------------COOKIES-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Unsweetened cocoa
  1 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      8 oz Semisweet baking chocolate,
           -broken
      4 oz Unsweetened baking
           -chocolate, broken
  1 1/2 c  Firmly packed light brown
           -sugar
    3/4 c  Unsalted butter
      3    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
     18 oz Semisweet chocolate chips

MMMMM-----------------OPTIONAL CHOCOLATE GANACHE----------------------
      1 c  Whipping cream
      2 tb Unsalted butter
      2 tb Granulated sugar
     12 oz Semisweet baking chocolate,
           -broken
 
  To prepare Cookies: Preheat oven to 325 degrees.
  
  Sift together cocoa, flour, baking soda and salt onto a sheet of wax
  paper. Set aside.
  
  Heat 1 inch of water in the bottom of a double boiler over medium
  heat. Place semisweet and unsweetened baking chocolate in top half of
  the double boiler. Tightly cover the top pan with plastic wrap and
  heat 12 to 15 minutes. Remove from heat and stir chocolate until
  smooth. Keep at room temperature.
  
  Place brown sugar and butter in the bowl of electric mixer and beat on
  medium speed 1 minute. Scrape down bowl and beat on high speed
  additional 30 seconds. Scrape down bowl. Add eggs, 1 at a time, while
  beating on medium, stopping to scrape down bowl after incorporating
  each addition.
  
  Add vanilla and beat on medium 30 seconds. Add melted baking
  chocolate and beat on low 10 seconds more. Scrape down bowl and beat
  additional 30 seconds. Add flour mixture and beat on low until
  thoroughly combined, 20 to 30 seconds. Remove bowl from mixer, add
  chocolate chips and mix thoroughly with rubber spatula.
  
  Using 2 baking sheets, portion 6 to 8 cookies per baking sheet by
  dropping 2 level tablespoons batter per cookie onto each sheet. Place
  pans on top and middle shelves of oven. Bake 18 to 22 minutes,
  rotating sheets from top to bottom about halfway through baking time.
  Cool cookies on pans 5 to 6 minutes.
  
  Transfer cookies to wire rack. Repeat procedure until all cookies
  have been baked. Cool cookies thoroughly before storing in sealed
  plastic container.
  
  To prepare Chocolate Ganache: Heat cream, butter and sugar in medium
  saucepan over medium-high heat. When hot, stir to dissolve sugar.
  Bring mixture to boil.
  
  Place chocolate in stainless steel bowl and pour boiling cream over
  chocolate. Let stand 5 minutes. Stir until smooth. Cool to room
  temperature. (Ganache can be made 3 to 4 days ahead and refrigerated.
  Reheat, stirring. Bring to room temperature before using.)
  
  Put ganache in a serving bowl, so guests can dip their cookies in
  before eating. Makes about 2 1/2 cups.
  
  Adapted from "Death by Chocolate" Marcel Desaulniers.
  
  Makes 3 to 3 1/2 dozen cookies.
  
  From the Oregonian's FOODday, 2/9/93.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ABSTRACT OF ORNISH DIET (REFERENCE)
 Categories: Digest, July, Text
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           None
 
  You can eat the following foods whenever you feel hungry until you
  are full (but not until you are stuffed):
  
  o Beans and legumes (lentils, kidney beans, peas, black beans, red
  Mexican beans, split peas, soybeans, black-eyed peas, garbanzos, navy
  beans, and so on)
  
  o Fruits (apples, apricots, bananas, strawberries, cherries,
  blueberries, oranges, peaches, raspberries, cantaloupes, watermelons,
  pears, honeydew melons, pineapples, tomatoes, etc.)
  
  o Grains (corn, rice, oats, wheat, millet, barley, buckwheat, etc.)
  
  o Vegetables (potatoes, zucchini, broccoli, carrots, lettuce,
  mushrooms, eggplant, celery, asparagus, onions, sweet potatoes,
  spinach, etc.)
  
  You can eat the following foods in moderation:
  
  o Nonfat dairy products, including skim milk, nonfat yogurt, nonfat
  cheeses, nonfat sour cream, and egg whites. [Equivalent of one cup of
  skim milk per day from all sources.]
  
  o Nonfat or very low-fat commercially available products, including
  Life Choice frozen dinners, whole-grain breakfast cereals, Health
  Valley chili (and many other Health Valley products), Kraft Free
  non-fat mayonnaise and salad dressings, Guiltless Gourmet tortilla
  chips, Quaker Oats oatmeal, Nabisco Fat-free crackers, Fleischmann's
  Egg Beaters, Pritikin soups, Light n' Lively Free nonfat sour cream,
  Haagen-Dazs frozen yogurt bars, Entenmann's fat-free desserts (watch
  out for sugar, though), and many others.  Many more fat-free products
  are on the way.
  
  Here are the foods to avoid as much as possible:
  
  o Meats (all kinds, including chicken and fish)
  
  o Oils (all kinds) and oil-containing products, including margarines
  and most salad dressings
  
  o Avocados
  
  o Olives
  
  o Nuts and seeds
  
  o High-fat or "low-fat" dairy, including whole milk, yogurt, butter,
  cheese, egg yolks, cream, and so on
  
  o Sugar and simple sugar derivatives (honey, molasses, corn syrup,
  high fructose syrup, and the like)
  
  o Alcohol
  
  o Any commercially available product with more than two grams of fat
  per serving
  
  The above was copied without permission from "Eat More, Weigh Less"
  by Dean Ornish, M.D.  ISBN 0-06-016838-2 copyright 1993 by Dean
  Ornish.
  
  From: ed@rusty.Kronos.COM (Ed Baker). Fatfree Digest [Volume 9 Issue
  36] July 27, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACADEMIE DE CUISINE TENDERLOIN OF BEEF
 Categories: Beef
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Beef tenderloin
 
  Preheat oven to 400F. Trim the beef tenderloin of fat and skin. Cut
  the end and wrap the meat with 4 thin slices of pork fat lenghwise.
  In a large saute pan, heat the oil until very hot and saute the meat
  on all sides. Season with salt and black pepper. Let the meat brown
  slightly. Place in the hot oven for 15 to 20 minutes for rare to
  medium. (20 minutes if beef is hot 25 minutes if beef is room
  temperature. See note Remove from oven and let rest at room
  temperature or in a lukewarm place for 15 minutes before carving.
  This is important to allow the juices concentrated in the center to
  permiate all around the meat. SPECIAL NOTE; you can sear this 2 to 3
  hours ahead of the roasting time. Per serving: 635 Calories; 52g Fat
  (74% calories from fat); 40g Protein; 0g Carbohydrate;
      159 mg Cholesterol; 108mg Sodium
  
  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #
  
  From: tpogue@IDS2.IDSONLINE.COM (terry pogue)
  
  Date: Mon, 9 Dec 1996 12:10:29 +0100
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACADIAN CRAWDAD CAKES
 Categories: Seafood, Misc
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Waldine Van Geffen VGHC42A
    1/2    Stick butter
      2 c  Crawfish tails -- ground
      2 c  Cooked long-grain rice
    1/2 c  Bell pepper -- chopped
      2 sl Bacon; crisp -- crumble
      1 tb Parsley -- chop fine
    1/2 c  Shallots -- chop fine
    1/4 ts Basil
 
  ds Thyme 1 ts Salt ds Tabasco 3    Eggs; well beaten Mix crawfish
  tails, rice, bell pepper, bacon, parsley, shallots, basil, thyme,
  salt and Tabasco together well. Pour the eggs over the mixture and
  blend them into the rice mixture. Let mixture "set" in the fridge for
  about 30 minutes, covered. Melt butter in skillet or griddle. Then,
  keeping your hands moist with a few drops of water shape the mixture
  into small squares, about 3x3x1/2" and plop them on the griddle. They
  will sizzle nicely and turn light brown in a few minutes. Flip over
  and fry until brown. Source: The Frank Davis Seafood Notebook (wrv)
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACADIAN EIGHT BEAN CHILI      ANNIE ROSENSWEI
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
    1/4 lb Each of the following beans
           Kidney, White, Pink, Black,
           Red, Pinto, Cranberry, Navy.
      1 lb Bacon
      5 lg Onions, peeled and chopped
    2/3 c  Garlic, minced
    1/4 c  Coriander seeds, toasted
           And ground
    1/4 c  Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Paprika
    1/4 c  Cayenne pepper or to taste
           For the timid tongue
    1/2 c  Dried Poblano Chili peppers
           Ground
      1 cn 108 oz Italian tomatoes
           W/juice
     12 oz Beer
      5 lb Lean ground beef
           Salt to taste
 
  Pick over and wash beans. Put in large pot and cover with 4 qts. cold
  water. Soak over night. Wash and drain. Cover with water, bring to a
  bowl over high heat, lower heat and simmer for 2 hours or until
  tender. Cook bacon in a large skillet, drain and crumble. Put next 7
  ingredients in skillet and saute for 5 minutes. Add tomatoes and
  beer, simmer. In another skillet saute ground beef until no longer
  pink. When beans are tender drain, reserving liquid. Add meat, bacon
  and vegetables to beans. Simmer over low heat until hot, adding bean
  liquid if necessary.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACADIAN PEPPERED SHRIMP
 Categories: Cajun, Main dish, Fish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Butter
    1/2 c  Lemon juice
      2 ts Fresh basil, chopped
      2 ts Cayenne pepper
      2 ts Fresh oregano, chopped
      5    Garlic cloves, minced
      1    Bay leaf, crumbled
    1/2 c  Black pepper, finely ground
           Salt
      4 lb Large raw shrimp in shells
 
  The shrimp should be of a size to number 30-35 per pound. Melt the
  butter in a large deep-sided frying pan or iron skillet over low
  heat. When melted, raise the heat, and add the remaining ingredients
  except the shrimp.  Cook, stirring often, until browned to a rich
  mahogany color, about 10 minutes.  Add the shrimp, stirring and
  turning to coat well with the seasoned butter. Cook until the shrimp
  have turned a rich deep pink, about 10 minutes.  Serve the shrimp in
  their shells, peeling them at the table. From Nathalie Dupree's "New
  Southern Cooking"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACAPULCO CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry, Mexican
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Canned unsalted chicken
           -broth, defatted
      1 tb Olive oil
      2 ts Ground cumin
      2 tb Pickling spice
    1/2    Red bell pepper, sliced
      1 lb Boneless skinless chicken
           -breast halves
    1/2    Yellow bell pepper, sliced
      2 tb Minced jalapeno chili with
           -seeds
      1    Onion, halved, thinly sliced
    1/3 c  Rice wine vinegar
    1/4 c  Fresh cilantro leaves
      3 lg Garlic cloves, minced
 
  baked (no oil) tortilla chips
  
  Boil broth and pickling spice in heavy large saucepan ten minutes.
  Strain and return liquid to saucepan. Add chicken, onion, vinegar,
  garlic, oil and cumin to pan. Simmer over very low heat until chicken
  is just cooked through, about ten minutes.  Transfer chicken and
  onions to shallow dish. Top with bell peppers and minced chilli. Boil
  cooking liquid until reduced to 2/3 c, about ten minutes. Pour liquid
  over chicken and let cool 30 minutes.  Add cilantro to chicken
  mixture. Cover and refrigerate until well chilled, turning chicken
  occasionally, about 4 hours (can be prepared one day ahead).  Slice
  chicken and transfer to plates. Top with marinated vegetables and
  some of the juices. Pass tortilla chips to use as "pushers." 130
  calories per serving, 4 g fat, 72 mg sodium, 44 mg cholesterol. From
  Bon Appetit's Light & Easy Mar '93.
  
  Makes 6 servings
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACAPULCO CHICKEN (EN ESCABECHE)
 Categories: Poultry, Mexican
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Unsalted chicken broth,
           -defatted
      1 tb Olive oil
      2 ts Ground cumin
      2 tb Pickling spice
    1/2    Red bell pepper, sliced
      1 lb Boneless chicken breast
           -halves
    1/2    Yellow bell pepper, sliced
      2 tb Minced jalapeno chili with
           -seeds
      1    Onion, halved, thinly sliced
    1/3 c  Rice wine vinegar
    1/4 c  Fresh cilantro leaves
      3 lg Garlic cloves, minced
 
  baked (no oil) tortilla chips
  
  Boil broth and pickling spice in heavy large saucepan ten minutes.
  Strain and return liquid to saucepan. Add chicken, onion, vinegar,
  garlic, oil and cumin to pan. Simmer over very low heat until chicken
  is just cooked through, about ten minutes. Transfer chicken and
  onions to shallow dish. Top with bell peppers and minced chilli. Boil
  cooking liquid until reduced to 2/3 c, about ten minutes. Pour liquid
  over chicken and let cool 30 minutes.  Add cilantro to chicken
  mixture. Cover and refrigerate until well chilled, turning chicken
  occasionally, about 4 hours (can be prepared one day ahead).  Slice
  chicken and transfer to plates. Top with marinated vegetables and
  some of the juices. Pass tortilla chips to use as "pushers." 130
  calories per serving, 4 g fat, 72 mg sodium, 44 mg cholesterol. From
  Bon Appetit's Light & Easy Mar '93.
  
  Makes 6 servings
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACAPULCO CHICKEN ENCHILADA
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      3 c  Chicken; cooked, shredded
    1/2 c  Scallions; w/green; minced
    1/2 c  Almonds; chopped, blanched
    1/2 ts Salt
      3 c  Enchilada Chili Sauce; *
      8    Fresh corn tortillas
    3/4 c  Sour cream
    1/2 c  Shredded Cheddar cheese
    1/2 c  Sliced ripe olives

MMMMM------------------------FOR GARNISH-----------------------------
           Sour cream and scallions

MMMMM----------------------ENCHILADA SAUCE---------------------------
      2 tb Vegetable oil
    2/3 c  Onion; chopped
    1/4 c  Green bell pepper; chopped
      1    Garlic clove; minced
      1 c  Tomato paste
      1 c  Water
      1 ts Chili powder; (or more)
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Dried oregano
 
  In small bowl, toss together cooked shredded chicken, scallions, and
  almonds. Sprinkle on salt. Mix and set aside. To prepare chili sauce,
  heat oil in saute pan over med-high heat; add onion, bell pepper, and
  garlic. Saute until vegs. are soft. Stir in tomato paste, water,
  chili powder, salt and oregano. Blend well. Lower heat, cover and
  simmer for 5 mins. Preheat oven to 350 deg. Lightly oil bottom of
  shallow ovenproof casserole dish. Dip a tortilla in hot sauce until
  partially saturated. Then place tortilla in cass. dish; fill with 1/8
  of chicken mixture, and top w/1 T sour cream; roll into an enchilada.
  Place in dish seam side down. Repeat with remaining tortillas. When
  casserole is filled, drizzle remaining sauce over top. Sprinkle with
  cheese and top with olives. Bake for 15 mins. or until cheese and
  sauce are hot and bubbling. Serve with additional sour cream and
  chopped scallions on the side. Judy Garnett/pjxg05a RaleighNC
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACAPULCO RICE
 Categories: Mexican, Cheese/eggs, Vegetarian, Rice
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     16 oz Tomato Sauce
    1/2 c  Water
      3 ts Chili Powder
  1 1/2 c  Minute Rice
    1/2 c  Crushed Tortilla Chips
    1/2 c  Shredded Cheddar Cheese
 
  Combine tomato sauce, water and chili powder in a medium sized
  saucepan. Bring to a full boil.  Stir in rice. Cover, remove from
  heat and let stand for 10 minutes. Sprinkle with tortilla chips and
  cheese. Serve with shredded lettuce and sour cream if desired. From:
  Syd's Cookbook.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACAPULCO SUNRISE
 Categories: Mexican, Beverages, Alcoholic, Dkuhnen msn, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Tequila
      1 tb Lime juice
      1 tb Curacao
      1 ts Creme de cassis
      1 c  Club soda
           Lime slice to garnish
 
  Into a cocktail shaker, pour tequila, lime juice, curacao, creme de
  cassis, and plenty of crushed ice. Shake until well combined. Get a
  tall cocktail glass and fill it halfway with ice. Strain drink into
  the glass. Pour some soda on top.  Stir and garnish with the slice of
  lime.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACAPULCO TURKEY ROLL
 Categories: Sandwiches
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 oz Lean ground turkey
  1 1/2 ts Chili powder
      1 lg Garlic clove, minced
      2 tb Salsa (see recipe Seafood
           Quesidilla and Salsa)
           Salt and Pepper to taste
      4 sm Whole wheat tortillas
    1/4 c  Diet mayonnaise
      2 c  Steamed broccoli flowerettes
      4 oz Shredded low-fat mozzerella
           Or otherr low-fat cheese
           Extra salsa
 
  1.  In small bowl thoroughly combine turkey, chili powder, garlic and
      salsa.
  
  2.  In medium non-stick skillet stir turkey mixture over medium heat
  until
      cooked.  Add salt and pepper to taste.  Cool.
  
  3.  Spread tortillas with diet mayonnaise.
  
  4.  Divide turkey, broccoli and cheese over tortillas. Top with extra
      salsa and roll up to enclose filling.  Cut roll in half
  diagonally.
  
  DEAL-A-MEAL CARDS USED:  1 Bread 2 Meat 1 Vegetable 1 Fat
  
      225    Calories
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACCEPTABLE EMERGENCY SUBSTITUTIONS
 Categories: Hints/info
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------ALLSPICE, 1 TSP GROUND------------------------
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ground cloves

MMMMM--------------------FINES HERBES, 4 TSP-------------------------
      1 ts Chervil
      1 ts Chives
      1 ts Tarragon
      1 ts Parsley

MMMMM------------------ASIAN FISH SAUCE, 1 TBSP-----------------------
      2 ts Soy sauce
      2 ea Mashed anchovies

MMMMM------------------FIVE SPICE POWDER, 5 TSP-----------------------
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 ts Ground cloves
      1 ts Fennel seed
      1 ts Star anise
      1 ts Szechwan peppercorns

MMMMM----------------ITALIAN HERB SEASONING, 2 TB---------------------
      1 ts Oregano
      1 ts Marjoram
      1 ts Thyme
      1 ts Basil
      1 ts Rosemary
      1 ts Sage

MMMMM------------------PUMPKIN PIE SPICE, 1 TSP-----------------------
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Ground ginger
    1/8 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/8 ts Ground mace
    1/8 ts Ground cloves

MMMMM-------------------CINNAMON SUGAR, 1 CUP------------------------
    7/8 c  Granulated sugar or
           -superfine sugar
      2 tb Ground cinnamon

MMMMM-------------------TAMARIND PASTE, 1 TBSP------------------------
      1 ts Dates
      1 ts Prunes
      1 ts Dried apricots
      1 ts Lemon juice

MMMMM--------------------TOMATO SAUCE, 1 CUP-------------------------
    3/8 c  Tomato paste
    1/2 c  Water

MMMMM----------------SEASONED RICE VINEGAR, 1 TB---------------------
      1 tb Rice vinegar OR
      1 tb White wine vinegar
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/8 ts Salt
 
  CHILI SAUCE: Ketchup with prepared horseradish and lemon juice to
  taste.
  
  FRESH CHIVES: Green onions, including the tops.
  
  CHORIZO SAUSAGE: Hot Italian sausage, seasoned with garlic and ground
  red pepper.
  
  FISH STOCK: Equal parts clam juice and water.
  
  DRIED CURRANTS: Chopped dark raisins.
  
  GRAHAM CRACKER CRUMBS, 1 CUP: 15 graham crackers, ground in a blender.
  :     OR 1 cup vanilla wafer crumbs.
  
  FRESH HERBS, 1 TABLESPOON MINCED: 1 teaspoon dried, of the same kind.
  
  FRESH HORSERADISH, 1 TABLESPOON GRATED: 2 tablespoons prepared,
  well-drained.
  
  HOT SAUCE (TABASCO): use red pepper flakes or ground red pepper.
  
  LEMON GRASS, 1 TABLESPOON MINCED: 1 teaspoon grated lemon rind.
  
  PREPARED MUSTARD, 1 TABLESPOON: 1 teaspoon dry mustard mixed with 2
  teaspoons wine vinegar, white wine or water.
  
  PANCETTA: Cooked, lean bacon.
  
  PINE NUTS: Walnuts or Almonds.
  
  PROSCUITTO: Country ham.
  
  SAKE OR RICE WINE: Dry sherry or dry vermouth.
  
  SHALLOTS: Minced onion with half a small clove of minced garlic.
  
  CHINESE BLACK VINEGAR: Balsamic vinegar.
  
  WHITE WINE FOR COOKING: Dry vermouth.
  
  CAKE YEAST, 5/8-OUNCE CAKE: 1 Packet active dry yeast.
  
  Source: Oregonian FoodDay Food Tip column; typos by Dorothy Flatman
  1996 From: Dorothy Flatman
                 Date: 04-19-96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACCIDENTAL WHOLE WHEAT HERB BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 cn V-8 juice (11.5-oz) or
           -tomato juice
      2    Egg or egg substitute
    2/3 c  Water
      2 c  Low fat cottage cheese
    1/2 c  Scallions minced or fresh
           -chives in amounts to taste
      1 ts Dill
      3 c  Whole wheat flour
      5 c  To 6 c unbleached white
           -flour
      2 pk Fast rising yeast
      1 tb Sugar
 
  Mix together juice, eggs, water, cottage cheese, scallions and dill.
  Heat in microwave to 125-130 degrees using a thermometer. Combine
  whole wheat flour, 5 cup of white flour, yeast and sugar. Mix the wet
  and dry ingredients together. Knead dough on work surface sprinkled
  with remaining flour, until the dough is smooth and elastic, about
  5-8 minutes. Place the dough in bowl, cover with a towel, and rest 10
  minutes. Divide the dough and place in two 5 1/ 4 x 9 1/4 inch loaf
  pans. Cover with plastic wrap sprayed with non stick vegetable
  coating and put in a warm place for 20 minutes. Bake in preheated,
  425 degree oven for 25 minutes, or until the loaves sound hollow when
  tapped. Remove from loaf pans and cool on rack.
  
  NOTE: You may need to practice before you get the results you wish.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACCRA (SALTFISH CAKES)
 Categories: Trinidad, Appetizers, Fish, Upload
      Yield: 24 Cakes
 
      2 ts Active dry yeast
    1/2 c  Water; warm
    1/2 lb Codfish, salt, boneless
      1 c  Flour, all-purpose
      1 ts Sugar, granulated
    1/4 c  Onions; finely chopped
      1    Garlic cloves; chopped fine
      1 tb Pepper, hot; seeded, chopped
           -fine
      1 tb Chives; chopped fine
           Salt; to taste
           Pepper, black; to taste
           Oil, vegetable
 
    Sprinkle the yeast on warm water and stand for 10 minutes. Pour
  boiling water over codfish, allow to cool. Rinse in cold water,
  remove skin and bones, and shred fish very fine. Mix fish with flour,
  sugar, onions, garlic, peppers, chives, salt and generous amount of
  pepper. Add yeast and beat until smooth. Allow to rise for 1 1/2-2
  hours in warm, draft-free place.
    Drop by tablespoon into hot oil (370F) and fry until golden brown.
  Drain on paper towels and serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACEITE DE ACHIOTE (ACHIOTE OIL) #2
 Categories: S. america, Condiments, Upload
      Yield: 1 Cup
 
      1 c  Oil, olive; extra virgin
    1/2 c  Annotto seeds; crushed
      1    Chile, malagueta, dried
           -substitute piquin or
           -Japanese chile
      1    Bay leaves

MMMMM--------------------HEAT SCALE - MEDIUM-------------------------
 
    Combine all ingredients in a non-reactive heavy saucepan, allow to
  steep for 40 minutes, stirring occasionally. Bring mixture to a low
  and gentle boil while stirring continuously. Remove saucepan from
  heat and allow to cool thoroughly. Strain through a very fine sieve
  and pour the strained oil into a bottle and cap tightly. This oil
  will remain up to 6 months if it is refrigerated and capped tightly.
  This is a MEDIUM HOT condiment.
    This oil is used both to color and to flavor dishes. Use it in
  place of vegetable oil for South American recipes. Use only annatto
  (achiote) seeds that are bright-reddish in color; seeds that are
  brownish are old and have probably lost much of their flavor.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACEITE O MANTECA DE ACHIOTE (ANNATO OIL OR LA
 Categories: Caribbean, Condiments, Upload
      Yield: 1 Cup
 
      1 c  Oil, vegetable
    1/2 c  Annatto seeds
 
    Heat the oil in a small saucepan, add the seeds and cook over low
  heat for about 5 minutes, stirring from time to time, until a rich
  orange color is obtained. Cool, strain and store in a covered jar in
  the refrigerator. It will keep for several months.
    If the seeds are cooked too long, the orange color will change to a
  golden color and much of the flavor is lost. Very stale seeds will
  give off all their color in one minute of cooking. Watch the saucepan
  carefully and remove it from the heat immediately the color begins to
  lighten.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACEITUNAS ALINADAS (OLIVES IN OIL)
 Categories: Cuba, Update
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Unpitted green Spanish
           -olives in brine, drained
           -and rinsed
    1/2 c  Oil, olive; spanish
      2 tb Vinegar, wine, red
      1 ea Bay leaf, broken into pieces
      1 ea Clove garlic, unpeeled and
           -crushed
           Pepper, black; to taste
 
  Peel of 1 lemon, without the white pith, whole or in large pieces 1/2
  teaspoon cumin seed, optional Mix all the ingredients together in a
  nonreactive bowl, cover, and refrigerate at least 2 days. Bring to
  room temperature before serving. The olives will keep, refrigerated,
  for several weeks. Makes 1 1/2 cups Mary Urrutia Randelman "Memories
  of a Cuban Kitchen" (Macmillan, 1992) ACEITUNAS ALINADAS Olives In Oil
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACEITUNAS RELLENAS - STUFFED OLIVES
 Categories: Appetizers, Mexican
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  7 1/2 oz Can Pitted Olives
    3/4 oz Can Anchovy Fillets, Cut In
           - Small Pieces
      1    Can Chopped Pimentos
      1    Clove Garlic, Mashed Or
           - Pressed
    1/3 c  Wine Vinegar
      1 tb Olive Oil
           Oil From Anchovies
    1/4 c  Minced Parsley
 
  Drain olives and stuff with the anchovy fillets. Combine the other
  ingredients, except parsley; pour over the olives and marinate
  over-night. Mix in parsley half an hour before serving. If the idea
  of stuffing the olives throws you, don't do it.  Simply add the
  anchovies to the marinade and pour over the olives. These will keep
  for a week or more if parsley is added just before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACETARIA
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------ROMULAN LEGUME SALAD-------------------------
      1 cn Green beans, (16 oz)
      1 cn Navy beans, (16 oz)
      1 cn Kidney beans, (16 oz)
      1 cn Chick peas, (20 oz)
      2    Knockwurst, about
    1/2 lb - total weight
    1/2 c  Green onions, sliced
           -salt and pepper
    1/2 c  Olive oil
    1/4 c  Wine vinegar
      3    Cloves of garlic
      1 c  Fresh chopped parsley
 
  Put the canned beans and chick-peas with their liquid into a saucepan
  and boil about a minute over medium heat. Strain the liquid from the
  beans and chick-peas. Put the beans and peas into a salad bowl. Cut
  the knockwurst into 1/4" slices and then quarter the slices. Add to
  the salad, then add the onions and salt. Pour the olive oil into the
  blender, add the wine vinegar, garlic and parsley. Run the blender
  until the parsley is finely chopped, perhaps half a minute. Pour this
  dressing over the salad. Mix it all together gently but thoroughly.
  Chill the salad in the refrigerator for several hours before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACHARA ZUKE (TURNIPS IN VINEGAR DRESSING #36
 Categories: Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Pickles
 
      4 oz White turnips
      1 ts Salt
      1 ea Dried red pepper
      1 ea 1" square kombu, washed
    1/4 c  Rice vinegar -=OR=- 1/4 c
           -- white vinegar
      4 ts Sugar
           Soy sauce
 
  Starting a day ahead, peel the turnips &, one at a time, slice them
  in the following fashion: Make thin slices down to within 1/8" of the
  base, move the turnip a half turn clockwise & make similar slices
  intersecting the first ones.  Now cut each turnip into quarters. In a
  mixing bowl, stir the salt into 1/4 c cold water. Add the turnips.
  Soak in the refrigerator for 24 hours. The following day, cover the
  dried red pepper with cold water & soak at room temperature for about
  1 hour, or until soft. Cut off the top of the pepper, remove &
  discard the seeds, slice the pepper crosswise into very thin rings.
  Wrap the piece of kombu in a damp towel and let it rest for about an
  hour, or until it is soft and pliable. Cut into strips 1" by 1/8"
  wide. Drain the turnips & squeeze them firmly until dry. Combine the
  vinegar, 1/2 c cold water, sugar & a sprinkle of soy sauce in a 1 1/2
  to 2 qt jar & stir thoroughly. Add the turnips, pepper rings and
  kombu, & stir again. Cover tightly with a jar cover or plastic wrap,
  & refrigerate for at least 12 hours before serving. Will keep for 3
  or 4 days.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACHIOTE MARINADE & BARBECUE SAUCE FOR BEEF
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg

MMMMM--------------------------MARINADE-------------------------------
      1 c  Red wine vinegar
    1/4 c  Water
      2 ts Ground cumin
      3    Garlic cloves, minced
      2 ts Achiote paste
      1 ts Crushed red pepper
           Salt and black pepper, to
           -taste
    1/4 c  Olive oil

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      1    Dried pasilla chile
      1 c  Boiling water
      2 tb Achiote paste
      1 tb Olive oil
    3/4 c  Of the marinade
 
  Marinade: Combine marinade ingredients.
  
  Makes enough for 2 pounds of beef.
  
  To use: Toss paper-thin slices (1 inch by 3 to 4 inches) of beef
  sirloin with the marinade in a nonmetallic bowl. Refrigerate 6 to 8
  hours or overnight. Drain meat, reserving 3/4 cup of the marinade.
  Thread meat on bamboo skewers.
  
  Sauce: Remove and discard seeds from pasilla chile. Coarsely chop
  chile and cover with boiling water. Soak for 20 to 30 minutes. Drain,
  and put in a food processor with achiote paste and olive oil. Puree.
  Add the 3/4 cup marinade and blend until smooth.
  
  To use: Brush on skewers of meat. Broil or grill until meat is done,
  about 5 minutes, basting with marinade several times. Brush again
  before serving.
  
  Adapted from Time-Life's "Cooking of Latin America."
  
  From an article by Heidi Haughy  Cusik, The San Francisco Chronicle,
  7/1/92.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACHIOTE MARINADE & BARBECUE SAUCE FOR BEEF
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg

MMMMM--------------------------MARINADE-------------------------------
      1 c  Red wine vinegar
    1/4 c  Water
      2 ts Ground cumin
      3    Garlic cloves, minced
      2 ts Achiote paste
      1 ts Crushed red pepper
           Salt and black pepper, to
           -taste
    1/4 c  Olive oil

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      1    Dried pasilla chile
      1 c  Boiling water
      2 tb Achiote paste
      1 tb Olive oil
    3/4 c  Of the marinade
 
  Marinade: Combine marinade ingredients.
  
  Makes enough for 2 pounds of beef.
  
  To use: Toss paper-thin slices (1 inch by 3 to 4 inches) of beef
  sirloin with the marinade in a nonmetallic bowl. Refrigerate 6 to 8
  hours or overnight. Drain meat, reserving 3/4 cup of the marinade.
  Thread meat on bamboo skewers.
  
  Sauce: Remove and discard seeds from pasilla chile. Coarsely chop
  chile and cover with boiling water. Soak for 20 to 30 minutes. Drain,
  and put in a food processor with achiote paste and olive oil. Puree.
  Add the 3/4 cup marinade and blend until smooth.
  
  To use: Brush on skewers of meat. Broil or grill until meat is done,
  about 5 minutes, basting with marinade several times. Brush again
  before serving.
  
  Adapted from Time-Life's "Cooking of Latin America."
  
  From an article by Heidi Haughy  Cusik, The San Francisco Chronicle,
  7/1/92.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACHIOTE PASTE
 Categories: 
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 tb Annatto seeds
      1 ts Cumin seeds
      1 ts Oregano
      6    Allspice berries
      1 ts Sea salt
      4    Garlic cloves -- pressed
      4 tb Lime juice
 
  Combine the annatto seeds, cumin seeds, oregano, allspice berries,
  and salt in a spice mill or coffee grinder. Grind to a powderlike
  consistency. In a small bowl, mix the powder with the garlic and lime
  juice. Store in an airtight container, in the refrigerator. Use for
  Cochinita Pibil or any grilled seafood. Yield: about 1/2 cup
  Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved 10/14/96
  show
  
  Recipe By     : TOO HOT TAMALES PANTRY STAPLES SHOW #TH6289
  
  From: Pat Asher <asher@mcs.Com>       Date: Wed, 30 Oct 1996 20:11:54
  ~0600 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACHOT (GARLICKY FARMER'S CHEESE WITH WALNUTS)
 Categories: Armenia, Appetizers, Upload
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Cheese, farmer
      3 tb Walnuts; chopped fine
    1/4 c  Yogurt, low-fat
      1 tb Dill; chopped fine
      1 tb Parsley; chopped fine
      1    Garlic clove; minced
    1/8 ts Salt
           Lettuce, boston
    1/4 c  Walnuts; chopped coarsely
           Pita; toasted triangles
 
    Process the farmer's cheese, finely chopped walnuts, and yogurt in
  a food processor until smooth.
    Transfer the cheese to a bowl and mix with herbs, garlic, and salt.
  Shape into a ball, cover, and refrigerate for 4 hours.
    Line a small serving platter with several lettuce leaves and
  carefully transfer the cheese ball to the platter. Press the coarsely
  chopped walnuts into the ball so they more or less cover it. Serve
  with the toasted pita triangles.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACKEE - CODFISH
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Tin
    1/2 lb Salted cod fish
      1    Onion -- chopped
           Black pepper to taste
           Ackee
 
  Bring fish to boil to remove some of the salt.  Test for saltiness.
  Cook fish with ackee and black pepper.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACKEE SOUP
 Categories: Soups/stews, Jamaica, Caribbean, Submitted
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 cn Ackees (19oz); about 4 cups
  1 1/2 c  Stock, chicken
    1/2 c  Tomatoes; peeled, chopped
    1/4 c  Shallots; chopped
           Salt; to taste
           Pepper, black; to taste
           Tabasco hot sauce; to taste
    1/2 c  Heavy cream
 
    Put the ackees together with the liquid from the can into a
  saucepan with the chicken stock, tomatoes, shallots, salt and pepper
  to taste; cover and simmer gently until the shallots are tender.
  Puree in an electric blender. Return to saucepan, season to taste
  with hot pepper sauce, stir in cream and heat through. Also very good
  chilled,
    Garnish, if desired, with chopped chives or chopped passley or with
  sweet paparika.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN  SQUASH
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Acorn
      1 c  Brown sugar
      1 lb Sausage
           Squash
 
  Heat oven to 350 degrees. Cut squash in half; scoop out seeds. Place
  on a muffin pan (cut side up). Place 1/4 cup brown sugar in each half
  of squash and then place a patty of sausage on top of the brown
  sugar. Cook for 30-45 minutes, or until tender. Scoop out the shells
  and mix with melted brown sugar, serve with sausage.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN  SQUASH  &  APPLE  SOUP
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 md Acorn squash -- seeded &
           Halved
      3 c  Degreased chicken stock or
           Canned
      2    Tart
           -
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
      1 c  Unsweetened apple juice
      2 ts Fresh ginger root -- peeled
           & grated
    1/2 ts Salt (omit if using canned
           Stock)
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
           White pepper to taste
           Yogurt or sour cream &
           Chives (garnish)
           Green apples (2 c. cored
           Seeded & chopped)
 
  Cook squash, remove pulp.  Combine 1/2 cup stock, apples and onion in
  heavy medium saucepan.  Cover and cook over low heat for 10 minutes.
  Add squash pulp, remaining stock, applejuice, ginger and salt. Cover
  and simmer until ingredients are very tender,
  
  Puree soup in batches in blender or processor.  Strain through sieve
  into clean saucepan, pressing puree with back of spoon. Reheat soup
  gently. Season with salt and generous amount of pepper. Ladle into
  bowls. Garnish with yogurt or sour cream and chives.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN BREAD
 Categories: Native amer, Breads
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      1 c  Acorn meal
      1 c  Flour
      2 tb Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      3 tb Sugar
      1    Egg, beaten
      1 c  Milk
      3 tb Oil
 
  Sift together, acorn meal, white flour, baking powder, salt and
  sugar. In separate bowl, mix together egg, milk, and oil.  Combine
  dry ingredients and liquid ingredients.  Stir just enough to moisten
  dry ingredients. Pour into a greased pan and bake at 400F. for 30
  minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3    Egg whites, beaten stiff
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
     20    Soda crackers
           (coarsley broken)
    1/2 c  Pecans, chopped
 
  Beat egg whites until stiff; add baking powder and beat more. Add
  sugar and vanilla; beat again.  Fold in crackers and pecans. Put in
  buttered pie plate and bake at 300 degrees for 30 minutes. Let cool
  and top with Cool Whip and chopped pecans. Randy Rigg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH & APPLE SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Low-cal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Med. acorn squash (1 lb ea)*
      3 c  Degreased chicken stock **
      2    Tart green apples ***
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
      1 c  Unsweetened apple juice
      2 ts Grated peeled fresh ginger
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
           Freshly ground white pepper
           Plain non- or low-fat yogurt
           Snipped fresh chives
           OR shredded fresh basil
 
  Notes: * Squash should be halved and seeded.
         ** Unsalted canned chicken broth may be used instead of stock.
         *** Green apples should be cored, peeled and chopped (about 2
  cups) Place squash cut side down on rack set over gently simmering
  water in saucepan. Cover and steam until tender, about 10 minutes.
  Cool squash slightly. Scoop pulp from shells. Combine 1/4 cup chicken
  stock, apples and onion in heavy medium saucepan. Cover and cook over
  low heat 10 minutes. Add squash pulp, remaining chicken stock, apple
  juice, ginger and salt. Cover and simmer until ingredients are very
  tender, about 20 minutes. Puree soup in batches in processor or
  blender.  Strain through sieve into clean saucepan, pressing puree
  with back of spoon. Reheat soup gently. Add lemon juice. Season with
  salt and generous amount of pepper. Ladle into bowls. Garnish with
  yogurt and chives. Source: Richard Sax and Marie Simmons in "Bon
  Appetit", October 1988.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH & SWEET POTATO
 Categories: Side dish, Vegetables, Low fat, Vegetarian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lg Onion  -- chopped, 1 C
  1 1/2 lb Sweet Potatoes  -- pared &
           Cubed,
           (about 5 C)
      1 sm Acorn Squash  -- quartered,
           Seeded,
           Pared (about 4 C)
 13 3/4 oz Chicken Broth  --
           Vegetarian
      4 tb Nonfat Milk  -- to 6 T
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts White Pepper
    1/4 c  Nonfat Sour Cream  --
           Optional
           Ground Nutmeg  -- optional
 
  Saute onion in broth or water in lg. saucepan over med. heat until
  onion is translucent, about 6 min. Add potatoes, squash and broth.
  Simmer, covered, until veggies are tender, about 25 min. Cool
  slightly.
  
  Working in batches, place the veggies with their liquid in food
  processor. Whirl until pureed.  Return the puree to the saucepan.
  Stir in the nonfat milk for desired consistency. Season with salt and
  pepper. Heat over low heat.
  
  Top each serving with dollop of nonfat sour cream and a sprinkle of
  nutmeg.
  
  Recipe By     : Family Circle Magazine  Nov  1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH & WILD RICE
 Categories: Squash, Rice
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Acorn squash, ~1-1/2 lb ea
    1/2 lb Small Brussels sprouts
      2 ts Olive oil
      1 c  Diced onion
      1 ts Fennel seeds
      1 ts Dried marjoram
    1/4 c  Minced fresh sage
    1/4 c  Fresh orange juice
      2 ts Fresh lemon juice
    1/8 ts Freshly grated pepper
      2 c  Cooked wild rice
 
  1.  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees (F).
  
  2.  Cut each squash in half and remove the seeds and pulp. In a large
  baking dish, place the squash, cut side down, with about 1 inch of
  water. Bake until tender, about 45 minutes.
  
  3.  Pour about 2 inches of water into a large stockpot. Place a
  collapsible steamer in the pot, cover, and bring to a boil. Place the
  Brussels sprouts in the steamer, cover, and steam for 5 to 7 minutes,
  or until tender. Set aside.
  
  4.  Meanwhile, in a large skillet, heat the oil over low heat. Add the
  onion and saute for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in the
  fennel, marjoram, sage, orange juice, lemon juice, and pepper, and
  simmer for 3 minutes.  Stir in the cooked wild rice and the Brussels
  sprouts and heat through.
  
  5.  Spoon the wild rice and Brussels sprout mixture into the squash
  cavities.  Serve immediately.
  
  I often microwave the acorn squash by placing in a shallow glass pan
  with about 1/2-inch of water, covering with saran wrap and nuking for
  about 10 minutes or until tender.
  
  from Great Good Food, by Julee Rosso, 1993, ISBN 0-517-88122-5
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH & WILD RICE
 Categories: 
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Acorn squash, ~1-1/2 lb ea
    1/2 lb Small Brussels sprouts
      2 ts Olive oil
      1 c  Diced onion
      1 ts Fennel seeds
      1 ts Dried marjoram
    1/4 c  Minced fresh sage
    1/4 c  Fresh orange juice
      2 ts Fresh lemon juice
    1/8 ts Freshly grated pepper
      2 c  Cooked wild rice
 
  1.  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees (F).
  
  2.  Cut each squash in half and remove the seeds and pulp. In a large
  baking dish, place the squash, cut side down, with about 1 inch of
  water. Bake until tender, about 45 minutes.
  
  3.  Pour about 2 inches of water into a large stockpot. Place a
  collapsible steamer in the pot, cover, and bring to a boil. Place the
  Brussels sprouts in the steamer, cover, and steam for 5 to 7 minutes,
  or until tender. Set aside.
  
  4.  Meanwhile, in a large skillet, heat the oil over low heat. Add the
  onion and saute for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in the
  fennel, marjoram, sage, orange juice, lemon juice, and pepper, and
  simmer for 3 minutes. Stir in the cooked wild rice and the Brussels
  sprouts and heat through.
  
  5.  Spoon the wild rice and Brussels sprout mixture into the squash
  cavities. Serve immediately.
  
  I often microwave the acorn squash by placing in a shallow glass pan
  with about 1/2-inch of water, covering with saran wrap and nuking for
  about 10 minutes or until tender.
  
  from Great Good Food, by Julee Rosso, 1993, ISBN 0-517-88122-5
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: 	owner-Mm-Recipes@idiscover.Net O
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH & WILD RICE - PLHOL
 Categories: Grains
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Acorn squash, ~1-1/2 lb ea
    1/2 lb Small Brussels sprouts
      2 ts Olive oil
      1 c  Diced onion
      1 ts Fennel seeds
      1 ts Dried marjoram
    1/4 c  Minced fresh sage
    1/4 c  Fresh orange juice
      2 ts Fresh lemon juice
    1/8 ts Freshly grated pepper
      2 c  Cooked wild rice
 
  1.  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees (F).
  
  2.  Cut each squash in half and remove the seeds and pulp. In a large
  baking dish, place the squash, cut side down, with about 1 inch of
  water. Bake until tender, about 45 minutes.
  
  3.  Pour about 2 inches of water into a large stockpot. Place a
  collapsible steamer in the pot, cover, and bring to a boil. Place the
  Brussels sprouts in the steamer, cover, and steam for 5 to 7 minutes,
  or until tender. Set aside.
  
  4.  Meanwhile, in a large skillet, heat the oil over low heat. Add the
  onion and saute for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in the
  fennel, marjoram, sage, orange juice, lemon juice, and pepper, and
  simmer for 3 minutes.  Stir in the cooked wild rice and the Brussels
  sprouts and heat through.
  
  5.  Spoon the wild rice and Brussels sprout mixture into the squash
  cavities.  Serve immediately.
  
  I often microwave the acorn squash by placing in a shallow glass pan
  with about 1/2-inch of water, covering with saran wrap and nuking for
  about 10 minutes or until tender.
  
  from Great Good Food, by Julee Rosso, 1993, ISBN 0-517-88122-5
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH 'N PASTA SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 oz Acine di Pepe or Ditalini
           -OR Small Shells, uncooked
      2 md Acorn squash
           - (about 1 1/2 lb each),
           - split, peeled, seeded
           - and quartered
      2 tb Margarine
      1 lg Onion; chopped
    3/4 ts Ground mace or nutmeg
    1/2 ts Ground ginger
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 c  Grated carrot
  1 1/2 ts Brown sugar
      3 cn Low-sodium chicken broth
           -(13 1/4 oz. each)

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      1 c  Non-fat sour cream
      1 tb Sugar
 
  Cook squash in one inch of water in covered saucepan for 15 minutes,
  or until tender. Cool. Scrape out pulp and put back in pot. Add
  margarine, onion, carrots, sugar, mace, ginger and cinnamon. Cover
  and simmer gently for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Cook until
  vegetables are tender.
  
  Add 3 cups of the broth and puree all in a blender or food processor.
  Return to the pot and add remaining three cups of broth, bring to a
  boil and add pasta. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes, or
  until pasta is done. Before serving, blend sour cream and sugar in a
  separate bowl. Put dollop on top of each bowl of soup. Serve hot.
  
  NOTE: If soup is too thick, thin with additional chicken broth.
  
  Serves 4 to 6
  
  Each serving contains: 330 Calories; 12.5 g Protein; 62.2 g
  Carbohydrates; 5 g Fat; 2.1 mg Cholesterol; 710 mg Sodium. Calories
  from Fat: 13%
  
  Copyright National Pasta Association (http://www.ilovepasta.org)
  (Reprinted with permission)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH BAKE
 Categories: Side dish, White wine
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Acorn squash,cut in half
      4 tb Butter or margarine
    1/3 c  Honey
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Dry white wine
 
  Heat oven to 400'. Cut thin slices from bottoms of squash halves so
  they will stand upright. Place in ungreased baking dish, 14x9x2
  inches. Sprinkle cut sides of squash with salt. Place 1 tablespoon
  butter in each squash cavity.
  Mix wine and honey; pour into squash cavities, filling each about 3/4
  full. Bake uncovered until tender, about 60 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH BAKED WITH PINEAPPLE
 Categories: Side, Squash, Vegetable, Baked
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 ea Acorn squash; halved
      2 tb Dry sherry
      2 tb Brown sugar
      6 tb Butter
    1/2 c  Crushed pineapple; drained
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
      1 ts Salt
 
     Preheat oven to 425 F.
     Scoop out the squash seeds and fibers and discard. Place squash in
  greased baking dish.
     Put 1 teaspoon each of sherry, brown sugar, and butter in each
  squash half.
     Cover and bake for 30 minutes or until tender.
     Scoop squash out of shells, leaving wall about 1/4 inch thick.
     Mash squash and combine with remaining 4 tablespoons butter,
  pineapple, nutmeg and salt, beating well to blend.
     Spoon back into shells and return to oven to bake for 15 minutes
  more.
  
  _Classic American Cooking_  Pearl Byrd Foster, 1983 Simon & Schuster
  ISBN 0-671-44303-8    Typos by Jeff Pruett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH IN ROASTED APPLES
 Categories: New text im, Tvfn, Tvfn-chef d
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Acorn squash, peeled and
           -chopped
      3 lg Pippin apples, cut in half
           -horizontally an
      1 c  Chicken stock
      4 tb Butter
      4 tb Brown sugar
      1 tb Heavy cream
      1 tb Walnut oil
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Ground ginger
 
  Preheat oven to 375 degrees Cut squash in half lengthwise and remove
  seeds and fibers. Place squash cut side down in a baking dish. Pour
  the stock into the dish. Place in the oven and bake for 20 minutes.
  Scoop out the fruit from the apples, leaving a 1/4 border. Remove
  squash from oven, place apples cut side down in baking dish, fitting
  them around the squash. Return to oven and bake until squash and
  apples are just tender, about 15 to20 minutes more. Turn squash and
  apples over. Dot with butter and brown sugar. Return to oven for 10
  minutes. Remove squash and apples from oven. Transfer apples to a
  warm platter and reserve, covered. Scoop squash flesh into a medium
  bowl. Mash with the cream, walnut oil, cinnamon and ginger, adding
  salt and pepper to taste. Scoop the squash into the apple halves and
  serve. Yield : 6 serving Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1
  
  Recipe by: CHEF DU JOUR DONATA MAGGINITO SHOW #DJ9319
  
  From: "Ed Bauman" <BIRCHCREEK@msn.com>
  
  Date: Thu, 5 Dec 96 19:55:29 UT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH PUREE FROM SONOMA MISSION INN
 Categories: Vegetables, Side dish, Low cal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           ---------> source <---------
           Sonoma Mission Inn, Calif
           Shared by Dorothy Hair 6/94

MMMMM---------------------ACORN SQUASH PUREE--------------------------
      4 md Acorn Squash
    1/2 c  Tofu, soft
      1    Egg; plus
      2    Egg whites
    1/8 ts Allspice, ground
      2 tb Honey
           Pepper, white
           - freshly ground
      2 tb Butter, melted
           Cinnamon
           Allspice
           - and/or
           Nutmeg
           - freshly ground
           - (to taste)
 
  =========================== > Directions < ======================
  
  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cut the squash in half lengthwise,
  scrape out the seeds, place cut side down on a baking sheet and bake
  until soft, about 1 hour.
  
  When cool enough to handle, scoop out the flesh into a mixing bowl
  and mash well. Add the tofu and blend thoroughly. In another bowl
  beat the egg and egg whites lightly, then add the squash mixture,
  spices, honey pepper, and butter. Mix well.
  
  Turn the puree into a shallow 1 quart baking dish. If preparing ahead
  to this point, cover the dish with wax paper.
  
  Bake for 30 minutes. Serve hot, sprinkled with additional cinnamon,
  allspice or nutmeg (or all three) if desired.
  
  ======================> Notes and Credits <======================
  
  Calories per serving: 65
  
  Source: Sonoma Mission Inn, located in one of California's wine
  regions. Built in 1926 and renovated in 1980. Enjoy a killer weekend
  get-away at this spa and resort. Great low cal haute cuisine,
  beautiful countryside and __WONDERFUL__ massages.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH RINGS
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 md Acorn Squash
    1/2 c  Unsweetened Orange Juice
    1/4 c  Firmly Packed Brown Sugar
           OR Brown Sugar Twin To
           Equal.
      2 tb Light Corn Syrup
      2 tb Oleo
      1 ts Grated Lemon Rind
 
  Cut Each Squash Crosswise Into 6 (1/4 Inch Thick) Slices. Discard
  Seeds & Membrane.  Arrange Slices in A 13 X 9 X2 Inch Baking Dish
  Coated With Cooking Spray. Pour Orange Juice Over Squash & Bake At
  350 For 30 Min.
   Combine Brown Sugar, Corn Syrup, Oleo & Lemon Rind in A Small Non-
  Aluminum Saucepan.  Bring To A Boil; Reduce Heat & Simmer 2 To 3
  Min.,Stirring Constantly. Brush Sugar Mixture On Squash & Bake,
  Uncovered,An Additional 15 Min. OR Until Tender, Basting Occasionally.
   (Fat 2. Chol. 0.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH RINGS WITH CRANBERRIES & APPLE
 Categories: Vegetables, Christmas
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Squash; acorn
    1/4 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Cranberries
    1/4 c  Sugar; brown packed
    1/2 c  Apple; finely chopped
      1 ts Cornstarch
      2 ts Water; cold
 
  Fat grams    per serving:              Approx. Cook Time:
  :12
    Cut un peeled squash into 1/4 rings with sharp knife. Remove and
  discard seeds. Place in shallow dish & set aside. In 4 cup measure
  cook butter at High 30-45 seconds or till melted. Stir in cranberries
  and brown sugar. Cook, uncovered plastic wrap at High 2-3 min or till
  skins have popped, stirring once. Stir in apple; spoon in each ring.
  Cover and cook at High 5-7 min or till tender. Drain juice with 1 cup
  measure. Dissolve cornstarch in cold water, whisk into juices. Cook
  at High 30-45 seconds till thickened. Pour over rings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH RINGS WITH CRANBERRIES & APPLES
 Categories: Vegetables, Christmas
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Squash; acorn
    1/4 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Cranberries
    1/4 c  Sugar; brown packed
    1/2 c  Apple; finely chopped
      1 ts Cornstarch
      2 ts Water; cold
 
  Fat grams    per serving:              Approx. Cook Time: :12
    Cut un peeled squash into 1/4 rings with sharp knife. Remove and
  discard seeds. Place in shallow dish & set aside. In 4 cup measure
  cook butter at High 30-45 seconds or till melted. Stir in cranberries
  and brown sugar. Cook, uncovered plastic wrap at High 2-3 min or till
  skins have popped, stirring once. Stir in apple; spoon in each ring.
  Cover and cook at High 5-7 min or till tender. Drain juice with 1 cup
  measure. Dissolve cornstarch in cold water, whisk into juices. Cook
  at High 30-45 seconds till thickened. Pour over rings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH SEEDS
 Categories: Snacks, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 ea Acorn squash
      1 ts Margarine
           Salt to taste
 
  NOTE:  Acorn squash seeds taste similar to pumpkin seeds except that
  the hulls on the squash seed are smaller. Therefore they are less dry
  tasting than pumpkin seeds and don't get caught in your throat as
  easily.
  
  Cut uncooked squash in half and scoop out seeds. Clean pulp and
  strings off the seeds in a collander under running water. Set the
  seeds on a towel to dry. Preheat oven to 350 deg. The seeds in a
  small bowl. Either melt margarine and pour onto seeds or put solid
  margarine into bowl and mix with you hands (my preferred method).
  Spread seeds evenly on a cookie sheet. Place in oven and cook 10 min.
  or until just starts to turn brown.
  
                     Recipe by:  James M. McDonald
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH SOUFFLE
 Categories: Vegetables, Mc
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        2 sm (3/4 lb. ea) acorn squash
        4 ts brown sugar
  :          grating of fresh nutmeg
      1/8 ts salt
        4 TB butter
      1/4 ts ground cinnamon
        1 lg egg, separated
        1    egg white
  :          fresh ground black pepper
  
  Preheat oven to 400 F.  Wash squash.  Cut squash in half and scoop out
  seeds.  Place squash halves skin side up in 1/2 inch (1.25 cm) water
  in a baking dish and bake for 30 minutes.
  
  Remove from oven.  Using tongs turn squash halves over. Put 1 tbs
  butter in each half. Bake again for 30 minutes or until flesh is
  tender. Cool for 30 minutes.
  
  Carefully remove squash from baking pan and pour butter into a bowl.
  Without damaging skin, carefully scoop out flesh from each squash
  half and put into same bowl. In blender or food processor, puree the
  squash with the reserved butter, sugar, spices, and egg yolk. Pour
  into mixing bowl.
  
  Whip the egg whites with the salt until it forms stiff peaks. FOLD
  into the puree. Work quickly but carefully, preserving the egg white
  volume. Pour souffle mixture into squash skin halves and bake 25 min.
  or until the tops are brown and beginning to crack. Serve immediately.
  
  Notes:  adjust amounts of spices to taste.  this recipe always gets
  compliments whenever i serve it.
  
  Shannon E. Wells
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  Recipe By     : swells@ariel.unm.edu (squeedle)
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4    Acorn squash
      3    Carrots, sliced
      1    Onion, sliced
    1/3 c  Water
      2 tb Butter
      1 tb All-purpose flour
      1 ts Salt
    1/2    To 1 tsp pepper
     29 oz Chicken broth
    1/2 c  Sherry
    1/2 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/8 ts Paprika
      1 ds Of ground allspice
      1 ds Of red pepper
      1 c  Half-and-half
  1 1/2 tb Sherry (optional)
 
  Kale leaves Paprika
  
  Cut squash in half lengthwise, and remove seeds. Place squash, cut
  side down, in a broiler pan.  Add hot water to pan to a depth of 1
  inch. Bake at 350 F for 30 minutes. Spoon pulp from squash to create
  a serving bowl, reserving pulp.
  
  Place carrots and onion in a saucepan; cover with water. Bring to a
  boil; cover, reduce heat, and simmer for 15 minutes or until
  vegetables are tender. Drain; combine vegetables with reserved pulp
  and 1/3 cup water in container of an electric blender or food
  processor. Process for 30 seconds or until mixture is smooth. Set
  aside.
  
  Melt butter in a large Dutch oven over low heat; add flour, salt and
  pepper, stirring until smooth.  Cook for 1 minute, stirring
  constantly. Gradually add pureed vegetable mixture, chicken broth,
  and next 5 ingredients; bring to a boil.  Cover, reduce heat, and
  simmer for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.  Stir in half-and-half and,
  if desired, 1 1/2 Tbsp sherry. Cook until heated. If desired, serve
  in squash shells on a bed of kale.  Sprinkle with paprika.
  
  Yield:  8 servings
  
  Kaki Hockersmith Little Rock, Arkansas
  
  Source:  Southern Living, December 1991
  
  Posted by Kim Smith. Courtesy of Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH SOUP W/CORNED BEEF & WALNUTS
 Categories: Soups, Beef, Nuts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Lean Corned Beef
      3 qt Water
      2 lb Acorn Squash, Peeled,
           -Seeded & Cubed
           Black Peppercorns
           Nutmeg
           Mace
           Bay Leaf
           Juniper Berries
           Cloves
      4 oz Prepared Horseradish,
      2 qt Corned Beef Broth
  1 1/2 c  Heavy Cream
           Salt
           Pepper
      6 oz Walnuts, Shelled &
           -Toasted
      4 tb Chives, Snipped
 
  Cook the corned beef with water and seasonings until tender. Remove
  from the broth. Trim Cube. De-fat the broth. Add the squash. Cook
  until tender. Cool. Use a food processor to puree. Add the cream and
  horseradish. Season to taste. Add the cubed corned beef. Sprinkle
  with toasted walnuts and chives immediately before serving.
  
  Chef Fritz Sonnenschmidt From: Joel Ehrlich
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH STUFFED WITH APPLE COUSCOUS
 Categories: Fruits, Vegetarian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 c  Couscous
      1 c  Apple juice
    1/4 c  Prunes, pitted & chopped
    1/4 c  Dried cranberries
    1/4 c  Dried apples
    1/4 c  Apple juice concentrate,
           -- thawed
    1/4 ts Cardamom, ground
      1 tb Maple syrup
      4 ea Acorn squash, halved &
           -- seeded
    1/4 c  Pecans, toasted & chopped,
           -- optional
 
  Place couscous in a small mixing bowl.  Set aside.
  
  Bring apple juice to a boil in a small saucepan & pour over the
  couscous. Cover & set aside until the juice is absorbed. This will
  take 15 minutes.
  
  Stir in the fruit, apple juice concentrate, cardamom & maple syrup.
  Set aside.
  
  Steam squash halves until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain & place on a
  baking sheet.  Preheat oven to 350F. Fill squash halves with the
  couscous mixture & bake for 20 minutes. Top with pecans & serve.
  
  "Vegetarian Gourmet" Winter, 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH WITH CRANBERRY FILLING
 Categories: Appetizers, Vegetables, Microwave
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 sm Acorn squash
           Salt
      8 tb Butter or margarine
      8 tb Honey
     16 oz Whole-berry cranberry sauce
      1    Wash and dry squash.
 
  2. Place squash in Microwave Oven and heat, uncovered, 15 minutes or
  until they feel soft to the touch. 3. Let stand 5 minutes. 4. Cut in
  half and remove seeds. 5. Place cut-side-up in a shallow,
  heat-resistant, non-metallic baking dish. 6. Sprinkle with salt.
  Place 1 tablespoon of butter and 1 table- spoon of honey in each
  half. 7. Heat, uncovered, in Microwave Oven 4 minutes or uuntil
  butter has melted. 8. With a brush or spoon, spread honey-butter
  mixture over cut surfaces of squash 9. Place a spoonful of cranberry
  sauce in each squash half. If warmed cranberry sauce is desired,
  return filled squash halves to Microwave Oven for 6 minutes or until
  cranberry sauce is hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH WITH CRANBERRY STUFFING
 Categories: Vegetables, Lo/no-fat
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Acorn squash
    1/2 sm Onion -- finely chopped
      1    Celery rib -- finely
           Chopped
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Allspice
    1/2    Apple -- cored and diced
      2 tb Apple juice -- divided use
    1/2 c  Cranberries -- fresh or
           Frozen
    1/2 tb Raisins
      1 tb Brown sugar
      1 sl Bread -- torn into pieces
    1/2 tb Nuts -- coarsely chopped
 
  Halve squash and remove seeds.  Spray lightly with cooking spray;
  place face down on a baking sheet and bake about 45 to 60 min in a
  350=B0F oven or until tender when tested with a fork. Meanwhile, coat
  a non-stick skillet with cooking spray; over medium heat saut=E9
  onion and celery until tender.  Add salt, pepper, allspice, apple=
  and 1 Tablespoon apple juice; cook just until apple is tender. Stir
  in cranberries, raisins, and 1 Tablespoon apple juice; cook until
  cranberries pop. Add brown sugar; stir until dissolved. Stir in bread
  cubes and nuts. If desired, a few drops of almond extract may be
  added. Sprinkle baked squash with salt (optional) and pepper. Divide
  stuffing evenly between the halves. Bake for 15 minutes at 375=B0F.
  
  Makes 4 side-dish servings. per serving: 106 Kcal 1.1g fat (0.2g sat
  fat) 9% CFF  249mg Na
  
  Makes 2 main-course servings. per serving: 212 Kcal 2.2g fat (0.4g
  sat fat) 9% CFF  498mg Na
  
  Recipe By     : modified from Walking Magazine in 1989-90 by R.
  Winters
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: 	owner-Mm-Recipes@idiscover.Net O
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH WITH NUTMEG
 Categories: Side, Squash, Sthrn/livng, Vegetable
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 md Acorn squash (about 1 pound)
      1 tb Plus 1 teaspoon brown sugar
      1 tb Plus 1 teaspoon reduced
           -calorie margarine; melted
    1/4 ts To 1/2 teaspoon ground
           -nutmeg
    1/8 ts Pepper
 
     Cut squash into quarters; remove seeds.  Place squash, cut side
  up, in a shallow baking dish; add boiling water to the depth of 1/2
  inch. Cover and bake at 400 degrees F for 30 minutes or until tender.
     Combine remaining ingredients; divide among squash cavities. Bake,
  uncovered, at 400 degrees F an additional 10 minutes or until lightly
  browned. Yield: 4 servings ( about 70 calories per serving ).
  
  From "Southern Living"  November, 1985     Typos by Jeff Pruett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH WITH PINE NUTS
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 ea Acorn squash, halved
      2 tb Pine nuts
      1 ea Garlic clove, minced
    1/4 c  Green onions, sliced
  1 1/2 ts Oil
      1 c  Mushrooms, sliced
    1/2 c  Zucchini, diced
    1/2 c  Yellow squash, diced
      1 c  Tomatoes, diced
      2 ts Lemon juice
      2 ts Oregano
      2 ts Basil
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Black pepper
 
  Preheat oven to 375F.  Place squash, cut side down, on a baking sheet
  & cook until tender, about 45 minutes. Set aside to cool. Scoop out
  the inside & discard the seeds & strings.
  
  Saute pine nuts & green onions in oil for 1 minute. Add mushrooms,
  zucchini, yellow squash & tomatoes & saute until just about tender, 5
  minutes or so.
  
  Stir in the remaining ingredients.  Spoon the vegetable mixture into
  the squash shells.  Serve immediately.
  
  "Vegetarian Gourmet" Fall, 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORN SQUASH WITH WEHANI RICE & PECAN STUFFIN
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-fat, Side dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Acorn squash
      2 c  Wehani rice or rice blend
      4 c  Water
      1 tb Tamari
      1 tb Soy margarine or butter
      1 c  Carrot, diced
      1 c  Celery, diced
      1 c  Onion, diced
    1/4 ts Dried thyme
    1/2 ts Fresh ginger, minced
      2 tb Pecan pieces
      1 tb Orange zest, minced
           Sea salt
           Freshly ground black pepper

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
      1 c  Orange juice
      1 tb Honey or barley malt
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
 
  Halve squash lengthwise.  Seed, then steam for 20 minutes (squash
  will not be fully cooked).  Set aside. (May be prepared one day
  ahead. Refrigerate.)
  
  Bring water and tamari to a boil in a 2-quart saucepan over
  medium-high heat.  Add rice and return to a boil. Reduce heat and
  simmer, covered, until liquid is absorbed and rice is tender. (Rice
  may be cooked up to 2 days ahead; refrigerate until used.)
  
  For Stuffing: In a large skillet, saute carrots, celery, onion, thyme
  and ginger in margarine or butter until onions are golden. Thoroughly
  toss in pecans, orange zest and rice. Season with salt and pepper to
  taste. Remove from heat and set aside.  (Stuffing may be prepared 1
  day ahead and refrigerated.)
  
  Put glaze ingredients into a small jar and shake vigorously to
  combine. Keep refrigerated until ready to use. (Glaze may be prepared
  a day ahead.)
  
  One hour before serving, preheat oven to 375 F.  Mound stuffing
  mixture into each squash half to about 2 inches over top of squash.
  Place stuffed squash halves in a baking pan filled with 1/2 cup of
  water. Drizzle some glaze over stuffing and brush onto squash. Cover
  with foil and bake 20 minutes.
  
  Drizzle remaining glaze over squash, and continue baking, uncovered,
  for another 20 minutes until glazed and lightly browned. Serve
  immediately.
  
  Calories per serving: 326 Grams of fat: 5 % fat calories: 14
  Cholesterol: 0 mg. Grams of fiber: 5.8
  
  Adapted from a recipe in Delicious! magazine (November 1994) Typed
  for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACORNS
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter, melted
    3/4 c  Brown sugar, firmly packed
  1 1/2 c  Pecans, chopped fine,*
  2 1/2 c  All-purpose flour, sifted
    1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 c  Semi-sweet chocolate chips
 
  * divided in 3/4 cup portions
  
   This is an easy yet elegant butter-pecan cookie shaped to resemble an
  acorn and dipped in melted chocolate chips and chopped pecans.
  
   Preheat oven to 375ø.
  
   In a large bowl, beat together butter, brown sugar, 3/4 cup chopped
  pecans and vanilla on medium speed until well blended. Add flour and
  baking powder and mix well, using low speed.
  
   Shape dough into 1-inch balls. Slightly flatten by pressing balls
  onto ungreased cookie sheets; pinch tops to point to resemble acorns.
  Bake for 10-12 minutes at 375ø. Remove from oven and cool on wire
  racks.
  
   In top of a double boiler over simmering water, melt chocolate chips,
  stirring until smooth. Remove from heat; keep double boiler over
  water. Dip large ends of cooled cookies into melted chocolate, then
  roll in chopped pecans. Cool to set chocolate.
  
  Yield: 3 dozen. Peggy Mellody, co-author, In the Chips: The Complete
  Chocolate Chip Cookbook (published by Rawson Associates), Los
  Angeles, CA
  
     Randy Shearer
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACQUA DI MIELE ALLA LUGANESE (HONEY WATER)
 Categories: Switzerland, Beverages, Tsc
      Yield: 1 Quart
 
      1 qt Wine, red, dry
      1 c  Honey
      1 ea Cinnamon stick
 
    Combine the wine and honey in a bowl and mix well. Add the cinnamon
  stick.  Cover and let stand in the sun for 3 days. Stir occasionally.
  Remove the cinnamon. Pour into bottles or glass jars and seal. Let
  stand
        3    more days in the sun.
    This used to be given to children and anybody else who needed a
  strengthening drink - for a cold, or before going swimming in Lake
  Lugano.
    From "The Swiss Cookbook" by Nika Standen Hazelton, MM by
  donw1948@usa.net
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACQUASALE (SWEET PEPPER SAUCE)
 Categories: Main dish, Italian, Pasta, Appetizers, Sauces
      Yield: 3 Cups
 
      3 tb Olive oil
      1 ea Red onion, finely sliced
    1/2 ea Garlic clove, finely minced
      3 ea Red bell peppers, roasted,
           -- ribs, membranes & seeds
           -- removed & cut into 1/2"
           -- slices
      2 md Tomatoes, seeded & cut into
           -- chunks
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Fresh breadcrumbs, optional
 
  Warm the olive oil in a large heavy saute pot.  Add the red onion &
  saute over a low heat until the onion becomes limp & translucent. Add
  the garlic & saute briefly. Stir in the pepper strips & sweat them
  over low heat for 20 to 25 minutes.  Add the tomatoes & salt & cook
  another 2 to 3 minutes. Cool to room temperature. Put the mixture in
  a food processor & pulse about 30 times.  DO NOT PUREE. If it seems
  too moist, add the breadcrumbs. Serve either as an antipasto, or as a
  main dish with pasta or polenta. Or, add stock & serve as a soup.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACQUAZZURRA INDONESIAN CHICKEN MADRAS
 Categories: Chicken, Restaurants, Dkuhnen msn
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Boneless, skinless chicken
           Breast halves
           Vegetable oil
      1 tb Curry powder
      1    Ripe mango, peeled, pitted
           And pureed
    1/4 c  Coconut milk
           Salt and pepper
    1/3 c  Whipping cream
 
  Brown chicken in 2 tablespoons hot oil and transfer to a 400F oven
  for 10 minutes.  Stir curry powder into same skillet and cook 1
  minute. Stir in mango puree followed by coconut milk. Season with
  salt and pepper. Simmer 2 to 3 minutes then stir in cream. Simmer 3
  to 5 minutes. Serve mango sauce with chicken. From Acquazzurra
  Ristorante, 137 Avenue Rd., Toronto, Ontario.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACRATS DE MORUE (CATFISH FRITTERS)
 Categories: Martinique, Fish, Appetizers, Upload
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Flour, all-purpose
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 md Eggs
      3 tb Butter, unsalted; melted,
           -cooled
      1 c  Milk, whole
    1/2 lb Salt codfish
      1 ea Pepper, hot; seeded
      2 ea Scallions; chopped fine
      1 ea Garlic cloves; crushed
      1 tb Parsley; chopped
    1/2 ts Thyme
      1 ea Allspice berry; ground
           Pepper, black; to taste
           Oil, vegetable
 
    Sift flour and salt into bowl. Beat eggs with butter and add to
  flour mixture. Add milk gradually, stirring only to mix. Add more
  milk if batter is too stiff. Cover, allow to stand 3 hours.
    Meanwhile, soak fish in cold water. Drain, remove bones and skin.
  Pound fish in mortar with hot pepper. Add scallions, garlic, parsley,
  thyme, allspice, and black pepper to taste. Stir into batter and
  stand 30 minutes.
    Heat oil in deep fryer (375F) and fry mixture by heaping tablespoons
  until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and keep warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ACROBAT CHOCOLATE POLENTA CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
     12 oz Semi-sweet chocolate
    3/4 lb Sweet butter
      8    Egg yolks
      1 c  Brown sugar
    1/3 c  White sugar
    1/3 c  Ground almonds
      1 tb All-purpose flour
    1/4 c  Cornmeal
      8    Egg whites
      1 tb Cream of tartar
 
  In a large saucepan over very low heat, melt chocolate. Add butter,
  stir until melted and remove from heat (the mixture should be body
  temperature, not too hot to touch with a finger). In a large bowl,
  combine egg yolks, brown and white sugar, and stir until well mixed.
  Add the chocolate, and stir well until combined. In a small bowl,
  combine almonds, flour and cornmeal, stir until well mixed. Pour this
  into the chocolate and stir until combined. In a large bowl with an
  electric mixer, beat the egg whites with cream of tartar until they
  form stiff peaks. Fold the egg whites into the chocolate in three
  batches.  Chef Dale Nichols warns that folding egg whites into
  chocolate takes a real knack and suggests using your hand as the
  paddle.  To do this by hand, use your hand as a paddle and push your
  palm down to the centre of the bowl, and slide up the side of the
  bowl and turn your hand over. Do not over-mix or you will knock the
  air out of the egg whites causing a much denser texture. Bake in a
  buttered, floured 10 inch spring form pan for 5 minutes at 400F.
  Reduce heat to 350F and bake for another 20 to 30 minutes, or until
  cake tests done in the centre. Let cool completely before removing
  from pan.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADA FRENCH SPONGE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts, Low-cal
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/2 c  SIFTED CAKE FLOUR
    3/4 ts BAKING POWDER
    1/4 ts SALT
      3    EGGS, SEPARATED
    1/2 ts ALMOND EXTRACT
    1/4 ts VANILLA EXTRACT
      6 tb SUGAR
 
  Preheat OVEN TO 350 f. Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt.
  Beat egg yolks in a small bowl, rapidly, until very thick and lemon
  colored, adding almond and vanilla flavorings during the beating.
  
  With clean beaters, beat the egg whites until stiff and shiny; begin
  to add sugar, not more than 1 Tablespoon at a time, and beat
  constantly. Continue to beat rapidly until whites are very stiff and
  glossy. Gently fold in the beaten egg yolks. In the same manner fold
  in the dry ingredients until well mixed. Using a small spatula and a
  measuring tablespoon, measure and droop onto ungreased baking sheets,
  spacing 2 inches apart. Bake for 10 minutes until light and golden
  brown. Remove at once from sheet to cool.
  
  one serving = 4 cookies = 1 bread exchange CHO 11, PRO 2, FAT 2, CAL
  67, Na 94
  
  Posted by PHILLIP BOWER, Prodigy ID# FHMN87A.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADA'S MOLASSES NUT BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Holiday, Both, Echo
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 3/4 c  Flour; sifted all-purpose
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Soda
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Nut meats; chopped
    1/2 c  Seedless raisins
    3/4 c  Molasses
      1    Egg; beaten
    1/4 c  Shortening; melted or oil
      2 ts Grated orange rind
 
       Mix together and sift flour, baking powder, soda, salt and sugar
  into a mixing bowl; add nut meats and raisins and mix together.
  Combine the milk, molasses, egg, shortening and orange rind; add to
  dry mixture and stir only enough to dampen flour.  Bake in a greased
  bread pan, 10x5x3 inch, in a moderate oven,
      350    degrees F., for 1 1/4 hours.
  
  This recipe makes a large loaf of fruit bread.
  
  From THE FLAVOR OF MAINE by Brownie Schrumpf.  A culinary special
  published by The Bangor Daily News. @ 1976.
  
  Shared by Robert Rostrup. The "LaRK" (Cooking, WP51, Chatter)
  
  ~-- EZPoint V2.2 * Origin: "LaRK's" Place (1:343/26.3)
  
  *** This is a reply to #153.  *** See also #155. From: Lawrence
  Kellie To: Cindy Vincent Msg #155, Mar-22-93 05:56:16 Subject: Re: I
  need recipes!!
  
        1    recipe
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADAI
 Categories: Vegetarian, Indian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Rice
    1/3 c  Urad dal
    1/3 c  Chana dal
    1/3 c  Yellow split peas
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Red chili powder
      1 lg Onion (opt)
      1    Carrot (opt)
    1/4 c  Coconut, grated (opt)
 
  Mix rice, chana dal, urad dal, and yellow split peas in a large
  vessel. Soak in a lot of water for about 2 hours.
  
  Grind the soaked mixture with chili powder and salt coarsely, without
  adding much water.
  
  Ferment for about 3 - 4 hours, then refrigerate or freeze. In cold
  weather, the fermenting process might take longer, and it might be a
  good idea to ferment in an oven (the pilot light will keep the
  mixture warm).
  
  Add either onions (finely cut), carrot (grated) or coconut before
  preparing.
  
  Freezing Notes
  
  If freezing, only ferment for about an hour.  The mixture will have
  to be left out for a while before being ready to use.
  
    Rajeev Krishnamoorthy, rajeev@twain.EE.CORNELL.EDU
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADAI(SAVORY INDIAN PANCAKES)
 Categories: Digest, Indian
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Mixture of dhals*
      2 c  Long grained rice
           Salt to taste.
 
  *(use any combination of tur dhal, chana dal or even split yellow
  peas)
  
  Wash and rinse the dhals and rice thoroughly. When the rinse water
  runs clear, soak the dhals and rice together in a bowl with fresh
  water for a couple of hours. Drain the dhal-rice mixture and grind
  into a somewhat coarse mixture in a blender using water when
  necessary. Empty the batter into a bowl, add some salt and let it
  rest for at least an hour. You could also let it ferment overnight if
  you like a sourdough tang in your pancakes.
  
  To make the pancakes, heat a non-stick/well-seasoned cast iron
  skillet on a moderate stove. If a few drops of water bounce off the
  pan, the pan is hot enough and you can proceed to make the pancakes.
  
  Drop a ladleful of the pre-prepared batter in the center of the pan
  and with the back of the ladle, swirl the batter from inside to
  outside to form a thin round pancake. Wait till the top looks dry,
  wait another minute if you like them crisp and flip to cook the other
  side. Remove onto a plate and eat immediately with a nice coriander
  chutney. (Continue preparing pancakes in the same way, till you run
  out of batter and/or chutney. The batter will also keep in the fridge
  for almost a week and you can prepare the pancakes when the mood
  strikes you.)
  
  Variation: Can add finely chopped onions/jalapenos/spinach/ginger/a
  few cumin seeds, anything you fancy, to the batter before making the
  pancakes. You will however not be able to make neat circular
  pancakes. Instead, you will end up with (tasty) irregular shaped ones.
  
  From: nalini@picard.vwo.Verdix.COM (Nalini Ganapati). Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 8 Issue 55] June 16, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADAM'S  FAVORITE  DESSERT  -  KOLACKY
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Unsalted butter
      2 c  Confectioners' sugar
      6    Egg
      1 ts Almond extract
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      2 cn Solo fruit filling
      5 c  Sifted flour
           Additional powdered sugar
           Yolks
 
  Cream butter and sugar.  Add egg yolks, one at a time, beating well
  and flavorings.  Gradually add flour, dough will be stiff. Roll
  tablespoon size into balls. Place well apart on greased tin. Make
  thumb print in each ball and fill with Solo filling. Sift powdered
  sugar over when done.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADAPT YOUR OWN RECIPE
 Categories: Diabetic, Info/tips
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Info/help
 
  REDUCE CHOLESTEROL ~ Use vegetable oil or margarine instead of butter
  ~ Substitute 2 egg whites for 1 egg, or use egg substitute ~ Use more
  vegetables and grains and less meat in recipe ~ Use soy-based product
  to replace part of meat eg. tofu ~ Use nonfat milk products instead
  of whole milk
  
  REDUCE FAT CONTENT ~ Use reduced calorie mayonnaise and salad
  dressing ~ Blend cottage cheese or yogurt with milk for sour cream
  topping ~ Replace regular whipping cream with low-cal topping or
  yogurt ~ Remove visible fat from meat and skin from poultry before
  cooking ~ Decrease oil in marinades and salad dressing; increase
  vinegar, water and seasonings ~ Use foods canned in their own juice
  or water ~ De-fat meat drippings by refrigerating and skimming fat
  off the top ~ Decrease the amount of fat used in baked goods by 1/3
  to 1/2 and increase fluids called for to reach desired consistency. ~
  Cheese that is finely grated or thinly sliced goes further ~ Pour
  some of the fat off the top of "natural" peanut butters
  
  REDUCE SODIUM CONTENT ~ Use low-salt or no-salt-added products ~
  Increase your use of herbs and spices in place of salt in recipes ~
  Use fresh foods whenever possible in place of canned or processed
  (soup mixes, cured meats etc) or rinse canned foods (tuna) with water
  ~ Do not add salt to water when cooking pasta or other foods
  
  REDUCE SUGAR CONTENT ~ Decrease the amount of sugar called for in
  traditional recipes by at least 1/3; substitute fruit juices, nectars
  or pureed fruits. ~ Use fruit canned in water or fruit juice ~ Use
  non caloric sweeteners if needed to increase the sweetness of a
  recipe without added calories.  (Most baked desserts require at least
  3/4 tsp. sugar per serving to achieve a desirable flavor.)
  
  Adapted from Univ. of Calif. San Diego Healthy Diet For Diabetics c.
  1990.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADAPTED PICKLE JUICE RYE
 Categories: Abm, Breads
      Yield: 1 Lg. loaf
 
MMMMM------------------------FRAN NOSSEN-----------------------------

MMMMM------------------ADAPTED BY LISA CRAWLEY-----------------------
      3 c  Bread Flour
      3 ts Fleischmann's Active Yeast
      1 c  Sour Dill Brine
    3/4 c  Water; warmed to 120 degrees
      2 tb Crisco
      2 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Dry Dill Weed
  1 1/2 c  Med. Rye Flour
  1 1/2 ts Caraway Seeds
      1    Lg. Egg; room temp.
 
  I used my crock dill brine and decreased the salt from the original
  recipe which called for 2 ts. due to the high salt content of my
  brine. I forgot the egg that is called for! I used 3 ts. Active Dry
  Yeast instead of the 3 pkg. called for in the conventional recipe. I
  warmed the brine and the water.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADAS CAREH (LENTIL BUTTER)
 Categories: Appetizers, Ethnic, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Uncooked lentils
    1/2 ts Salt
  2 1/4 c  Water
      1 tb Olive oil
      6 ea Green onions, sliced
      1 sm Garlic clove, minced
  1 1/2 tb Parsley
      1 ds Cayenne
      1 ds Turmeric
    1/4 c  Water, as needed
 
  Combine water, lentils, salt in a pot.  Cook till lentils are soft.
  Drain, reserve stock.
  
  Heat oil in skillet & saute onions & garlic till onions are
  translucent. Add parsley & spices & cook another minute. Set aside.
  
  Combine lentils, cooking water & onion mixture in a food processor,
  adding more water a tb at a time as needed till the mixture reaches a
  spreadable consistency.
  
  Refrigerate a few hours before serving.  Spread on whole grain
  crackers or use as a vegetable dip.
  
  "Vegetarian Times" March, 1992
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADD RO*TEL TO YOUR FAVORITE RECIPES
 Categories: Info
      Yield: 1 Info
 
           No ingredients
 
  Substitute the liquid in your favorite meatloaf recipe with one can
  (10 oz) RO*TEL Diced Tomatoes and Green Chilies. Bake as usual.
  
  Add one can RO*TEL when mashing potatoes.
  
  Replace milk in your favorite packaged macaroni and cheese dinner
  with one can RO*TEL.
  
  Stir in one can RO*TEL after browning potatoes for homefries; simmer
  for 15 minutes.
  
  Add one can RO*TEL Whole Tomatoes and Green Chilies along with the
  vegetables when preparing beef stews and pot roasts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADDICTIVE CREAM OF BROCCOLI SOUP
 Categories: Broccoli, Dairy, Cheese
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
  2 fresh broccoli (each about 3-in. bottom diameter) 1/2 lb butter 2
  to 6 cloves garlic, chopped 1 tb Chervil (fresh/dried chopped) 1 ts
  salt 1 ts white pepper 3 c milk (full-cream milk) 1 md egg yolk,
  beaten 1/4 c flour 1/8 ts cardamom 1/8 ts mace 1 c heavy cream
  (whipping) 1/3 c Gruyere cheese (fresh,
      grate fine) 1/3 c parmesan cheese (grate to
      powder)
  
  (1)  Cut broccoli into bite-size pieces.  Discard the hard stem
  pieces, but
     keep tender leaves and stem parts.
  
  (2)  Steam the cut broccoli for about 5-8 minutes, until just bright
  green
     in color.  Do not over- cook.
  
  (3)  In a 10-inch enameled (non-metal) skillet, heat 6 oz of butter
  until
     melted.  Add chopped garlic and wait until butter is hot enough to
     cook in. Add steamed broccoli, then chervil to the skillet. Lightly
     salt the broccoli.
  
  (4)  Cover, and cook over medium low heat, stirring occasionally with
  a
     wooden spoon, for another 5-10 minutes or until the broccoli turns
  a
     darker green color and becomes very soft.
  
  (5)  Mash the broccoli right in the skillet until no large pieces
  remain.
     Use a potato masher or a strong wooden spoon.  Mash until there
  are no
     pieces remaining that are too big to fit in a soup spoon.
  
  (6)  While broccoli is cooking, add beaten egg yolk to
        2    cups of milk.
  
  (7)  Put 3 Tbsp butter into a 2-3 quart saucepan.  Use enamel or
  glass for
     best soup flavor.  Metal pans will make this soup bitter. Melt
  butter
     and add flour.  When the flour bubbles and starts to cook, add the
     egg/milk mixture into the saucepan.  Add the cardamom, mace, and
  white
     pepper.  Stir con- tents of saucepan constantly with wooden spoon
     until thick. Lower the cooking heat.
  
  (8)  Empty the mashed broccoli mixture into the sau- cepan. Stir until
     well-mixed. Slowly stir in the remaining milk and the cream. As
  soon
     as the soup becomes hot enough to cook again, add the grated
  cheeses.
  
  (9)  Turn the heat down lower and simmer for about 5 more minutes,
  stirring
     to allow the cheeses to melt and mix while the table is being set.
     Serve immediately and retire quickly so as not to be trampled by
  those
     who smelled it cooking.
  
  NOTES This recipe may be doubled, halved or whatever without penalty.
  Vary
     the amount of milk added the second time to change the soup
  thickness
     to your own tastes.  You also may use any fresh green vegetable as
  a
     substitute for the broc- coli. Asparagus tips, artichoke hearts,
  and
     corn are espe- cially nice.  Cook them in the same way as you did
  the
     broc- coli.  Use any leftover butter on the hard French finger
  rolls.
  
  CONTRIBUTOR George Robertson Fort Worth, Texas
  
      Copyright (C) 1987 USENET
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBE BREAD
 Categories: Bakery, Breads
      Yield: 2 Loaves
 
      1 pk Active dry yeast (1/4 oz)
    1/4 c  Lukewarm water
      1 ts Salt
      3 tb Vegetable shortening, melted
      1 c  Cold water
  4 1/2 c  All purpose flour
 
  In a large bowl, soften the yeast in the lukewarm water. Mix the
  salt, 2 tablespoons of the shortening, and the cold water together
  and add to the yeast mixture. Sift in the flour gradually, beating
  well after each addition for a smooth consistency.  You will probably
  have to knead in the final cup of flour. Shape the dough into a ball,
  brish lightly with the remaining shortening, and cover with a dry
  cloth.  Set the bowl in a warm place until doubled in bulk, anout 1
  hour. Punch the dough down and, on a floured board, knead about 5
  minutes. Shape into 2 round loaves on a well greased baking sheet.
  Cover with a dry cloth and set to rise another 45 minutes. Preheat
  the oven to 400F. Bake the loaves on a cookie sheet 50 minutes, until
  they are light brown and sound hollow when tapped.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBE~ MEXICAN SMOKED CHILI MARINADE
 Categories: Marinades
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           PUNKY SMCD91F
      3    Oranges -- juice of
           Lime -- juice of
      2    Chipotle chiles -- (canned)
           Chopped
      3 cl Garlic -- finely chopped
      2 ts Oregano -- crushed
      1 ts Cumin seeds
      1 ts Black pepper
      2 tb Wine vinegar
      1 ts Salt
 
  Combine orange and lime juices, chiles garlic, oregano, cumin, black
  pepper, vinegar and salt in blender. Puree until smooth. Makes enough
  marinade for l l/2 to 2 pounds meat or chicken. Do you get the Times.
  On page H 48 there are several marinades which are all low calorie.
  There is a Teriyaki, Tandoori, Berber and Cinnamon-Orange Marinade.
  If you didn't get the paper, do any of these interest you? Please let
  me know and I'll post some for you. P FRISCHKNECHT
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBO
 Categories: Mexican, Marinades
      Yield: 1 Cup
 
      8    Cloves of Garlic, unpeeled
      4    Dried chiles Anchos
           -stemmed,seeded,deveined
           -about 2 ounces
      6    Dried chiles Guajillos
           -stemmed,seeded,deveined
           -about 1 1/2 ounces
    1/2    Inch stick cinnamon
           -about 1/2 t ground
      1    Clove, or a pinch ground
     10    Black peppercorns
           -scant 1/4 t ground
      2 lg Bay Leaves broken up
    1/8 ts Cumin seed, or 1/8 t ground
    1/2 ts Dried Oregano
    1/2 ts Dried Thyme
  1 1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Cider vinegar
 
   Toasting the chiles and garlic. Roast the garlic cloves on a griddle
  or heavy skillet over medium heat, turning frequently, until
  blackened in spots and VERY soft, about 15 minutes. Remove, cool,
  skin and roughly chop.
   While the garlic is roasting, tear the chiles into flat pieces and
  toast them a few at a time: Use a metal spatula to press them firmly
  against the hot surface for a few seconds, until they blister,
  crackle and change color, then flip them over and press them flat to
  toast the other side.
   Soaking the dried chiles. Break the chiles into a small bowl, cover
  with boiling water, weight with a plate to keep submerged and soak 30
  minutes. Drain, tear into smaller pieces, place in a blender jar and
  add the garlic.
   Finishing the Adobo. In a mortar or spice grinder, pulverize the
  cinnamon, cloves, peppercorns, bay leaves and cumin. Add the chiles
  along with the oregano, thyme, salt, vinegar and 3 Tb water. With a
  long series of blender pulses, reduce the mixture to a paste. Run the
  blender for a few seconds until the mixture clogs, then scrape down
  the sides with a spatula and stir; repeat a dozen times or more until
  the mixture is smooth. Don't add water unless absolutely necessary or
  this marinating paste won't do its job well. Strain the paste through
  a medium-mesh sieve into a noncorrosive container with a
  tight-fitting lid. Cover and refrigerate.
   Considerations: After soaking the chiles, they can be put through a
  foley food mill to remove the skins and the seeds. Add this puree
  along with the garlic to the small blender jar and proceed. If this
  is done, and the mixture is put together in a small blender jar, and
  pulsed, scraped down, and mixed very well the final sieving can be
  eliminated.
   All of the chiles can be Ancho or Guajillo. You can substitute 3 1/2
  ounces of California or New Mexican chiles for the above chiles but
  the flavor will be light.
   Adobo with powdered chiles: For a darker, stronger tasting adobo made
  without the tedious series of blender runs, roast the chiles and
  garlic as directed above, then pulverize the chiles with the
  cinnamon,cloves,pepper, bay leaves and cumin in several batches in a
  spice grinder; sift through a medium-mesh sieve. Skin the garlic and
  mash it to a smooth paste. Mix with the powdered chile mixture,
  oregano, thyme, salt, vinegar and 6 Tb water. Store as directed above.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBO (MEXICAN SMOKED CHILE MARINADE)
 Categories: Condiments, Spices, Mexican, Marinades
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3    Oranges
      1    Lime
      2    To 3 canned chipotle chilies
           -or to taste
      3    Cloves garlic (1 T)
      2 ts Dried oregano
    1/2 ts Cumin seed
    1/2 ts Black pepper
      2 tb Wine vinegar
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Source: FOODday, July 9, '91 From: Valerie Whittle
  
  This spicy marinade owes its unusual flavor to the chipotle, a smoked
  jalapeno chile.  Chipotles are usually sold canned in tomato paste.
  Look for them at Mexican and Latin American markets. Adobo marinade
  goes particularly well with pork.
  
  Juice the oranges and lime.  Finely chop chilies and garlic. Place
  citrus juices, chilies, garlic, oregano, cumin, black pepper, vinegar
  and salt in blender and puree until smooth.
  
  Makes enough marinade for 1 1/2 to 2 pounds meat or chicken.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBO (SMOKED CHILE MARINADE)
 Categories: Marinades
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3    Oranges
      1    Lime
      2    To 3 canned chipotle chilies
           -or to taste
      3    Cloves garlic (1 T)
      2 ts Dried oregano
    1/2 ts Cumin seed
    1/2 ts Black pepper
      2 tb Wine vinegar
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Source: FOODday, July 9, '91 From: Valerie Whittle
  
  This spicy marinade owes its unusual flavor to the chipotle, a smoked
  jalapeno chile.  Chipotles are usually sold canned in tomato paste.
  Look for them at Mexican and Latin American markets. Adobo marinade
  goes particularly well with pork.
  
  Juice the oranges and lime.  Finely chop chilies and garlic. Place
  citrus juices, chilies, garlic, oregano, cumin, black pepper, vinegar
  and salt in blender and puree until smooth.
  
  Makes enough marinade for 1 1/2 to 2 pounds meat or chicken.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBO (SMOKED CHILE MARINADE) #1
 Categories: Marinades
      Yield: 1 Cup
 
      8    Cloves of Garlic, unpeeled
      4    Dried chiles Anchos
           -stemmed,seeded,deveined
           -about 2 ounces
      6    Dried chiles Guajillos
           -stemmed,seeded,deveined
           -about 1 1/2 ounces
    1/2    Inch stick cinnamon
           -about 1/2 t ground
      1    Clove, or a pinch ground
     10    Black peppercorns
           -scant 1/4 t ground
      2 lg Bay Leaves broken up
    1/8 ts Cumin seed, or 1/8 t ground
    1/2 ts Dried Oregano
    1/2 ts Dried Thyme
  1 1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Cider vinegar
 
   Toasting the chiles and garlic. Roast the garlic cloves on a griddle
  or heavy skillet over medium heat, turning frequently, until
  blackened in spots and VERY soft, about 15 minutes. Remove, cool,
  skin and roughly chop.
   While the garlic is roasting, tear the chiles into flat pieces and
  toast them a few at a time: Use a metal spatula to press them firmly
  against the hot surface for a few seconds, until they blister,
  crackle and change color, then flip them over and press them flat to
  toast the other side.
   Soaking the dried chiles. Break the chiles into a small bowl, cover
  with boiling water, weight with a plate to keep submerged and soak 30
  minutes. Drain, tear into smaller pieces, place in a blender jar and
  add the garlic.
   Finishing the Adobo. In a mortar or spice grinder, pulverize the
  cinnamon, cloves, peppercorns, bay leaves and cumin. Add the chiles
  along with the oregano, thyme, salt, vinegar and 3 Tb water. With a
  long series of blender pulses, reduce the mixture to a paste. Run the
  blender for a few seconds until the mixture clogs, then scrape down
  the sides with a spatula and stir; repeat a dozen times or more until
  the mixture is smooth. Don't add water unless absolutely necessary or
  this marinating paste won't do its job well. Strain the paste through
  a medium-mesh sieve into a noncorrosive container with a
  tight-fitting lid. Cover and refrigerate.
   Considerations: After soaking the chiles, they can be put through a
  foley food mill to remove the skins and the seeds. Add this puree
  along with the garlic to the small blender jar and proceed. If this
  is done, and the mixture is put together in a small blender jar, and
  pulsed, scraped down, and mixed very well the final sieving can be
  eliminated.
   All of the chiles can be Ancho or Guajillo. You can substitute 3 1/2
  ounces of California or New Mexican chiles for the above chiles but
  the flavor will be light.
   Adobo with powdered chiles: For a darker, stronger tasting adobo made
  without the tedious series of blender runs, roast the chiles and
  garlic as directed above, then pulverize the chiles with the
  cinnamon,cloves,pepper, bay leaves and cumin in several batches in a
  spice grinder; sift through a medium-mesh sieve. Skin the garlic and
  mash it to a smooth paste. Mix with the powdered chile mixture,
  oregano, thyme, salt, vinegar and 6 Tb water. Store as directed above.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBO CHICKEN WINGS
 Categories: Chicken, Phillipines
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Soy sauce
    3/4 c  Vinegar
      1 ea Whole head of garlic, peel
           -and crush cloves
           1-2 bay leaves
      5 ea Peppercorns
      2 tb Brown sugar
      3 lb Of chicken wings
 
  Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  Mix everything but the wings together.
  Place wings in large pan, layering is okay, but make sure that the
  pan is large enough to hold the wings and sauce. Pour sauce over the
  wings, and bake until wings are done and golden brown.  Stir
  occasionally. Typically, Adobo is done with a whole chicken, and
  simmered stove top and served with white rice.  It's fairly flexible,
  some folks will broil the chicken after simmering to crisp it up a
  little, and reduce the sauce a bit. Others will add a cup or two of
  water during the simmering process. Some add brown sugar for a little
  sweetness, and/or cayenne to spice it up a bit. Adobo Chicken Wings
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBO KANG KONG
 Categories: Pork, Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Vinegar, cider
      4    Garlic; crushed
      1    Black pepper
      1    Rock salt
      1    Kang kong; (approximately)
      1    Onion; chopped
      3    Soy sauce; to taste
      1    Pork; chopped
      1    Water
 
  Recipe by: Nila Sweeney Preparation Time: 0:45 1. Wash and drain kang
  kong tops (use okra or string beans as substitutes) 2. Saute garlic,
  peper, onion & pork until brown.
   3. Add water and simmer until meat is tender.
       4.    Add kang kong and soy.
   5. Add vinegar when kang kong is cooked.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBO MARINADE
 Categories: Cuba, Sauce
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ts Ground cumin
      4    Cloves garlic
    3/4 c  Lime juice
           Pepper -- to taste
 
  Blend cumin, garlic and lime juice until smooth. Taste and season with
  pepper.  Marinade fish (chicken or meat) in the refrigerator for 1
  hour.
  
  ~-[mcRecipe / patH 24 Au 96 ]
  
  Recipe By     : Steven Raichlen, "Cumin" in Prevention Mag, Sept 1996
  
  From:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBO MARINADE (MEXICAN SMOKED CHILI)
 Categories: Sauces, Marinades
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 ea ORANGES
      1 ea LIME
      2 ea CANNED CHIPOTLE CHILIES
      1 ts GARLIC POWDER
    1/2 ts CUMIN
      2 ts OREGANO
    1/2 ts BLACK PEPPER
      2 tb WINE VINEGAR
    1/2 ts SALT
 
  JUICE THE LIME AND ORANGE. FINELY CHOP THE CHILIES. PLACE JUICE,
  GARLIC, CHILIES AND REMAINING INGREDIENTS IN BLENDER. PUREE UNTIL
  SMOOTH. MAKES ENOUGH MARINADE FOR ABOUT 2 LBS. BEEF, PORK, CHICKEN.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBO SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Marinades, Mesamexican, Lnet
      Yield: 1 Quarts
 
     12 ea Ancho chiles, wiped clean
    1/2 c  White vinegar
      2 c  Water
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      2 md Onions, thinly sliced
      5 ea Garlic cloves, sliced
      1 tb Ground cumin
      4 c  Chicken stock
      2 tb Brown sugar
    1/4 c  Orange juice
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      2 tb Tomato paste
      1 ts Black pepper, freshly ground
 
  Toast the chiles directly over a medium gas flame or in a cast-iron
  skillet until soft and brown, turning frequently to avoid scorching.
  
  Transfer the toasted chiles to a saucepan and add the vinegar and
  water. Bring to a boil, reduce to a simmer and cook 10 minutes to
  soften.
  
  Transfer the chiles and liquid to a blender or food processor. Pruee
  until a smooth paste is formed, adding a tbalespoon or 2 of water if
  necesary to thin. Set aside.
  
  Heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Saute
  the onions until golden brown, 8-10 minutes.
  
  Stir in the garlic and cook briefly just to release the aroma.
  
  Next, stir in the cumin and cook another minute.
  
  Add the chicken stock and reserved chile paste. Bring to a boil,
  reduce to a simmer and cook 20 minutes.
  
  Meanwhile, mix together the brown sugar, orange and lemon juices,
  tomato paste, salt and pepper to form a paste.
  
  Add to the simmering stock mixture and continue cooking another 15
  minutes.
  
  NOTE:  Adobe Sauce can be stored in the refrigertor 1 week or frozen
  indefinately.
  
  Makes 1 1/2 quarts.
  
  SOURCE: Mesa Mexicana by Mary Sue Milliken and Susan Feniger with
  Helena Siegel.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBONG BABOY (PORK ADOBO)
 Categories: Phillipines, Ham/pork
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      1 lb Pork Loin - cut into chunks
      1    Head Garlic
    1/4 c  Soy Sauce
      1 ts Black Pepper(freshly ground)
    1/2 c  White Vinegar
      1 tb Vegetable Oil
 
  Place the pork in a medium-size pot together with the garlic, soy
  sauce, pepper and vinegar and let stand for 2 hours. *(See note
  below) Cook slowly in the same pot until the pork is tender (about 30
  minutes). Transfer pieces of garlic to a seperate pan and fry in hot
  oil until brown. Add the pork pieces to the garlic and the fry until
  brown. Drain. Add the broth to the fried pork and garlic and simmer
  for 10 minutes.
  
  * Note (I usually brown the pork BEFORE I add it to the soy sauce
  mixture in order to render more of the fat out.
  
  Mark Soennichsen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBONG ISDA (FISH IN TANGY SAUCE)
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Hito (catfish) dressed
           -(or pickerel or trout)
      4    Cloves garlic, crushed
    1/3 c  Vinegar
    1/4 c  Water
      1 tb Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 sm Bay leaf
      3 tb Cooking oil
 
  1.  Put fish in porcelain or teflon skillet.  Combine the rest of
  ingredients except cooking oil, and pour over the fish.
  
  2.  Over medium heat, bring to a boil.  Cover, lower heat and simmer f
  about 10 minutes turning fish once.
  
  3.  Transfer fish to a dish.  Let sauce in skillet simmer until reduce
  Transfer to a small bowl and set aside.
  
  4.  Heat oil in skillet.  Fry fish until brown on all sides. Place on
  serving dish.  Pour sauce over it.
  
  Preparation and cooking time:  30 minutes Serves 4-5
  
  Recipes by Dennis Santiago, TWS bbs (1-310-676-0492), formatted by Man
  Rothstein (1/24/94)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBONG MANOK SA GATA (CHICKEN ADOBO IN COCON
 Categories: Poultry, Phillipines
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      3 lb Chicken cut into pieces
  1 1/2 c  Apple Cider Vinegar
      6 tb Garlic (finely minced)
    1/2 c  Soy Sauce
      1 ts Black Pepper(freshly ground)
      2    Bay Leaves
      1 tb Peppercorns
      1 tb Brown Sugar (optional)
     12 oz Coconut Milk (1 can)
        x  Salt or Patis to taste
 
  Combine all ingredients in a sauce pan and marinate for two hours.
  Boil mixture till chicken is tender. Separate sauce from chicken and
  broil chicken until brown. Reduce the sauce over moderate heat to
  half and pour over chicken.
  
  Serve Hot with rice.
  
  Mark Soennichsen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBONG PUSIT
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
  1 1/8 lb Small fresh squids
    1/2 c  Native vinegar
     10 ea Cloves garlic
      1 x  Salt and pepper to taste
      1 ea Medium-sized onion, sliced
      2 ea Medium-sized tomatoes, chopp
      1 x  Salt and pepper for seasonin
      1 ts Vet-sin (monosodium glutamat
 
      Wash the squids very well. Remove the long thin membrane in the
  head and slit the eyes to bring out the ink. Place the squids in a
  saucepan with vinegar, 6 cloves garlic crushed, salt and pepper.
  Cover and cook slowly until the squids are tender. Cut cooked squids
  into 1/2 inch slices crosswise.
     Crush remaining garlic and saute in a little lard in another pan.
  Add the onion and tomatoes and cook until tomatoes are very soft. Add
  the squids and the liquid in which they were boiled. Simmer for 7
  minutes. Season with salt, pepper and vet-sin.
      From "Favorite Filipino Recipes" by Pat Limjuco Dayrit. Paul
  Hamlyn Pty Limited. Dee Why West, New South Wales. 1975.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOBONG PUSIT (SQUID WITH GARLIC & TOMATO)
 Categories: Ethnic, Seafood
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/2 kg Small fresh squids
    1/2 c  Native vinegar
     10    Cloves garlic
           Salt and pepper to taste
      1 md Onion, sliced
      2 md Tomatoes, chopped
           Extra salt and pepper for
           -seasoning
      1 ts Vet-sin (monosodium
           -glutamate)
 
  Got down my single Filipino cook book and found this little gem. My
  grasp of Tagalog is non-existent but I'd guess that the name
  translates as "Squid Adobo". At any rate, it's squid stewed in
  vinegar. I assume that the reference to "native vinegar" refers to
  nipa sap vinegar (sukang paombong). The bottle I have is a milky
  looking vinegar that tastes pretty much like any vinegar so I imagine
  that you have some latitude on what type you can use.
  
  For those of you who have never tried it, Filipino food is an
  intriguing cuisine that has elements of Southeast Asian, Chinese and
  Mexican or Spanish influences. It has everything from spring rolls
  (lumpias) to rellenos dishes.
  
  Wash the squids very well.  Remove the long thin membrane in the head
  and slit the eyes to bring out the ink. Place the squids in a
  saucepan with vinegar, 6 cloves garlic crushed, salt and pepper.
  Cover and cook slowly until the squids are tender.  Cut cooked squids
  into 1/2 inch slices crosswise.
  
  Crush remaining garlic and saute in a little lard in another pan. Add
  the onion and tomatoes and cook until tomatoes are very soft. Add the
  squids and the liquid in which they were boiled. Simmer for 7
  minutes. Season with salt, pepper and vet-sin.
  
  From "Favorite Filipino Recipes" by Pat Limjuco Dayrit. Paul Hamlyn
  Pty Limited.  Dee Why West, New South Wales. 1975.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg; January 24 1991.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADOLF FREY'S PIKE QUENELLES
 Categories: Fish, German
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  2 1/2 lb Pike, skinned & boned
  1 1/4 c  ;Water
  1 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      2    Eggs
      1 c  Butter, unsalted
           ;Salt & fresh ground pepper
      4    Eggs yolks

MMMMM------------------------WHITE SAUCE-----------------------------
      1 qt Chicken stock, hmmade or can
  1 1/2 c  Heavy cream
           ;Salt & fresh ground pepper
    1/2 c  Shredded Parmesan cheese
 
  Author's note: Adolph Frey owns one of the few Michelin-rated 2-star
  restaurants in Germany. He made this dish at the lodge for Carl's
  birthday celebration 1 year. Quenelles are poached fish-&-egg mounds
  traditionally made w/pike.
  
  To make quenelles, grind pike in food processor, or use a tamis if
  you have one. Set aside.
  
  Bring water to a boil. Sift in flour & stir until water is absorbed.
  Keep stirring so that mixture doesn't stick to pan. Remove from heat
  & beat in 1 egg. Cool mixture, then refrigerate until cold. Remove
  mixture from refrigerator & blend it in food processor until smooth.
  This is the panade.
  
  Cream butter in small bowl. Put ground pike in bowl that is set inside
  another bowl of ice. Season w/salt & pepper, mix in panade, &
  gradually add other whole egg & all egg yolks. When blended well, add
  butter. This can be done in food processor if all ingreds are kept
  cold. Chill mixture for 30 mins.
  
  To make white sauce, place chicken stock in heavy saucepan over medium
  heat. Bring to simmer, then reduce heat & continue to simmer on low
  until stock is reduced down to 1 cup liquid, abt. 45 mins.
  
  In large saucepan over med. heat, reduce cream until it begins to
  thicken, whisking occasionally.
  
  whisk thickened cream into stock, adding more or less cream,
  deepending on desired consistency. Season w/salt & pepper to taste.
  Strain sauce through a fine-mesh sieve, if desired. Makes 2 cups.
  
  To assemble dish, shape quenelles by mounding mixture between 2 warmed
  spoons. Set each quenelle on floured surface.
  
  Preheat oven to 400F. Butter baking dish large enough to hold
  quenelles. In wide saucepan, bring 3 qts water to a boil & poach
  quenelles for 15 mins w/o letting water boil. Drain thoroughly.
  arrange quenelles in prepared baking dish.
  
  Nap quenelles w/enough white sauce to cover. Sprinkle w/Parmesan.
  Bake for 15-20 mins, unti cheese browns. Serve 2-3 quenelles per
  diner.
  
  From: The Riversong Lodge Cookbook: World-Class Cooking the the
  Alaskan Bush, by Kirsten Dixon. 1993. Alaska Northwest Books. ISBN
  0-88240-431-8 Shared by Deidre Ganopole in Anchorage.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADRAK
 Categories: Indian, Vegetarian, Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Grated fresh ginger
      4 c  Stock or water
    3/4 ts Salt
      1 tb Cumin seeds, toasted
    1/2 ts Black pepper
           Juice of one lemon
           Fresh coriander leaves
 
  Put grated ginger & stock into a pot & bring to a boil. Simmer 30
  minutes till the water has reduced by half. Add salt, cumin & pepper.
  Simmer for another 2 minutes. Squeeze in lemon juice & garnish with
  coriander. Excellent as a cold remedy & as a starter to an Indian
  meal.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADREANA'S GREEK PASTA SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Pasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        1 lb rotini
        1 lb boneless skinless chicken
  :          breasts
        3    stalks celery  -- chopped
        1    red bell pepper  -- chopped
    2 1/4 oz black olives  -- sliced
        4 oz feta cheese  -- drained &
  :          crumbled
        3    green onions  -- finely
  :          sliced
       16 oz Italian salad dressing
  
  Cook chicken in water to cover with 1 bay leaf.  Bring to boil and
  cook for 30 min. or until juices run clear. Cool and remove skins.
  Or, you can cook chicken in frying pan until cooked through.  Cut
  into bite size pieces. Cook noodles and drain.  Add all ingredients
  and mix well. I use only about half the bottle of dressing and then
  put the rest on the table if someone wants more.  Serve warm or cold.
  Serves 6
  
  Recipe By     : smithwe@uvmain.uvsc.edu
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADRIATIC RAVIOLI
 Categories: Brenda, Cookbook, Pasta, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        1 lb asparagus -- fresh
        1 lb cheese ravioli -- small,
  :          frozen
        5 TB butter -- or margarine
        1 lg red bell pepper -- seeded
  :          and cut into
  :          thin, 2-inch-long strips (1
  :          cup)
      1/2 lb mushrooms -- thinly sliced
  :          (about 2 cups)
        4 lg garlic cloves -- peeled and
  :          minced
        3 TB unbleached white flour
    2 1/2 c  milk
      1/4 ts salt
        1 ts paprika -- plus additional
  :          for
  :          garnish
        1 TB Dijon mustard
      1/4 c  fresh basil -- chopped
      1/2 c  Romano cheese -- (2 ounces),
  :          finely
  :          grated
  :          Pepper
  :          Finely grated Parmesan
  :          cheese for
  :          serving
  
  Put a large pot of water on to boil. Snap off and discard the tough
  asparagus ends, and cut the stalks into 1-inch pieces. You will have
  about 3 cups of asparagus. Steam until barely tender, 6 to 8 minutes,
  and set aside.
  
  Begin cooking the ravioli, stirring occasionally.
  
  Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Saute'
  the red pepper, mushrooms, and garlic until tender, 3 to 4 minutes.
  Remove the pan from the heat.
  
  Melt the remaining 4 tablespoons butter in a large, heavy saucepan
  over medium heat. Whisk in the flour, and let it cook for a minute or
  two. Slowly pour in the milk, whisking constantly until thickened,
  about 3 to 5 minutes.
  
  Add the salt, paprika, mustard, basil, Romano cheese, and pepper to
  taste stirring until the cheese is melted. Reduce the heat to very
  low, and stir in the sauteed vegetables.
  
  When the ravioli is tender and begins to float , after about 10 to 12
  minutes, drain it well, and transfer it to a large serving bowl.
  
  Pour on the sauce, and toss gently.  Garnish with paprika, and serve
  with Parmesan on the side.
  
  Tender ravioli, asparagus, and mushrooms tossed with a Dijon and basil
  cheese sauce make for this elegant entree, named for Italy's beautiful
  Adriatic coast. 4 servings
  
  Ginny Callan, Beyond The Moon Cookbook, more vegetarian recipes from
  the author of Horn of the Moon cookbook Adapted for Mastercook
  software by Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>
  
  Recipe By     : Ginny Callan, Beyond the Moon Cookbook
  
  From: Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmaidate: Fri, 25 Oct 1996 23:38:25
  ~0700
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADRIATIC SPAGHETTI - SPAGHETTI DELL'ADRIATICO
 Categories: Pasta, Seafood, Italian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 sm Octopus (about 3 1/4 pounds)
    1/2 c  Olive oil
      1 pn Rosemary
      1    Bay leaf
      1 pn Oregano
      1 ts Cumin seeds
           Chopped parsley
      1    Green chili pepper chopped
    1/2 lb Tomatoes, peeled and cut in
           -strips
      3    Cloves garlic, (inner buds
           -removed), chopped
           Salt and pepper
      1 lb Spaghetti
 
  Serves 4 to 6
  
  The octopus must be very carefully washed and dried, and the mouth
  removed. Cover the bottom of a saucepan with oil; add the rosemary,
  bay leaf oregano, cumin seeds, parley, chili pepper, tomatoes and
  chopped garlic. Place the octopus on top of this mixture and season
  with salt and pepper. Cover the pot very tightly and simmer for about
  45 minutes. Cook the spaghetti in plenty of boiling salted water
  until it is 'al dente' (firm to the bite). Drain and turn onto a warm
  serving dish. Mix the octopus sauce into the spaghetti. Serve piping
  hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADUKI & SQUASH SOUP
 Categories: Vegetarian, Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Dried aduki beans
    1/2 md Butternut squash
  5 1/2 c  ;water
      1 c  Onions; chopped
      1 c  Carrots; sliced
      2 tb Balsamic vinegar
      2    Bay leaves
      1 ts Dried savory
      1    Sprig fresh rosemary OR
      1 ts Dried rosemary
      2 tb Barley miso
 
   Prepre beans according to package directions.
   Remove seeds from squash, remove peel and cut flesh into 1" cubes.
  
   Place squash and remaining ingredients (except miso) in a largesoup
  kettle. Bring to a boil, reduceheat and simmer until vegetables are
  tender, about on hour.
  
   In a small bowl, mix miso and 1/4 cup broth until miso is dissolved.
  Stir miso mixture into soup. Do not boil soup after adding miso.
  
   Serve immediately.
  
   Per serving: 220 cal; 12 g prot; 331 mg sod; 43 g carb; 1 g fat; 0 mg
  chol; 43 mg calcium
  
   Source: Vegetarian Gourmet, Winter 93/MM by DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADUKI & SQUASH SOUP
 Categories: Vegetarian, Soups/stews
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Dried aduki beans
    1/2 md Butternut squash
  5 1/2 c  ;water
      1 c  Onions; chopped
      1 c  Carrots; sliced
      2 tb Balsamic vinegar
      2    Bay leaves
      1 ts Dried savory
      1    Sprig fresh rosemary OR
      1 ts Dried rosemary
      2 tb Barley miso
 
   Prepre beans according to package directions.
   Remove seeds from squash, remove peel and cut flesh into 1" cubes.
  
   Place squash and remaining ingredients (except miso) in a largesoup
  kettle. Bring to a boil, reduceheat and simmer until vegetables are
  tender, about on hour.
  
   In a small bowl, mix miso and 1/4 cup broth until miso is dissolved.
  Stir miso mixture into soup. Do not boil soup after adding miso.
  
   Serve immediately.
  
   Per serving: 220 cal; 12 g prot; 331 mg sod; 43 g carb; 1 g fat; 0 mg
  chol; 43 mg calcium
  
   Source: Vegetarian Gourmet, Winter 93/MM by DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADUKI BEANS
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Aduki beans
      4 c  Water
      1    Strip kombu seaweed
    1/4    - 1/2 tsp. sea salt
 
  Sweet Variation:  Add 2 cups butternut squash peeled and diced, the
  last 1/2 hour of cooking.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADVENT COOKIES
 Categories: Gifts, Cookies
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      1    -teacup molasses or black
           -treacle
      7 oz Light brown sugar
      9 tb Cocoa powder
     10 oz Butter or margarine;
           -softened
        pn Cinnamon
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 lb Plain flour (approximately)
 
  Preheat the oven to 400F.  Mix all of the ingredients together,
  except for the flour.  Add the flour slowly to the rest of the
  mixture until it reaches the right consistency to roll out. The dough
  should be quite soft. (You may find it easier to knead it with your
  hands.) Roll out on a floured surface to a thickness of about 1/4
  inch and cut into decorative shapes with small cookie cutters, a
  sharp knife or the rim of a glass. Place on a greased baking sheet
  and bake in the oven for about 8 minutes. Remove from the oven while
  they are still soft and cool on a rack, then pack into crocks or jars.
  
  The authors note that the Pennsylvania Dutch settlers made these at
  Thanksgiving and stored them in a stoneware crock until Christmas. The
  cookies can be made at any time, but allowed to age for 4-6 weeks.
  They can be used as a substitute for graham crackers for a pie crust.
  
  from Edible Gifts by Claire Clifton and Martina Nicolls typed by
  Tiffany Hall-Graham From: Tiffany Hall-Graham Date: 05 Mar 95
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADVOCAAT  (DUTCH EGGNOG)
 Categories: Ethnic, Beverages, Alcohol
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
     10    Eggs
    1/2    Level teaspoon salt
    275 g  Sugar
      4 dl Cognac
      1    1/2 level teaspoons vanilla
           -essence (extract, I think)
 
  Separate the eggs and beat the yolks with the salt and the sugar,
  until the mixture is thick and creamy. Beat in the cognac, very
  slowly and put the mixture into a double saucepan. Heat gently,
  whisking all the time until the advocaat is warm (not hot) and thick.
  Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the vanilla essence. Pour
  into a jug. Advocaat is served in a glass and eaten with a teaspoon.
  It can also be topped with whipped cream.
  
  Also, might I add, that advocaat is nothing like the eggnog here in
  America...it is thick and creamy---not foamy at all. Boy, is Advocaat
  delicious!
  
  (I usually get a bottle of it from the Dutch-America store and skip
  the above...:)
  
  This delicious Dutch drink is actually eaten with a spoon!
  
  One more from FROM HOLLAND WITH LOVE...the Dutch National
  drink!!<<GRIN>>
  
  Food & Wine RT [*] Category 6, Topic 33 Message 6 Mon Jan 04, 1993
  J.BOLLER [Jacquie]           at 21:29 EST
  
  MM by QBTOMM and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  GT Cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADVOCAAT TORTE
 Categories: Cakes, Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     80 g  Butter or Margarine
     80 g  Sugar
      1    Vanilla Sugar
      6    Egg Yolks
    200 g  Ground Almonds
      1 ts Baking Powder
    100 g  Half-Bitter Baking Chocolate
      1 tb Rum
      1 tb Brandy
      6    Whites of Eggs
    1/2 l  Whipping Cream
    100 g  Egg Liquer
    100 g  Chocolate Crumbs
 
  Cream butter or margarine. Add sugar and vanilla sugar little at a
  time. Mix in egg-yolks. Mix almonds with baking powder and stir
  together with the chocolate into the dough. Add rum and brandy. Beat
  the egg-whites until stiff and stir carefully into the dough.
  
  Fill the dough into a round baking-form covered with baking-paper
  (paper that prevents sticking). Bake it in a preheated oven for about
  60 minutes at 175C
  
  Let it cool down (or out?).
  
  Whip cream until stiff and put onto the cooled cake. Pour egg liquer
  over it.
  
  Decorate the torte with some cream and sprinkel it with the chocolate
  crumbs.
  
  Cal altogether : 5539 (bet those are Kcal!) carbon hydrates: 287 g
  fat/ protein   : 429 / 103 g
  
  The original recipe called for 2 envelopes of cream hardener. That
  stuff helps to get the cream get hard more quickly and staying so
  longer. Unfortunately I don't know what it consists of.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADVOKAAT
 Categories: Drinks, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      2 tb Vanilla sugar
      2 c  Milk
      9    Egg yolks
  1 1/2 c  Grain alcohol
           -(95-percent)
 
  Mix sugars.  Boil milk with half of sugars for two minutes. Let it
  cool down. (For the milk it is easiest to use a pot which can later
  be used with a mixer.)
  
  Mix well (mixer at high speed) the yolks with the other half of the
  sugars. Using mixer add to milk. Then (still using mixer) add alcohol
  slowly. (The result is quite fluid, sweet and strong.)  Bottle and
  let rest for two weeks to let the mixture thicken.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Egg-cognac:  a potent sweet alcoholic beverage -- Advokaat is the
  Dutch word for egg cognac.  It is highly recommended for A. I.
  (Alcohol Imbibing) meetings. This recipe is my modification of a
  recipe I obtained in Poland. It makes a potent, superb advokaat (or
  egg-cognac). The milk and eggs are healthy, the sugar and alcohol are
  not. Yield: Serves 4-8.
  
  *  This advokaat can be drunk or, better yet, eaten with a spoon; it
  is quite thick.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  5 minutes preparation, 2 weeks aging.
  : Precision:  Measure the ingredients.
  
  : Laurent Siklossy
  : Vrije Universiteit, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
  : siklossy@cs.vu.nl
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ADZUKI BEAN STEW
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 oz Adzuki beans
           - soaked overnight
      2 oz Margarine
      1    Onion; chopped
      2    Garlic cloves; crushed
      1 lb Leeks; trimmed,
           - washed well & sliced
      1    Carrot; diced
      8 oz Mushrooms; wiped & sliced
      1 tb Hungarian paprika, sweet
      1 pn Cayenne pepper; to taste
      2 tb Wholewheat flour
    1/2 pt Vegetable stock
      1 tb Soy sauce
      1 tb Tomato paste
      1 lb Chopped tomatoes
           Salt & pepper; to taste
           Parsley; chopped, to garnish

MMMMM-------------------------DUMPLINGS------------------------------
      4 oz Wholewheat flour
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 oz Margarine
      3 tb Parsley, half if using dried
      3 fl Water (or milk if preferred)
           -OR- less, as needed
 
  Drain the beans & cover with fresh water.  Bring to a boil & simmer
  till tender, about 35 minutes.  Drain, reserving the liquid. Heat
  margarine in a large pot. Add the onion & cook until transparent. Add
  the garlic, leeks, carrot & mushrooms & cook gently for 4 to 5
  minutes. Stir in the paprika, pepper & flour. Add stock, soy sauce,
  tomato paste, tomatoes & salt & pepper.  Bring to a boil, cover &
  simmer gently for 10 minutes. Stir in the beans & bring back to a
  boil. Add the dumplings. Cover with a tight fitting lid & simmer for
  20-25 minutes very gently to prevent burning. Sprinkle generously
  with parsley before serving. FOR DUMPLINGS: Put the flour & salt into
  a bowl. Rub in margarine till it resembles fine breadcrumbs. Stir in
  parsley.  Add just enough liquid to make a firm dough. Divide into 8
  pieces & shape into dumplings. Serves 4 to 6.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AE MONO (SPINACH WITH SESAME DRESSING)
 Categories: Japanese, Salads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lb Fresh spinach, stemmed
    1/3 c  Toasted sesame seeds
    1/4 c  Japanese soy sauce
      1 tb Mirin or dry sherry
      2 ts Sugar
      8    Fresh flowers, Opp. garnish
 
  Bring large pot of salted water to boil over high heat. Add spinach
  and cook 5 minutes. Drain in colander; rinse under cold running
  water. Gently squeeze dry with hands. Divide spinach evenly amoung 8
  salad plates.
  
  Light crush sesame seeds using mortar and pestle. Transfer to small
  bowl. Add soy sauce, mirin, and sugar and blend until smooth. Spoon
  over spinach. Serve at room temperature or chilled. Garnish each with
  a flower.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AEBLESKIVER
 Categories: Ethnic, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Buttermilk
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Soda
      3    Eggs
      2 ts Sugar
      1 ts Baking powder
 
  Applesauce
  
  Beat egg yolks. Add sugar, salt and buttermilk; then flour, soda and
  baking powder which have been sifted together. Last, fold in stiffly
  beaten egg whites. Place small amount of fat in each cup of the
  aebleskiver pan and fill 2/3 full of dough. Place a small teaspoon of
  apple sauce on top of dough, then barely cover apple sauce with a few
  drops of dough. Cook until bubbly, turn carefully with fork and
  finish baking on other side. Serve with butter and maple syrup or
  jam. NOTE: AVOID spilling apple sauce in cups, as this will cause the
  aebleskiver to stick.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AEBLESKIVER (DANISH PANCAKE BALLS)
 Categories: Danish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 c  Flour
      6 tb Sugar
  1 1/4 ts Salt -- optional
      8 ts Baking powder
      8    Eggs -- (separated)
  1 1/2 c  Cream
      2 c  Milk
 
  Sift together the flour, sugar , salt and baking powder (set aside).
  
  In a mixing bowl beat the egg yolks well, then add the cream and
  milk. Mix into this the dry ingredients that have been sifted
  together.
  
  Beat egg whites till stiff, and carefully fold into batter.
  
  In hot Aebleskiver pan put 1 1/2 tsp. oil in each cup. Then spoon or
  pour in batter just to the top of each cup. Bake (fry) until
  delicately brown underneath, loosen around edges with fork, quickly
  turn and brown other side.  Use cake tester to determine when done.
  Be careful not to get your pan too hot as the aebleskiver burn easily.
  
  Serve dipped in sugar or syrup, or good quality jam or jelly.
  
  Makes about 50.  Recipe can be easily halved.
  
  NOTES : The basic recipe came from the "Danish Favorites" cookbook,
  Fredsville Lutheran Church, Grundy County Iowa. -- Recipe By
  :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AEBLESKIVER NO APPLES
 Categories: Pasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Milk
      3    Eggs, separated
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Salt
      4 ts Baking power
      1 tb Sugar
           Vegetable oil
 
  Combine milk and egg yolks.  Sift together dry ingredients and add to
  milk/egg mixutre.  Beat egg whites until stiff and fold into mixture.
  Heat aebleskiver pan and put about 1 tsp oil in each cup of the pan.
  when very hot, pour enough batter in each cup to almost fill it. Use
  knitting needle (or any pointed tool) to turn aebleskivers. Keep
  turning them until golden brown.  Add shortening as needed for each
  new batch. Makes about 3 dozen.
  
  This recipe was a huge hit at my summer beach house -- we had it every
  Saturday!  We top them with powdered sugar, fresh berries, and whipped
  cream.
  
  Good luck finding the pans -- mine was a gift.  I later found one
  more at a discount cooking store at the shore. However, this year I
  searched the shore and the Washington area and have yet to find
  another. The store managers of the discount places say they never
  know what they are going to get.   Since my first one came from some
  catalogue (they don't even sell them anymore!) you might try calling
  a very high end cookware store and seeing if they can order you one.
  The pans are cast-iron, so you'd need a distributor of cast-iron
  cookware. (Hmm -- you could also check the manufacturer of whatever
  is in the stores and call the company directly.) Let me know if you
  have any success.
  
  By the way -- I started making these because my husband is Dutch, and
  Holland considers aebleskivers ~- which they call "Poffritches" -- a
  great delicacy!
  
  Joyce D
  
  From: joyced@aol.com (JoyceD) on rec.food.cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AEBLESKIVERS
 Categories: Pastry, Danish
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      3    Egg; separated
      2 c  Buttermilk
      1 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  Flour
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Cardamom
 
  Beat yolks of eggs with buttermilk.
  
  Mix together sugar, salt, flour, baking powder, baking soda, and
  cardamom.
  
  Beat egg whites until stiff.
  
  Mix egg yolk-buttermilk mixture with dry ingredients. Add egg whites,
  carefully folding them in so that they don't break down.
  
  Heat aebleskive pan. Put 1 tsp salad oil in each hole and fill
  completely with batter. Let bake until slightly crusty on bottom.
  Turn slightly with a knitting needle or skewer. Continue cooking,
  turning the ball to keep it from burning, until the knitting needle
  comes out clean when stuck in the center.
  
  Serve aebleskive hot with powdered sugar, jam, and jelly.
  
  Notes included with recipe: For those of you who are unfamiliar with
  aebleskive, it is a baked delight made with a pancake-like batter,
  cooked in a special pan that turns the aebleskive into a crusty ball,
  and is known as the "Danish Doughnut." As you can tell, it is a
  little difficult to give aebleskive an easy definition other than to
  tell you that it is good enough to go ahead and order the pans if you
  are likely to serve breakfasts and brunches to family and friends.
  
  Aebleskive pans are available through most gourmet cookware shops or
  can be ordered from Pea Soup Andersen's Santa Ynez Valley Wine Center,
  (805)-688-5581.
  
  Source: Pea Soup Andersen's Scandinavian-American Cookbook
  :       by Chef Ulrich Riedner.  ISBN# 0-89087-523-5.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AEGEAN ARTICHOKE & PENNE PASTA SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Pasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        6    fresh baby artichokes
      1/4 c  lemon juice
      1/2 lb penne pasta
      1/2 c  tomato juice
        2 TB olive oil
  :          Juice of one lemon
        2    cloves garlic  -- minced
        3 TB fresh parsley
        3 TB fresh basil  -- or 1 tsp.
  :          dried
      1/2 ts salt
      1/4 ts black pepper
      1/2 c  fresh tomato  -- chopped
      1/2 c  olives  -- Kalamata
        2 TB capers
      1/2 c  feta cheese  -- optional
  
  1.  Cut stems off artichokes.  Peel off tough outer leaves to reveal
  yellow-green hearts.  Cut artichokes into quarters. Combine 1/4 cup
  lemon juice with 2 cups water in a medium bowl. Add artichokes to
  lemon water and toss to prevent discoloration.  Drain. Steam
  artichokes until tender, about 20 minutes. chill. 2. In a large pot,
  bring 2 quarts water to a rapid boil. Add 1 teaspoon salt and penne.
  Cook penne until al dente, about 10 minutes.  Drain and rinse with
  cold water. 3. To make salad dressing: combine tomato juice, olive
  oil, lemon juice, garlic, parsley, basil, salt and pepper in a food
  processor or blender and puree for 30 seconds. 4. Toss together
  artichokes, penne, capers, olives and feta cheese in a large bowl
  salad bowl.  Pour dressing over and toss well.
  
  Recipe By     : dartji@gdss.grumman.com (Jim Dart !!!)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AEGEAN SEA CHOWDER (PSAROSOUPA KAKAVIA)
 Categories: Soups/stews, Greek, Seafood
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Karen Mintzias
      1 lb White fish
           -- cut into 2-inch pieces
    1/2 lb Clams (if desired)
    1/2 lb Crab  (if desired)
    1/2 lb Lobster  (if desired)
    1/2 lb Scallops  (if desired)
    1/2 lb Mussels  (if desired)
    1/2 lb Shrimp  (if desired)
    1/2 lb Baby octopus  (optional)
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      3    Onions; chopped
      2    Garlic cloves; pressed
      2 lb Canned peeled tomatoes
           -- including liquid
      1 c  Chopped mushrooms
      4    Celery stalks; chopped
      2 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Cayenne pepper
      1    Bay leaf
    1/2 c  Wine, red preferably
      4 c  -Water
 
  Prepare fish and shellfish by cleaning and cutting into bite-size
  pieces. Heat oil in a large pot.  Fry onions and garlic on medium
  heat for 5 minutes.  Add remaining ingredients, except seafood and
  bring to a boil. Reduce heat and cover.  Cook one hour.
  
  Add fish and octopus, and cook 20 minutes.  Add shellfish and simmer 5
  minutes more.  Serve hot with crusty bread and crisp salad.
  
  Source: The Complete Greek Cookbook - by Theresa Karas Yianilos
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AELPLERMAGRONEN (THE ALPINE FARMER'S MACARONI
 Categories: Swedish, Sauces, Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    200 g  Potatoes (7 oz)
      3 x  Onions
     40 g  Butter (1.5 oz)
    1/2 x  Clove garlic, mashed
      3 dl Whipping cream
    400 g  Macaroni, cooked (14 oz)
           Salt, freshly ground pepper
     40 g  Gruyere cheese (1.5 oz)
     25 g  'Vacherin de Fribourg'-
           - cheese (1 oz)

MMMMM------------------------APPLE SAUCE-----------------------------
      1 kg Cooking apples (2 lbs 4 oz)
      1 x  Clove vanilla bean, slit
           -open
    120 g  Granulated sugar (4.25 oz)
      1 x  Stick cinnamon
      1 dl Water
      1 x  Lemon juice (optional)
 
  Macaroni&Potatoes:
  
  Boil the potatoes in their skin. Let cool.
  
  Peel onions and cut into thin slices. In a large frying pan heat the
  butter and saute' the onions until a light brown. Moisten with cream,
  add the garlic and bring to boil. Stir in the (cooked) macaroni,
  slice the potatoes and stir into pan. Reheat. Grate the cheese and
  stir in.
  
  Apple sauce:
  
  Peel and core apples. Cut into small pieces. In a saucepan bring
  water and sugar to a boil. Add the apples and the spices. Cook until
  tender, remove the spices, liquidise. Return to saucepan, bring to a
  simmer and let the liquid evaporate somewhat. Correct seasoning with
  a few drops lemon juice and sugar as necessary.
  
  Serving:
  
  Arrange the macaroni&potatoes mixture in the centre of each (heated)
  plate, pour the sauce all round, sprinkle with some grated cheese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AELPLERMAGRONEN (THE ALPINE FARMER'S MACARONI
 Categories: Sweden, Sauce/gravy, Pastas
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      7 oz Potatoes
      3 ea Onions
  1 1/2 oz Butter, unsalted
    1/2 ea Garlic cloves; mashed
  1 1/4 c  Whipping cream
     14 oz Macaroni; cooked
           Salt, freshly ground pepper
  1 1/2 oz Gruyere cheese
      1 oz 'Vacherin de Fribourg'-
           - cheese

MMMMM------------------------APPLE SAUCE-----------------------------
  2 1/4 lb Cooking apples
           Clove vanilla bean, slit
           -open
  4 1/4 oz Sugar, granulated
           Stick cinnamon
    1/8 qt Water
           Lemon juice (optional)
 
  Macaroni&Potatoes:
  
  Boil the potatoes in their skin. Let cool.
  
  Peel onions and cut into thin slices. In a large frying pan heat the
  butter and saute' the onions until a light brown. Moisten with cream,
  add the garlic and bring to boil. Stir in the (cooked) macaroni,
  slice the potatoes and stir into pan. Reheat. Grate the cheese and
  stir in.
  
  Apple sauce:
  
  Peel and core apples. Cut into small pieces. In a saucepan bring
  water and sugar to a boil. Add the apples and the spices. Cook until
  tender, remove the spices, liquidise. Return to saucepan, bring to a
  simmer and let the liquid evaporate somewhat. Correct seasoning with
  a few drops lemon juice and sugar as necessary.
  
  Serving:
  
  Arrange the macaroni&potatoes mixture in the centre of each (heated)
  plate, pour the sauce all round, sprinkle with some grated cheese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AELPLERMAGRONEN (THE ALPINE FARMER'S MACARONI
 Categories: Extras, Pastas, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    200 g  Potatoes (7 oz)
      3 x  Onions
     40 g  Butter (1.5 oz)
    1/2 x  Clove garlic, mashed
      3 dl Whipping cream
    400 g  Macaroni, cooked (14 oz)
           Salt, freshly ground pepper
     40 g  Gruyere cheese (1.5 oz)
     25 g  'Vacherin de Fribourg'-
           - cheese (1 oz)

MMMMM------------------------APPLE SAUCE-----------------------------
      1 kg Cooking apples (2 lbs 4 oz)
           Clove vanilla bean, slit
           -open
    120 g  Granulated sugar (4.25 oz)
           Stick cinnamon
      1 dl Water
           Lemon juice (optional)
 
  Macaroni&Potatoes:
  
  Boil the potatoes in their skin. Let cool.
  
  Peel onions and cut into thin slices. In a large frying pan heat the
  butter and saute' the onions until a light brown. Moisten with cream,
  add the garlic and bring to boil. Stir in the (cooked) macaroni,
  slice the potatoes and stir into pan. Reheat. Grate the cheese and
  stir in.
  
  Apple sauce:
  
  Peel and core apples. Cut into small pieces. In a saucepan bring
  water and sugar to a boil. Add the apples and the spices. Cook until
  tender, remove the spices, liquidise. Return to saucepan, bring to a
  simmer and let the liquid evaporate somewhat. Correct seasoning with
  a few drops lemon juice and sugar as necessary.
  
  Serving:
  
  Arrange the macaroni&potatoes mixture in the centre of each (heated)
  plate, pour the sauce all round, sprinkle with some grated cheese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AEPFELKRATZET (APPLE SCRAMBLE)
 Categories: German
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    250 g  Flour (2 cups plus 3 1/2
           -Tbsp)
      3    To 4 eggs
    3/8 l  Milk (1 1/2 cups plus 1 1/2
           -Tbsp)
      1 ds Salt
           Sugar to taste
      3    Apples, peeled, cored, and
           -sliced
    100 g  Butter (7 Tbsp)
           Sugar for dusting
 
  From the Allgaeu area.
  
  Combine the flour, eggs, milk, and a bit of sugar and salt, and stir
  into a smooth dough.  In a skillet, melt the butter and lightly saute
  the apples. Pour the dough over the apples. Constantly stirring the
  whole with an egg turner, cook until the 'Kratzet' has browned all
  around. Dust with sugar, and serve.
  
  Serves 4.
  
  From:  D'SCHWAEBISCH' KUCHE' by Aegidius Kolb and Leonhard Lidel,
  Allgaeuer Zeitungsverlag, Kempten. 1976. (Translation/Conversion:
  Karin Brewer) Posted by: Karin Brewer, Cooking Echo, 9/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFELIA (BRAISED PORK WITH CORIANDER)
 Categories: Pork, Ethnic
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           Karen Mintzias
    750 g  Pork fillet, leg or loin
    1/4 c  Butter
    500 g  New potatoes; peeled
    250 g  Small mushrooms
      1 c  Red wine
           Salt
           Freshly ground black pepper
      2 ts Crushed coriander seeds
 
  Cut pork into approximately 3 cm (1-1/4 inch) pieces leaving some fat
  on meat as this is desirable.
  
  Heat half the butter in a heavy based pan and brown potatoes. Remove
  and keep aside.
  
  Add remaining butter and brown pork on each side, push to side of pan.
  
  Trim and clean mushrooms and fry quickly in pan next to meat. Stir to
  combine.  Reduce heat to low.
  
  Pour in wine, add salt and pepper to taste and place potatoes on top.
  
  Sprinkle with coriander seeds, cover pan with lid and simmer over low
  heat for 45 minutes or until pork and potatoes are tender.
  
  Serve with a tossed green salad.
  
  * Source: The Complete Middle East Cookbook, by Tess Mallos * Typed
  for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFFITINITY  CAKE
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Butter
      2 c  Brown sugar
      3    Eggs
      1 c  Milk
  2 1/2 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Chopped nuts
 
  Do not mix above ingredients separately, put into bowl and beat all
  together 10 minutes.  Bake in a slow over (325 degrees) for 50
  minutes.
  
  Tampa, Florida
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFGHAN CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
      2 lg Cloves garlic
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  Plain, whole-milk yogurt
           Juice and pulp of 1 large
           -lemon, 3 to 4 tablespoons
    1/2 ts Cracked black pepper
      2 lg Whole chicken breasts, about
           -2 pounds
 
  Long, slow marinating in garlicky yogurt tenderizes, moistens and
  adds deep flavor, so you end up with skinless grilled chicken that's
  as delicious as it is nutritionally correct. Serve with soft pita or
  Arab flatbread and fresh yogurt.
  
  Put the salt in a wide, shallow non-reactive bowl with the garlic and
  mash them together until you have paste. Add yogurt, lemon and pepper.
  
  Skin the chicken breasts, remove all visible fat and separate the
  halves. Bend each backward to break the bones so the pieces win lie
  flat. Add to the yogurt and turn so all surfaces are well-coated.
  
  Cover the bowl tightly and refrigerate. Allow to marinate at least
  overnight, up to a day and a half. Turn when you think of it.
  
  To cook, remove breasts from marinade and wipe off all but a thin
  film. Broil or grill about 6 inches from the heat for 6 to 8 minutes
  a side, or until thoroughly cooked. Meat will brown somewhat but
  should not char. Serve at once.
  
  From the San Francisco Examiner, 6/2/93.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFGHAN KOFTA ( MEATBALLS )
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        1 lb Ground beef
        1    Onion finely minced
        1    Green pepper finely minced
        1 ts Clove garlic finely minced
      1/2 ts Ground coriander seed Salt and pepper to taste
  
  Knead together the beef, onion, pepper, garlic and salt and pepper.
  Let stand 30 minutes to blend flavors. Form into 16 oval balls.
  String 4 on skewers alternating with a onion quarter, green pepper
  quarter and cherry tomato on each skewer.Grill about 5 minutes until
  browned, turn and grill other side. Served with spiced brown rice and
  a large piece of the flat Afghan bread.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFGHANI LAMB WITH SPINACH
 Categories: Afghan, Harned 1994, Main dish, Nuts, Veal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  2 1/2 lb Lamb stew meat
           -- preferably leg
    1/3 c  Olive oil
    3/4 lb Onions; diced large
      4 ts Chopped garlic
      2 ts Turmeric
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ground cardamom
      1 ts Crushed red pepper
           -- or to taste
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
     32 oz Can tomatoes; drain & chop
      1 c  Rich brown veal stock or
      1 c  Rich beef stock
    1/3 lb Fresh spinach; wash & drain
    1/2 c  Yogurt
      1 tb Grated lemon peel
           Salt; to taste
    1/4 c  Pine nuts*
 
  *Roasted at 350 F. for about 3 minutes.
  
  Sear lamb in the olive oil in a cast-iron skillet or Dutch oven. Add
  the onions; saute them for 2 minutes; then add the garlic and saute
  it for 1 minute.  Put in the turmeric, nutmeg, cardamom, crushed red
  pepper and cinnamon and saute the mixture for 1 to 2 minutes more,
  being careful not to burn the onions or garlic. Add the tomatoes and
  veal stock and stir.
  
  Cover the dish and bake at 350 F. for about 1 hour, until the meat is
  tender and begins to break up. Remove the dish from the oven and add
  the spinach, stirring until the spinach is wilted and blended in.
  Allow the stew to cool slightly.  Add the yogurt, lemon peel and salt
  to taste. Sprinkle with roasted pine nuts.
  
  Yield: 4 to 6 servings.  Serve over rice pilaf.
  
  From executive chef Phil Soroko of Someplace Special
  restaurant/McLean, VA. In _The New Carry-Out Cuisine_ by Phyllis
  Meras with Linda Glick Conway. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company,
  1986. Pg. 128. ISBN 0-395-42504-2. Typed for you by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN  CHOW  MEIN
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Ground beef
      1 c  Chopped onion
      2 c  Chopped celery
 
  Brown beef, onion & celery.
  
  1/4 c. wild rice 1/2 c. white rice 1 can mushrooms 2 tbsp. soy sauce
  1 can water chestnuts 1 can mushroom soup 1 can chicken rice soup 2
  tbsp. worcestershire sauce Salt & pepper Pour 1 1/2 cups boiling
  water over top.
   Bake at least 1 1/2 hour at 325 degr
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN CHICKEN WINGS
 Categories: Appetizers, Poultry
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           FOR THE WINGS-----
      4    Garlic cloves
      2    Shallots
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Chinese 5 spice
      2 ts Paprika
      1 ts Dried rosemary -- crumbled
    1/2 ts Cayenne -- or to taste
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      4 lb Chicken wings; about 20-24
           Tips removed
           FOR THE SAUCE-----
    1/3 c  Natural style peanut butter
    1/4 c  Canned cream of coconut --
           Well stirred
      2    Garlic cloves -- chopped
    1/4 c  Water
    1/4 c  Red bell pepper -- chopped
    1/8 ts Dried hot red pepper flakes
           Or to taste
      1 ts Soy sauce
           Coriander sprigs -- for
           If
           Desired
 
  THE WINGS: Prepare the chicken wings: Mince and mash the garlic and
  shallots to a paste with the salt. In a large bowl stir the paste
  together with the 5 spice powder, paprika, rosemary, cayenne, and the
  oil. Mix well. Add the chicken wings. Toss and stir them until they
  are completely covered with the marinade. Let them marinate, covered
  and chilled for 4 hours or over night. Arrange the wings, skin side
  up, on the rack of a foil lined large broiler pan and bake them in
  the upper third of a preheated 425F oven for 25 to 30 minutes or
  until they are golden. The wings may be prepared one day in advance,
  kept covered and chilled and then reheated before serving. THE SAUCE:
  In a blender, blend together the peanut butter, cream of coconut,
  garlic, water, bell pepper, red pepper flakes and the soy sauce until
  the mixture is smooth, season the sauce with salt, to taste. THE
  PRESENTATION: Transfer the sauce to a serving bowl set on a platter.
  Arrange the wings around the bowl and garnish the platter with the
  coriander.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN FISH CURRY POWDER
 Categories: Spice mix
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Dry red chiles
    1/2 lb Coriander seeds
      2 oz Cumin
      1 oz Turmeric
      1 oz Mustard seeds
 
  Curry powders are an important part of African cooking due to the
  heavy influence of Arabic and Indian cuisine in Africa. Curry powders
  are made from different proportions of spices, dried and ground.
  Spices can be dried in the sun for two to three days, in a low
  temperature oven, or on top of the stove in a dry skillet. If using a
  skillet be sure to shake the spices constantly so they don't burn.
  Grinding is usually done with a mortar and pestle.  Curry powders are
  not necessarily hot, they are made that way by the addition of chili
  peppers.
  
  Dry spices, grind to a powder and seal in an airtight container. Use 2
  teaspoons of curry powder to every
      400 g  or 1 lb of fish.
  
  Recipe By     : Mrarchway@aol.com
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN GREEN PEPPER & SPINACH
 Categories: Vegetables, African
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 md Onion; chopped
      1 md Green pepper; chopped
      1 tb Oil
      1 md Tomato; chopped
      1 lb Fresh spinach; stems removed
    3/4 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Pepper
    1/4 c  Peanut butter
 
  Cook and stir onion and green pepper in oil in 3-quart saucepan until
  onion is tender. Add tomato and spinach. Cover and simmer until
  spinach is tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in salt, pepper and peanut
  butter. Heat just until hot.
  
  BETTY CROCKER REGIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL RECIPES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN GREEN PEPPER & SPINACH
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 md Onion; chopped
      1 md Green pepper; chopped
      1 tb Oil
      1 md Tomato; chopped
      1 lb Fresh spinach; stems removed
    3/4 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Pepper
    1/4 c  Peanut butter
 
  Cook and stir onion and green pepper in oil in 3-quart saucepan until
  onion is tender. Add tomato and spinach. Cover and simmer until
  spinach is tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in salt, pepper and peanut
  butter. Heat just until hot.
  
  BETTY CROCKER REGIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL RECIPES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN MALAYAN CURRY POWDER (FOR MEAT & FI
 Categories: Spice mix
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Cumin
    1/2 lb Fennel
    1/4 lb Dry red chiles
      1 sm Piece cinnamon
      8    Cloves
      1 tb Peppercorns
 
  Curry powders are an important part of African cooking due to the
  heavy influence of Arabic and Indian cuisine in Africa. Curry powders
  are made from different proportions of spices, dried and ground.
  Spices can be dried in the sun for two to three days, in a low
  temperature oven, or on top of the stove in a dry skillet. If using a
  skillet be sure to shake the spices constantly so they don't burn.
  Grinding is usually done with a mortar and pestle.  Curry powders are
  not necessarily hot, they are made that way by the addition of chili
  peppers.
  
  Dry spices, grind to a powder and seal in an airtight container. Use 2
  teaspoons of curry powder to every
      400 g  or 1 lb of fish.
  
  Recipe By     : Mrarchway@aol.com
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN MALAYAN CURRY POWDER (FOR MEAT & FISH
 Categories: Herb/spices, Mixes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Cumin
    1/2 lb Fennel
    1/4 lb Dry red chiles
      1 sm Piece cinnamon
      8    Cloves
      1 tb Peppercorns
 
  Curry powders are an important part of African cooking due to the
  heavy influence of Arabic and Indian cuisine in Africa. Curry powders
  are made from different proportions of spices, dried and ground.
  Spices can be dried in the sun for two to three days, in a low
  temperature oven, or on top of the stove in a dry skillet. If using a
  skillet be sure to shake the spices constantly so they don't burn.
  Grinding is usually done with a mortar and pestle.  Curry powders are
  not necessarily hot, they are made that way by the addition of chili
  peppers.
  
  Dry spices, grind to a powder and seal in an airtight container. Use 2
  teaspoons of curry powder to every 400 g  or 1 lb of fish.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN RIBS WITH PEANUT SAUCE
 Categories: Pork
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 1/2 lb Pork backrib
    1/4 c  Oil
      1 c  Onion -- minced
      3 c  Chicken broth
      1 tb Coriander seed -- finly
           Crushed
           Salt, pepper
           Chili oil
      1    6 1/2 ounce
      1    Eggplant -- cubed
           Juice 1/2 lemon
           Steamed carrots and green
           Beans
      2 ts Paprika
        cn Roasted shelled peanuts
 
  Broil ribs till brown. Heat 3 tbls oil in large pot. Saute onion and
  garlic until tender. Add chicken broth and coriander seeds. Season to
  taste with salt,pepper, chili oil. bring to boil. Add ribs, then
  simmer covered, 1 hour or until ribs are tender.
  
  Place peanuts in blender with remaining 1 tbls oil. Blend until finely
  ground. Add toribs along with eggplant, lemon juice and paprika.
  Simmer until eggplant in tender stirring occasionally. Adjust salt
  and pepper to taste. Add green beans and carrots before serving or
  serve vegetables alongside with stew.
  
  Note: 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter may be substituted for roasted
  peanuts. Stir into sauce after eggplant is cooked.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN SPECIAL CURRY POWDER
 Categories: Spice mix
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Coriander
    1/4 lb Cumin
    1/2 lb Fenugreek
      2 oz Mustard seeds
    1/4 lb Poppy seed
    1/4 lb Bay leaves
      2 tb Cardamom
      2 tb Cloves
      2 tb Peppercorns
 
  Curry powders are an important part of African cooking due to the
  heavy influence of Arabic and Indian cuisine in Africa. Curry powders
  are made from different proportions of spices, dried and ground.
  Spices can be dried in the sun for two to three days, in a low
  temperature oven, or on top of the stove in a dry skillet. If using a
  skillet be sure to shake the spices constantly so they don't burn.
  Grinding is usually done with a mortar and pestle.  Curry powders are
  not necessarily hot, they are made that way by the addition of chili
  peppers.
  
  Brown the spices in a hot oven until crisp.  Grind and seal in an
  airtight container until used.  Add 1 teas. powdered turmeric, and
  chili powder to taste for every teas. of your special curry powder.
  
  Recipe By     : Mrarchway@aol.com
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN SPINACH & PEANUT BUTTER STEW
 Categories: African, Ethnic, Stews, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2    Onions
      2    Tomatoes (peeled or tinned)
      2 lb Spinach
      4 tb Peanut butter (not sweet!)
           Salt
           Pepper
           Oil for frying
 
  Slice the onions and fry in oil until soft.  Peel the tomatoes in
  boiling water (or use tinned tomatoes). Slice and add to the onions.
  
  Wash, trim and chop the spinach coarsely.  Add to the stew and cook,
  covered, over a medium heat for 5 minutes, stirring to prevent
  sticking.
  
  Thin the peanut butter with hot water to make a smooth paste. Add to
  the stew.  Season with salt and pepper and cook for another 5 - 10
  minutes, stirring and adding water if necessary to prevent sticking.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN SQUASH & YAMS (FUTARI)
 Categories: Vegetables, African
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 sm Onion; chopped
      2 tb Oil
      1 lb Hubbard squash; pared
           --and cut into 1-inch pieces
      2 md Yams or sweet potatoes
           --pared & cut into 1" pieces
      1 c  Coconut Milk
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground cloves
 
  Cook and stir onion in oil in 10-inch skillet over medium heat until
  tender. Stir in remaining ingredients. Heat to boiling. Reduce heat.
  Cover and simmer 10 minutes. Simmer, uncovered, stirring
  occasionally, until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes longer.
  
  Makes 6 to 8 servings
  
  BETTY CROCKER REGIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL RECIPES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN SQUASH & YAMS (FUTARI)
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 sm Onion; chopped
      2 tb Oil
      1 lb Hubbard squash; pared
           --and cut into 1-inch pieces
      2 md Yams or sweet potatoes
           --pared & cut into 1" pieces
      1 c  Coconut Milk
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground cloves
 
  Cook and stir onion in oil in 10-inch skillet over medium heat until
  tender. Stir in remaining ingredients. Heat to boiling. Reduce heat.
  Cover and simmer 10 minutes. Simmer, uncovered, stirring
  occasionally, until vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes longer.
  
  Makes 6 to 8 servings
  
  BETTY CROCKER REGIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL RECIPES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN STEW CURRY POWDER
 Categories: Spice mix
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 oz Cumin
      3 oz Black pepper
      1 oz Turmeric
      1 oz Cloves
      1 oz Cinnamon
 
  Curry powders are an important part of African cooking due to the
  heavy influence of Arabic and Indian cuisine in Africa. Curry powders
  are made from different proportions of spices, dried and ground.
  Spices can be dried in the sun for two to three days, in a low
  temperature oven, or on top of the stove in a dry skillet. If using a
  skillet be sure to shake the spices constantly so they don't burn.
  Grinding is usually done with a mortar and pestle.  Curry powders are
  not necessarily hot, they are made that way by the addition of chili
  peppers.
  
  Dry spices, grind to a powder and bottle in an airtight jar. Use 2
  teas. powder or as much as is required for 400 g or 1 lb stew meat.
  Coconut milk (see below) can be used in this curry.
  
  Recipe By     : Mrarchway@aol.com
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN STYLE VEGETABLES IN COCONUT MILK
 Categories: Side dish, African, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Ghee -=OR=- vegetable oil
      3 ea Whole cloves
      1 lg Onion, chopped
      2 ea Garlic cloves, crushed
      1 c  Potatoes, cubed
      2 c  Carrots, diced
      2 c  Green beans, chopped
    1/2 tb Berbere
    1/2 tb Hungarian paprika
    1/2 c  Coconut milk
           Salt & pepper
           Cilantro, chopped
 
  Heat ghee or vegetable oil with the whole cloves over low heat. When
  hot, add the onions & garlic & saute, stirring occasionally, for a
  few moments. Add the carrots & potatoes & continue to saute for 5
  minutes, stir to prevent sticking.  Add the green beans & saute for
  just a few more minutes. Slowly stir in the coconut milk.  Use only
  as much as you need to create a thick sauce: the vegetables should
  not be swimming in milk. Carefully bring to a boil, reduce heat &
  simmer until the vegetables are cooked, 15 to 20 minutes.  Stir
  occasionally otherwise the milk & vegetables will burn. Garnish with
  cilantro. Serve with an Ethiopian Lentil stew or with an Indian dal
  to mix cuisines, & bread. If you prefer the vegetables to be hotter,
  add more berbere. It is best if this dish is made ahead of time &
  then left to let the flavours marry. In place of cilantro, use fresh
  parsley.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN TOMATO-AVOCADO-BUTTERMILK SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 lb Tomatoes, peeled and seeded
      2 tb Tomato paste
      1 c  Buttermilk
      1 tb Olive oil
      1    Avocado, mashed to a puree
           Juice of 1 lemon
      2 tb Finely minced fresh parsley
           Salt and pepper to taste
           Hot pepper sauce
           Garnish:
      1    Cucumber, peeled, seeded,
           -and diced
 
  sour cream, plain yogurt, or creme fraiche
  
  Puree tomatoes in a food processor or food mill, then press through a
  sieve to remove seeds.  In a large mixing bowl, beat the pureed
  tomatoes, tomato paste, buttermilk, and oil. Toss pureed avocado with
  1 tablespoon lemon juice to hold the color. Add the avocado,
  remaining lemon juice, and parsley to the tomato mixture; stir to mix
  well. Season to taste with salt and pepper, and a generous number of
  drops of hot pepper sauce. Refrigerate several hours before serving.
  
  At serving time, taste soup for seasonings.  Ladle into individual
  bowl and have guest garnish their portions with cucumber and sour
  cream. Pass hot pepper sauce around to add more piquancy.
  
  Makes 8 to 10 servings.
  
  From:  CLASSIC COLD CUISINE by Karen Green, Jeremy P. Tarcher, Inc.,
  Los Angeles.  1984.  ISBN 0-87477-322-9 Posted by: Karin Brewer,
  Cooking Echo, 8/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN VEGETABLE CURRY
 Categories: Spice mix
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Coriander
      1 c  Dry red chiles
    1/4 c  Turmeric
      1 ts Black pepper
      1 ts Cumin
      1 ts Mustard seeds
      2 ts Bengal gram dhal
      1 ts Black gram dhal
      1 ts Green gram dhal
      1 ts Fenugreek
 
  Curry powders are an important part of African cooking due to the
  heavy influence of Arabic and Indian cuisine in Africa. Curry powders
  are made from different proportions of spices, dried and ground.
  Spices can be dried in the sun for two to three days, in a low
  temperature oven, or on top of the stove in a dry skillet. If using a
  skillet be sure to shake the spices constantly so they don't burn.
  Grinding is usually done with a mortar and pestle.  Curry powders are
  not necessarily hot, they are made that way by the addition of chili
  peppers.
  
  Dry spices, grind to a powder and bottle in a airtight container. Use
  2 teas. to every 200 g or 1/2 lb vegetable.
  
  Recipe By     : Mrarchway@aol.com
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN VEGETABLE STEW
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Onion (very large),
           -chopped
      1    Swiss chard bunch
      1 cn Garbanzo beans
           -(known also as chick
           -peas, ceci, etc.)
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Rice, raw
      2    Yams
           Several fresh tomatoes
           -(or large can)
      1    Garlic clove
           -(or more to taste)
           Salt and pepper,
           -to taste
           Tabasco sauce,
           -to taste
 
  Fry onion, garlic and white stems of chard until barely limp. Add
  chopped greens and fry a bit.
  
  Either peel the yams or scrub them well with a vegetable brush, then
  slice them into thick slices. Add garbanzos, raisins, yams, tomatoes,
  salt and pepper.  Cook a couple of minutes.
  
  Make a well in the center of the mixture in the pot. Put the rice in
  the well and pat it down until it's wet. Cover and cook until rice is
  done, about 25 minutes. Add Tabasco sauce to taste.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  A spicy vegetable stew -- I got this recipe from my mom, who got
  it from a friend. It's very easy to make.
  
  *  I find that the flavors of the vegetables don't stand out unless
  you put in a lot of tabasco. But then, I've got a cast-iron tongue.
  You should add enough to make the stew seem spicy to you.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  15 minutes preparation, 30 minutes cooking.
  : Precision:  no need to measure.
  
  : Jeff Lichtman at rtech (Relational Technology, Inc.; Alameda,
  California) : Saints should always be judged guilty until they are
  proved innocent... :
  : {amdahl, sun}!rtech!jeff
  : {ucbvax, decvax}!mtxinu!rtech!jeff
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFRICAN VEGETARIAN STEW
 Categories: Vegetarian, Low-cal
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 sm Kohlrabies, peeled, chunks**
      1 lg Onion, chopped
      2    Sweet potatoes, peeled,chunk
      2    Zucchini, sliced thick
      5    Fresh tomatoes (16 oz can)
     15 oz Can garbanzo beans & liquid*
    1/2 c  Couscous or bulgar wheat
    1/4 c  Raisins
      1 ts Ground coriander
    1/2 ts Ground turmeric
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ground ginger
     14 ts Ground cumin
      3 c  Water
 
  ** Parsnips may be substituted for the kohlrabi.  * Chick-peas Serve
  the couscous separately, if desired.
  
  Combine all the ingredients in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil,
  lower the heat, and simmer until the vegetables are tender, about 30
  minutes.
  
  1/8 recipe - 241 calories, 2 bread, 2 vegetable exchanges 42 grams
  carbohydrate, 8 grams protein, 2 grams fat 22 mg sodium, 658 mg
  potassium, 0 cholesterol
  
  Source:  Am. Diabetes Assoc. Holiday Cookbook by Betty Wedman 1986
  Shared but not tested by Elizabeth Rodier, Nov 93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFTER  SCHOOL  BARS
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Crushed graham crackers
    3/4 c  Melted butter
  1 1/2 c  Brown sugar
    3/4 c  Milk
  1 1/2 c  Flaked coconut
           Keebler crackers to layer
           Bottom of pan
 
  Bring to a boil and simmer 4 to 8 minutes until it thickens (about
  ingredients). Set aside to cool about 5 minutes. Layer bottom of 9 x
  13 inch pan with Keebler Club crackers. Spread the above mixture over
  the Keebler Club crackers. Place another layer of crackers over the
  mixture.
  
  FROSTING:1/2 c. melted butter 2 tbsp. hot water 2 c. powdered sugar 1
  tsp. vanilla Store in cool place.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFTER DINNER MINT COOKIES
 Categories: Ghirardelli, Cookies
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
     10 oz Ghirardelli Mint Chocolate
           -Wafers
    3/4 c  Butter, softened
    2/3 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
    1/4 ts Salt
  1 1/3 c  Unsifted flour
    3/4 c  Finely chopped walnuts
 
  DIRECTIONS: Melt 5 oz of the Mint Wafers in a double boiler, stirring
  constantly or microwave on medium for about 3 minutes. Set aside.
  Cream butter with sugar, egg and salt. Mix in melted chocolate.
  Gradually add flour. Chill dough at least 1 hour. Shape dough into
  balls, using 1 level Tbsp for each cookie. Roll balls into nuts.
  Place on greased baking sheets. Flatten slightly with the palm of
  hand. Bake at 350-F for only 8 minutes. Remove from oven and place
  Mint Wafer on top of each cookie, pressing slightly. Continue baking
  3 5 minutes longer or until cookie is firm.
  
  Source: Recipes from Ghirardelli Chocolate Company of San Francisco
  
  From: Sallie Austin
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFTER HOLIDAY HAM BISCUITS
 Categories: Ham, Meats
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Whole wheat pastry flour,
      1 x  Or unbleached white flour
      4 ts Baking soda
    1/2 c  Cooked ham, diced fine
      4 tb Butter
    3/4 c  Milk, apple juice, or water
 
  Stir flour, baking soda, and ham together.  Cut in butter until
  crumbly. Add milk and quickly moisten. Roll out dough on floured
  board. Cut biscuits in round 2" shapes. Bake at 350 degrees, 12 to 15
  minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFTER-SCHOOL  MIX
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      9 c  Chex cereal (Wheat -- Rice
           And Corn)
      1 c  Semi-sweet chocolate pieces
           (chocolate chi
    1/2 c  Peanut butter
    1/4 c  (1/2 stick) margarine or
           Butter
    1/4 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 c  Powdered sugar
 
  Place cereal in large bowl; set aside.  In a 1-quart microwave-safe
  bowl, combine chocolate pieces, peanut butter and margarine.
  Microwave on high 1 to 1 1/2 minutes or until smooth, stirring after
  1 minute. Stir in vanilla. Pour over cereal, stirring until all
  pieces are evenly coated. Place cereal mixture and sugar in a large
  resealable plastic bag. Shake until all pieces are well coated.
  Spread on waxed paper to cool. Store in a resealable plastic bag or
  other airtight
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFTER-THE-HOLIDAYS  SALAD
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Diced cooked turkey
      1 c  Pineapple chunks -- well
           Drained
      1 c  Diced celery
    1/2 c  Sliced greed onions
    1/4 c  Dry roasted peanuts
      1 c  Seedless green peppers
    2/3 c  Mayonnaise
      2 tb Chopped chutney
      1 tb Lime juice
    1/2 ts Curry powder
    1/4 ts Salt
           Lettuce leaves -- optional
 
  In a mixing bowl, toss first six ingredients.  In a small bowl,
  combine all remaining ingredients except lettuce. Pour over turkey
  and mix gently. Chill. Serve on a bed of lettuce, if desired. Yields:
  4 servings.
  
  The fruit, nuts and seasonings give the salad a unique flavor.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFTERNOON TEA CAKES
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3 tb Unsweetened cocoa powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Hot water
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      3 tb Unsalted butter, melted
    1/3 c  Shredded coconut
      1 lg Egg
    1/2 c  Sour cream
           Glaze:
      1 tb Unsalted butter
      1 c  Sifted confectioner's sugar
      2 tb Water
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 oz Unsweetened chocolate
      1 ts Vanilla extract
 
  The light and moist cupcakes have a delicate cinnamon-scented
  chocolate glaze that's spread over them while they are still warm.
  
  1. Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat to 375
  degrees F. Line twelve 2 1/2-inch muffin cups with paper liners.
  
  2. Place cocoa in a small bowl and stir in 1/2 cup very hot tap water
  to dissolve.
  
  3. In a large bowl combine the melted butter and sugar; beat with an
  electric mixer until blended. Add the egg and beat until light, 1 to 2
  minutes. Add the cocoa mixture and beat until smooth. In a small bowl
  stir together the sour cream and baking soda. Stir this mixture into
  the butter-sugar mixture. Add the flour and vanilla; beat quickly,
  just until evenly blended. With a spoon stir in the coconut.
  
  Spoon the batter into the muffin cups, dividing it evenly among them;
  they will be about three-quarters full. Bake about 20 minutes, until
  the tops spring back when lightly touched and a toothpick inserted in
  the center comes out clean. Remove the tea cakes from the pan and
  cool slightly on a rack while you prepare the glaze.
  
  4. Spread about 2 teaspoons of the chocolate glaze on each of the
  warm tea cakes and let cool thoroughly.
  
  Chocolate Glaze:
  
  Makes 1/2 cup
  
  Drizzle this simple and tasty glaze over the afternoon tea cakes or
  over any cake that's been frosted with seven-minute caramel frosting.
  
  1. In a small saucepan combine the butter with 2 tablespoons water.
  Place over low heat, add the chocolate, and stir until the chocolate
  melts and the mixture thickens slightly; remove from the heat.
  
  2. In a small bowl combine the confectioner's sugar and cinnamon;
  stir in the chocolate mixture and the vanilla to make a smooth glaze.
  
  From: Jim Fobel's Old-Fashioned Baking Book.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFTERNOON TEA SANDWICHES (INFO)
 Categories: Showers, Weddings
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Info
 
  *  The sandwiches should be small enough to be eaten in two or three
  bites.
  
  *  Use fresh, close-textured white or brown bread, thinly sliced.
  
  *  Whipped butter at room temperature is easy to spread without
  tearing the bread.  Spread it thinly right to edges of bread.
  
  *  Sandwiches with fillings like ham, chopped egg, smoked salmon or
  anchovy paste can be made early in the day. Trim crusts within an
  hour or two of serving.
  
  *  Hold the sandwich firmly and trim crusts with a sharp knife. Cut
  into four triangles or three rectangles; cover with dampened tea
  towel and refrigerate.
  
  *  To serve a dozen or fewer guests, three varieties are sufficient.
  For larger occasions, provide about five varieties.
  
  Source: Canadian Living Entertaining Cookbook Typed by
  cjhartlin@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AFTERSHAVES
 Categories: Mixes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           WITCH HAZEL AFTERSHAVE-
      2 oz Tincture of witch hazel
    1/2 pt Unscented alcohol
      1 qt Distilled water
      1 oz Glycerine
      1 oz Tincture of balsam Peru
           SPICY AFTERSHAVE-
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Cloves
      1 oz Tincture of benzoin
      1 oz Tincture of Orange Peel
      1 dr Oil of bergamot
    1/2 pt Alcohol
      1 qt Water
           LEMON AFTERSHAVE-
    1/2 pt Alcohol
      1 qt Distilled Water
      1 oz Tincture of Benzoin
      1 dr Oil of Bergamot
      2 dr Lemon Oil OR:
      2 oz Tincture of Lemon Peel
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
           LIME AFTERSHAVE-
      1 dr Oil of Bergamont
      2 dr Lime Oil
      1 oz Tincture of Benzoin
      1 qt Water
    1/2 pt Unscented Alcohol
 
  The tangy tingling sensation it causes after being splashed on is one
  way to describe an aftershave. Most aftershaves act as astringents;
  they help firm skin tone and close skin pores when applied
  immediately after shaving. Many aftershaves contain alcohol, which
  possesses antibacterial abilities, helping to prevent infections of
  knicks or shaving cuts. It also should contain glycerine and/or other
  ingredients known to be beneficial to skin care. Glycerine will help
  counter the drying effects on the skin, and the chafing and
  irritation that can develop with dry skin. *Most drug stores contain
  all of the above tinctures and oils. Herb and health food shops carry
  the essential oils.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGED TOFU (FIGI)
 Categories: Asian, Fish/shellf, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 pk 10.5 oz. firm tofu
    1/2 c  Flour
           Vegetable oil for frying
    1/2 c  Water
      2 oz Soy Or Tamari sauce
      1 tb Sugar or honey
    1/3 ts Bottled fish stock or
           Vegetable stock
      2 ts Fresh ginger root -- grated
      8    Fresh scallions -- chopped
 
  Wipe tofu dry with paper towels.  Cut the tofu in each box in half,
  then cut each half into four equal portions. Flour each portion
  lightly. Heat vegetable oil to medium hot (350 to 375 degrees). Add
  the tofu, a few at a time.  Fry until golden and remove to drain on
  paper towels. Prepare sauce by placing the water, soy or tamari
  sauce, sweetener and stock in a saucepan.  Bring to a boil and mix
  well, making sure sugar (if using) is dissolved.  To serve, place a
  small amount of the sauce on four warmed plates. Divide the tofu
  evenly among the plates, placing them on the sauce. Garnish with
  grated ginger and chopped scallions.
  
  Recipe By     : Sunshine Magazine  (9/17/95)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGGIE'S IRISH SODA BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Unbleached white flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
     12 tb (1 1/2 sticks) cold, sweet
           -butter
      2 c  Raisins
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Honey
      1 c  Buttermilk
 
  Makes 1 large loaf.
  
  Preheat oven to 350F.
  
  Sift the flour, baking powder, soda and salt into a large mixing
  bowl. Cut the butter into small pieces and add. Cut it into the flour
  with a pastry blender until the mixture is the size of peas. Add the
  raisins and toss to distribute evenly, using two forks.
  
  Beat the egg in another bowl until very frothy.  Beat in the honey.
  When it is well blended, beat in the buttermilk.
  
  Gradually pour the liquids into the flour, tossing all the while with
  a fork so the mixture gets evenly moistened. Continue tossing lightly
  with two forks until the batter comes together; it doesn't have to be
  completely mixed and should be very rough and lumpy.
  
  Butter a heavy skillet or casserole, 10 to 11 inches in diameter and
  2 to 3 inches deep.  Round is the traditional shape. Spoon batter out
  into the pan and push it gently to fill the pan. It can mound up
  somewhat in the middle. Bake at 350 F about an hour or until the
  middle is set. Cut out a piece to test if necessary.
  
  Cut into wedges and serve warm from the pan.
  
  The Garden Way Bread Book From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGGRAVATION
 Categories: Mixed drink, Scotch, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 oz Scotch
    1/2 oz Kahlua
    1/2 oz Heavy cream
 
  Fill a rocks glass with ice. Add Scotch and kahlúa. Float cream on
  top. May be stirred before serving or served with cream floating on
  top.
  
  Recipe By     : Joe Robertson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGINERES ME AVGOLEMONO (ARTICHOKES WITH EGG &
 Categories: Greek, Vegetables, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           Text Only
 
  The classic Greek sauce, avgolemono, is a great low-fat alternative
  to the melted butter, mayonnaise or vinaigrette dipping sauces
  usually served with artichokes.
  
  Snap the stems off four large artichokes and trim the bases so that
  they will sit upright on a plate.  Boil a potful of water to which
  you have added the juice of a lemon and a pinch of salt. Drop the
  artichokes in and boil for 30 minutes or until they are tender. Test
  by pulling off an outer leaf and trying the flesh at the base for
  tenderness.
  
  Meanwhile, in another saucepan, bring a cup of chicken stock to the
  boil. In a cup, mix about two-thirds of a tablespoon of cornflour
  with a little water until it is smooth and add to the boiling stock,
  stirring until it thickens.
  
  Separate 3 eggs, beat the whites until they hold stiff peaks, then
  add the yolks and continue beating tin the whole mass is fluffy.
  Still beating, add the juice of a lemon and pour in the boiling
  stock. Pour this mixture back into the stock saucepan, and stir it
  over a low heat for a couple of minutes.  It must not boil.
  
  Place the artichokes in the centre of warmed plates and pour the
  avgolemono over them.  Serve.
  
  Makes 4 servings.
  
  From "Raw Materials" by Meryl Constance, The Syndey Morning Herald,
  10/13/92.  Courtesy Mark Herron.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; October 30 1992.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGLIATA PER PASTA (GARLIC & WALNUT SAUCE FO
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 sl Stale bread, crusts removed
      2 tb Stock, warmed
      1 c  Walnuts, toasted
    1/2 c  Parsley, stems trimmed
      3 md Garlic cloves, chopped
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Black pepper
      6 tb Olive oil
 
  Soak the bread in the stock & then squeeze out any excess moisture.
  Combine the bread with the walnuts, parsley, garlic, salt & pepper in
  a food processor. Process, adding the olive oil in a very slow stream
  until you have a thick paste.  Toss with your favourite pasta & serve
  hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGLIATA PER PASTA (GARLIC & WALNUT SAUCE FOR
 Categories: Main dish, Italian, Pasta, Sauces, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 sl Stale bread, crusts removed
      2 tb Stock, warmed
      1 c  Walnuts, toasted
    1/2 c  Parsley, stems trimmed
      3 md Garlic cloves, chopped
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Black pepper
      6 tb Olive oil
 
  Soak the bread in the stock & then squeeze out any excess moisture.
  Combine the bread with the walnuts, parsley, garlic, salt & pepper in
  a food processor. Process, adding the olive oil in a very slow stream
  until you have a thick paste.  Toss with your favourite pasta & serve
  hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGNES'S MOCHA VELVET PIE
 Categories: Desserts, Chocolate, Beverages, Pies, Eggs
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    8-inch pie shell

MMMMM------------------------PIE FILLING-----------------------------
    1/2 c  Butter
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1    Square unsweetned chocolate,
           Melted
      1 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 tb Instant coffee grounds
      2    Eggs
    1/2 c  Cream for whipping
 
  1. Prepare 8-inch pastry shell.
  
  2. Cream butter in medium-size bowl and gradually add sugar, creaming
  well
    after each addition.
  
  3. Cool melted chocolate; blend into butter-sugar mixture with instant
     coffee and vanilla.
  
  4. Add eggs, one at a time, beating VERY WELL after each addition.
  (Use
     an electric beater or mixer, for you'll need to beat in each egg 5
     minutes to make mixture creamy, thick, and fluffy.)
  
  5. Turn into baked pastry shell; chill 1 - 2 hours. Just before
  serving,
     whip cream and garnish pie.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGNOLOTTI ALLA FRACCARO (CRAB RAVIOLI)
 Categories: Seafood, Pasta, Italian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------PASTA--------------------------------
      4 c  Flour
      2    Eggs
      1 pn Salt
      1 c  ;Water

MMMMM--------------------BECHAMEL THICK SAUCE-------------------------
    1/2 c  Milk
      1 tb Butter
      1 tb Flour
    1/4 ts Salt
           Pepper, white
           Cayenne
      1    Egg yolk

MMMMM--------------------------STUFFING-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Scallion; chopped
      1 tb Butter
      1    Egg white
      2 tb Parsley
      1 lb Crab meat
      4 tb Cracker crumbs

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      1 c  Whipping cream
      4 tb Butter
           Salt; to taste
           Pepper, white; to taste
           Cayenne; to taste
 
  FOR THE PASTA:  Pour the flour onto a large pastry board. Make a well
  in the middle and add the eggs, water and salt. Work the eggs and
  water into the flour, then knead to a smooth elastic dough, about 10
  minutes. Roll the dough out as thinly as possible in two sheets.
  
  FOR THE FILLING:  Combine all of the Bechamel Thick Sauce ingredients
  together and cook until thickened, then let cool. Saute the scallions
  in the butter. Add the remaining Stuffing ingredients to the pan. Mix
  the stuffing with the Bechamel Thick Sauce.
  
  FOR THE SAUCE:  Reduce the whipping cream by half then add the
  remaining Sauce ingredients.  Cook until a slight boil.
  
  ASSEMBLY:  On one sheet of the pasta arrange teaspoons of the
  stuffing in litle piles at regular intervals, about 1 1/2 inches
  apart. Cover with the second sheet of dough and press with the finger
  tips around the edges of the stuffing.  Cut the Agnolotti square with
  a pastry wheel and make quite sure the edges are firmly sealed.
  Sprinkle lightly with flour and let them rest for 30 minutes,turning
  them after 15 minutes.
  
  COOKING:  Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the
  Agnolotti and cook for 12 minutes.  Lift them out with a slotted
  spoon and transfer to a heated serving dish. Add the Sauce and top
  with Parmesan cheese if desired.
  
        {Submitted by Goffredo Fraccaro, La Riviera Restaurant}
        [ The Legends of Louisiana Cookbook; Sheila Ainbinder;
                        ISBN 0-671-70817-1 ]
                           Posted by Fred Peters
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGNOLOTTI BANDIERA PART 1
 Categories: Italian, Pasta
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour plus flour for
           Dusting
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts White pepper
      1    Stick unsalted butter, cut
           Into pieces
      4    Eggs
      1    Egg beaten w/ a pinch of
           Salt for egg wash
           Semolina for sprinkling
           (see part 2 for more)
 
  SOURCE: IL TULIPANO, 11052 BISCAYNE BLVD, MIAMI. WINE: GRECO DI TUFO.
  1. Prepare the pasta.  Place dry ingredients and butter in food
  processor fitted with a pastry blade and run machine for 1 minute, or
  until butter is cut up and mixture feels sandy.  Add eggs and run
  machine in quick spurts for 2 minutes, or until dough forms a compact
  ball. 2. Cut dough into 4-5 small pieces.  Lightly flour each and
  roll it through pasta machine (set rollers at widest gap). When dough
  is smooth, reduce gap between rollers and roll the dough again.
  Continue in this fashion until rollers are at their narrowest
  setting.  As dough sheets come out, dust them lightly with flour and
  spread them out on the table. 3. Prepare filling. Steam spinach for
  30 seconds or until tender, rinse it under cold water, and squeeze it
  tightly to extract all the water. Place the spinach and remaining
  ingredients for filling in food processor and grind until smooth.
  (See part 2 for more)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGNOLOTTI IGNUDI AL MASCARPONE (MEAT BALLS IN
 Categories: Sausage, Ham, Italian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------------MEAT BALLS------------------------------
      4 oz Prosciutto; in one piece
      4 oz Pancetta; in one piece
      2    Italian sausages without
           -fennel seed
      4 tb Unsalted butter
      4    Extra-large eggs
    3/4 c  Bread crumbs, unseasoned
      5 tb Parmesan cheese; grated
           Salt & black pepper to taste

MMMMM---------------------TO COOK MEAT BALLS--------------------------
      4 qt Chicken broth

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      8 tb Unsalted butter
    1/2 lb Mascarpone
    1/2 c  Heavy cream
           Salt & black pepper to taste
      1 pn Freshly grated nutmeg

MMMMM--------------------------TO SERVE-------------------------------
      8 tb Parmesan cheese; grated
 
  Cut the prosciutto and pancetta into small pieces and remove the
  casing from the sausages. Using a meat grinder, grind together the
  prosciutto, pancetta, and sausages. Place the ground meat in a
  crockery or glass bowl, add the butter and eggs, and mix very well
  with a wooden spoon until the butter is completely incorporated. Add
  the bread crumbs and Parmesan, and season with salt and pepper. Cover
  the bowl and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before using.
  
  When ready, bring the broth to a boil in a large pot over medium heat.
  Meanwhile, place a large skillet with the butter over low heat. When
  the broth reaches a boil, start shaping the meat mixture into tiny
  meat balls; a heaping tablespoon of mixture will be enough to prepare
  several. Make sure the meat balls are solid with no holes inside.
  Drop the balls into the boiling broth a few at a time, and as they
  rise to the top, tansfer them with a slotted spoon to the skillet
  containing the butter. When all the meat balls are cooked and in the
  skillet, add the mascarpone and heavy cream. Mix very well and simmer
  for 1 or 2 minutes, or until the mascarpone is completely dissolved.
  Season with salt, pepper, and nutmeg. Mix very well, then transfer to
  a warmed serving platter. Serve immediately, with some Parmesan on
  the side.
  
  Source: "Bugialli on Pasta" by Giuliano Bugialli
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AGRESSION COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      3 c  Brown sugar
      3 c  Margarine
      6 c  Oatmeal
      3 c  Flour
      1 tb Baking soda
      2 c  Chocolate chips
 
  Put the ingredients in large bowl. Mash, squeeze, knead, etc until it
  is completely blended. Form into small balls about 1 to 1 1/2 inches
  in size. Place on an ungreased cookie sheet. Butter the bottom of a
  small glass and dip into white sugar, then pound the cookies flat.
  Bake at 350 degrees for about 10 to 12 minutes. This is a good recipe
  to use when you need to get rid of some agressions because the dough
  is too heavy for most mixers. So you have to use your hands and beat
  it!! You can also use peanut butter or butterscotch chips or a
  mixture of them.
  
  Submitted by Joanne Ferry, Prodigy F&W Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AHHH-SOME APPLE MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Appetizers
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Applesauce
  1 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
 
                from The Record Searchlight by Millie Ellis
  
  Beat egg; stir in milk, oil, and applesauce.Mix in remaining
  ingredients just until flour is moistened. Batter should be lumpy.
  Grease muffin cups or line with paper baking cups; fill 2/3 full. Mix
  together 1/2 tsp. cinnamon and 2 Tbsp. sugar. Sprinkle on top of
  muffins. Bake in 400-degree oven for 20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm
  with fruit preserves.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AHI CARPACCIO
 Categories: Fish, Appetizers
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Fresh tuna, paper-thin
           Salt, Vinegar & Oil
           Freshly cracked pepper
      1    Bunch arugula
           Grated Parmesan cheese
    1/2    Wht or blk truffle; shaved
 
  Note: May use a greater amount of truffle if desired. Arrange tuna in
  overlapping slices on platter. Sprinkle with salt and drizzle with
  oil and vinegar to taste. Sprinkle with pepper. Surround tuna with
  wreath of arugula. Sprinkle grated Parmesan cheese over all. Top with
  truffle shavings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AHMAD RASHAD'S BANANA PANCAKES
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------BATTER--------------------------------
      3    Eggs,large
      1 c  Flour,all-purpose,sifted
      3 ts Baking powder
    1/2 c  Milk,low-fat
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      2    Bananas,large,ripe,mashed

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      1    Banana,sliced
           Honey,warmed
           Maple syrup,warmed
    1/4 c  Pecans,chopped
 
  According to NBC sportscaster Ahmad Rashad, men and women behave very
  differently in the kitchen. "When men cook, it usually looks like a
  disaster area," says the former Minnesota Viking. "And there's no
  rhyme or reason to what they make. My father sometimes cooked chicken
  for breakfast. And when he cooked, everything came out six times
  bigger than when Mom cooked."
  
  Rashad's father prepared banana pancakes for him when he was a little
  boy, back in Tacoma, Washington. Washad, in turn, makes them for his
  5-year-old daughter, Condola Phylea. On Super Bowl Sunday, he
  promises, she'll be starting off her day with a short stack.
  
  1. In a mixing bowl, using a hand or electric mixer, beat eggs for 2
  minutes until frothy. Add flour, baking powder, milk and oil. Stir in
  bananas.
  
  2. On a hot griddle, pour 1/4 cup batter for each pancake. Cook until
  edges become dry, about 2 minues per side. Top with banana slices.
  Drizzle with honey or maple syrup and sprinkle with pecans.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIGO BOUIDO (GARLIC SOUP)
 Categories: Soups, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Separated head or about 16
           -cloves whole, unpeeled
           -garlic
      2 qt Water
      1 ts Salt
      1 pn Of pepper
      2    Cloves
    1/4 ts Sage
    1/4 ts Thyme
    1/2    Bay leav
      4    Sprigs parsley
      3 tb Olive oil
 
  This isn't cream of garlic soup, but it has a creamy texture. I've
  done this one and it's great.  As Julia says, "Because the garlic is
  boiled, its after-effects are at a minimum, and its flavor becomes
  exquisite, aromatic and almot undefinable."
  
  From Julia Child's "Mastering the Art of French Cooking, Vol. I":
  
  Drop garlic cloves in boiling water and boil for 30 seconds. Drain,
  run cold water over them and peel. Place the garlic and the rest of
  the ingredients in a 3-quart saucepan and boil slowly for 30 minutes.
  Correct seasoning.
  
  3 egg yolks 3 to 4 T. olive oil
  
  Beat the egg yolks with a wire whip in a soup tureen for a minute or
  until they are thick and sticky.  Drop by drop beat in the olive oil
  for making a mayonnaise.
  
  Rounds of hard-toasted French bread 1 cup of grated Swiss or Parmesan
  cheese
  
  Just before serving, beat a ladleful of hot soup into the egg mixture
  by droplets.  Gradually strain in the rest, beating and pressing the
  juice out of the garlic. Serve immediately, accompanied by the bread
  and cheese.
  
  Posted by Al Martin. Courtesy of Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIKEN COUNTY CORN BREAD DRESSING
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  White corn meal
      1 c  Flour
      2 c  Milk
      2 tb Shortening
      2 tb Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
      1    Onion
      2    Eggs
 
  Pepper to taste
  
  Make a batter of the cornmeal, flour, salt, baking powder, shortening
  (the oil from the baking fowl is generally used) and milk. Bake in a
  hot oven (400) until done, about half an hour. Then crumble the
  bread, add one medium sized onion, chopped fine, pepper and a little
  more salt. Break in the two eggs and wet with the juice from the
  baking chicken or turkey. The liver chopped fine and added to the
  dressing improves it, as does the addition of hard cooked egg. After
  mixing thoroughly, put the mixture on one side of the baking dish and
  roast with the fowl until brown. When basting the fowl, baste the
  dressing also to keep it moist and to improve the flavor. This amount
  will serve 12 persons.
  
  From: 200 years of Charleston Cooking 1930 Shared By: Pat Stockett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIL OU ECHALOTES CONFITS (GARLIC OR SHALLOTS
 Categories: France, Sauce/gravy
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     12    Shallots
      2 c  Graisse de canard
           -(rendered duck fat)
      1 ts Quatre epices (5 spices)
    1/4 ts Pepper, Black, ground
 
  1. Peel the garlic and cut off any green sprouts within. If using
  shallots, cut off both ends before peeling. Heat the duck fat in a
  small saucepan over medium flame.
  
  2. When the fat is warm, add the garlic or shallots, the quatre
  epices, and the ground pepper. Cook until they are soft, about 20
  minutes for the garlic and 30 minutes for the shallots.
  
  3. Remove them from the fat with a slotted spoon and cool on paper
  towels. If they are not used immediately, they can be refrigerated in
  a small container for several days.  Do not cover them with fat.
  Yield - 6 servings as a garnish.
  
  [ Per serving: 30 calories, 0 g. protein, 2 g. carbohydrate, 2 g.
  fat, 2 mg. cholesterol, o mg. sodium. Calories from fat: 57% ]
  
  [ Original recipe from "Foie Gras, Magret And Other Good Food From
  Gascony." Authors: Andre Daguin and Anne de Ravel. Downloaded from
  Food & Wine Round Table of GEnie. ]
  
  [ CompuChef conversion and nutritional analysis by Rick Weissgerber. ]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIMEE'S CHILI
 Categories: Beef
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  3 1/2 lb Ground beef
      1 lg Onion
     40 oz Tomato sauce
      1 lg Bell pepper; diced
      1    Corn meal
           Salt and pepper
           Tabasco sauce
      2 tb Chilli powder
           Water
 
  Recipe by: Wayne Preston Allen Brown meat; add onion and saute well.
  Add tomato sauce, seasonings, bell pepper, and chilli powder, salt,
  and pepper to taste. Add water until sauce is of desired thickness.
  Simmer 15-30 minutes. During last 15 minutes of cooking, sprinkle in
  corn meal and stir.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIOLI
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      6    Cloves of garlic, peeled
    1/2 c  Pine nuts
      3    Potatoes, boiled, peeled and
      1    Juice of a lemon
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      1    Egg, lightly beaten
 
     Combine the garlic and nuts in a blender or food processor and
  puree. Add the potatoes, and puree. Pour potato mixture into a bowl
  and, using a whisk, beat in the lemon juice, a bit at a time.
  Gradually add the olive oil in a thin stream while continuing to beat
  so oil combines with potato mixture. When oil has been absorbed, add
  the egg and beat well. Giovanni de Bourbon-Sicily, French Vogue Note:
  If you omit the raw egg, you still get a nice sauce. According to an
  ancient proverb, "Garlic is as good as 10 mothers." If the latest flu
  bug has hit your house--and whose has escaped--you may be ready to
  test claims for garlic's medicinal powers.
     Since 1983, the National Library of Medicine has gathered 125
  scientific papers on the therapeutic potential of garlic. They've
  found some interesting material. It's clear that allicin, the smelly
  compound in garlic, is an antibiotic--but only if taken raw. Heat
  destroys the elements that have antibiotic properties. Raw or cooked,
  garlic can also work as a decongestant and expectorant for common
  colds and bronchitis. Regularly eating raw garlic seems to act as a
  deterrent for these ailments, according to Dr Irwin Ziment. A Dr
  Abdullah, who eats a couple of raw garlic cloves a day, claims he has
  not had a cold since 1973. Admittedly, eating raw garlic won't help
  your social life but Kyolic, a deodorized garlic compound from Japan,
  may allow you to have good health and good friends. I've also heard
  of fresh garlic imported from Japan that supposedly is deodorized. If
  any of you have found it in local stores, let us know. It would be
  interesting to hear if it lives up to the claims made for it.
     Since having the flu is no fun, this may be a good time to take
  your chances and share some pungent garlic dishes with friends and
  family--for health's sake. It's easy to add minced fresh garlic to
  hummus or tabbouleh, Mid-Eastern dishes you can buy in many deli's
  and natural food stores. If you're brave, you can try my
  grandmother's cold cure. Spread a slice of black bread with butter,
  then layer thin slivers of raw garlic all over the bread. Eat this
  and it'll cure what ails you...or keep everyone so far away that no
  germs will reach you! Aioli is a milder way to enjoy raw garlic. This
  French condiment, a sort of mayonnaise, is a puree of garlic, boiled
  potatoes, olive oil and egg. Serve it with chicken, grilled fish,
  dolloped into soup and on vegetables.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIOLI PLATTER
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1    Double batch Aioli sauce
      6 sm Artichokes, trimmed, boiled,
           And chokes removed
      7 lb Cod, poached
      1 lb Carpaccio (thinly sliced
           -and pounded raw beef tender
           -loin
    1/2 lb Snow peas, trimmed, blanced
           -and refreshed in cold water
    1/2 lb Green beans, same as above
      1 lb Carrots, cut into 2" pieces
      3 lb Cauliflower, in florets
      1 lb Chick peas, cooked
      3 lg Red or green peppers, sliced
      1 pt Cherry tomatoes
      1 lb Zucchini, sliced
      1 lb Small potatoes, cooked
      6    Eggs, sliced in half(cooked)
      4 tb Capers
    1/2 c  Chopped parsley
 
  1.  Spoon some of the aioli sauce into the center of each artichoke.
  
  2.  Place an aioli-filled artichoke in the middle of each plate, and
  arrange the cod, carpaccio, prepared vegetables, and eggs around it
  in a spoke-like fashion, making sure each plate has some of all.
  Sprinkle with parsley and capers.
  
  Makes 12 servings
  
  Source:  The Silver Palate Cookbook
  =======================================================
  ===============
  
                                  AIOLI SAUCE
  
  8-10   garlic cloves, peeled               2 egg yolks, room temp
  salt and freshly ground pepper
  :          juice of 1 lemon 1 t Dijon mustard 1 1/2 c oil (half olive,
                                              half peanut) at room temp
  1. Puree garlic in a food processor or blender. Whisk the egg yolks
  in a small bowl until light and smooth, and add to the garlic. Add
  salt and pepper to taste, lemon juice, and mustard, and process to a
  smooth paste.
  
  2.  With the machine still running, add the oil, very slowly, into the
  mixture in a constant, steady stream, blending constantly. Con- tinue
  the blending until you obtain a thick, shiny, firm sauce. Transfer to
  a storage container, cover with plastic wrap, and refrigerate until
  ready to use.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIOLI SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 ea Egg
      5 ea Garlic cloves, crushed
      1 tb Mustard, prepared
      1 tb Lemon juice
    3/4 c  Olive oil
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
 
  Sauce for seafood.  Separate yolks and wisk yolks with mustard and
  garlic in a bowl.  Add oil drop by drop,beating continuously until
  half of oil is used. Add lemon juice a little at a time and remaining
  oil still beating. Season with salt and pepper.  Serve as dip for
  shrimp or sauce over fish such as sole, flounder, or halibut. Chill.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIOLI SAUCE - GARLIC MAYONAISE
 Categories: Sauces, Condiments
      Yield: 1 Cups
 
      5    Garlic cloves
      1    Egg, at room temperature
      1 c  Olive oil, at room temp.
      1 tb Lemon juice
 
  Crush the garlic in a food blender. Add the egg, and blend for 15
  seconds. Very slowly add the oil through the top of the blender so
  that an emulsion can take place. Stir in the lemon juice by hand.
  Hint: To get the smell of garlic off your hands, simply rub your
  hands in used coffee grinds. End of odor. In Italy, it is common to
  eat a whole coffee bean after a big meal so that your lover will not
  be bothered by garlic.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIOLI.  *** (KFNR49B)
 Categories: Sauces, Italian, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Thick slice French bread
           Milk
      4    Cloves garlic
      2    Egg yolks  /
    1/8 ts Salt
      1 c  Olive oil
      1 tb Boiling water
           Lemon juice
 
  I find a recipe in my Encyclopedia of Cooking by JoAnna Morris for
  aioli. Here it is: Remove the crusts from bread and soak in milk.
   Squeeze dry. Place in large mortar with garlic & mash with pestle
  until a fine paste.  Add the yolks & salt & mash in. Drop by drop
  pound in olive oil.  When the sauce becomes thick; the remaining oil
  may be beaten in. Thin with water & lemon juice to taste. FROM: PAM
  HOUGLAN (KFNR49B)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIR OR MERINGUE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Low-fat/low
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
 
        3    Egg whites
      1/4 ts Cream of tartar
      3/4 c  Sugar
        3 TB Cocoa
  
  1. Beat egg whites with cream of tartar in large mixing bowl until
  foamy. 2. Add sugar, 1 T. at a time. Beat at hightest speed until
  stiff and glossy. Do NOT underbeat. Remove 3/4 c. meringue to small
  mixing bowl; set aside. 3. Stir cocoa into meringue in large mixing
  bowl until thoroughly combined. Drop cocoa flavored meringue by level
  measuring tablespoon, about 1 1/2 inches apart, onto aluminum foil
  lined baking sheets. Make small indentation in center of each with
  top of teaspoon. 4. Spoon 1/2 teaspoon reserved plain meringue into
  each indentation. Bake at 275 degrees for 25 minutes. Turn off oven;
  leave meringues in oven with door closed for 1 hour. Remove from
  oven. Cool completely. Makes about 3 dozen cookies.
  
  18.6 calories, .1 g fat, 2.7% calories from fat
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Patti Mccoy <patti-Will-Mccoy@posdate: Thu, 31 Oct 1996 03:52:21
  +0000
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIR OR MERINGUE COOKIES : GGPJ36A
 Categories: Cookies, Low-fat
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 ea Egg whites
    1/4 ts Cream of tartar
    3/4 c  Sugar
      3 tb Cocoa
 
  1. Beat egg whites with cream of tartar in large mixing bowl until
  foamy. 2. Add sugar, 1 T. at a time. Beat at hightest speed until
  stiff and glossy. Do NOT underbeat. Remove 3/4 c. meringue to small
  mixing bowl; set aside. 3. Stir cocoa into meringue in large mixing
  bowl until thoroughly combined. Drop cocoa flavored meringue by level
  measuring tablespoon, about 1 1/2 inches apart, onto aluminum foil
  lined baking sheets. Make small indentation in center of each with
  top of teaspoon. 4. Spoon 1/2 teaspoon reserved plain meringue into
  each indentation. Bake at 275 degrees for 25 minutes. Turn off oven;
  leave meringues in oven with door closed for 1 hour. Remove from
  oven. Cool completely. Makes about 3 dozen cookies.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIR REFRESHER
 Categories: Household, Better
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------CHEAPER AND BETTER--------------------------
      1 c  Baking soda
    1/4 c  Ammonia
      1 tb SCENT OF YOUR CHOICE:
           -perfume, lemon extract or
           -juice, VANILLA BEAN EXTRACT
           -or pine oil
     16 c  Water
 
  ** For a quick fix for a stubborn odor, here's a traditional solution
  that you can customize to your taste.
  
  Into a clean gallon size plastic jug pour baking soda, ammonia, and
  the scent of your choice. Slowly fill with warm water. Label and cap
  jug. Keep out of the reach of children. Pour small quantities of the
  solution into pretty containers with spray tops--old perfune
  containers or atomizers are ideal. Then you can leave the refresher
  on the counter in rooms where you need it frequently.
  
  To Use: Simply mist the air where unpleasant odors abound. Avoid
  spraying on or near furniture or pets. Wipe up any reside if you
  overdo, but the mist will not harm anything if you don't soak an item
  with the mist. Especially AVOID spraying directly on FINE WOOD
  FURNITURE--The ammonia, scent, or water could harm the finish. 1 gal.
  
  Big savings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIRY WHITE BREAD
 Categories: White
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
  1 1/4 c  Milk
      2 ts Shortening (used stick oleo)
      3 c  Bread flour
      1 tb Sugar
    3/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Yeast
 
  Add ingredients to machine according to manufacturer's directions.
  
  Per serving: 74 calories; 3 g protein; 14 g carbohydrate; 1 g fat
  (0.0 g saturated); 1 mg cholesterol; 73 mg sodium; 39 g potassium.
  
  BF: This is the best loaf of light, airy bread that I have made in my
  ABM. I wish I could say what ABM Bread book it came from, but I got
  the recipe before I was concerned about such things.  Never made it
  until now.
  
  Author unknown.  U/L to Cooking by Burt Ford.   3/95 4/95 7/95 1/96
  POUR PAT STOCKETT
  
  Judith Vonneumann pooh4jvn@catlover.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AIRY WHITE BREAD.  ABM
 Categories: Abm, Bread
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
  1 1/4 c  Milk
      2 ts Shortening (used Stick Oleo)
      3 c  Bread flour
      1 tb Sugar
    3/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Yeast
 
  Add ingredients to machine according to manufacturer's directions.
  
  This is the best loaf of light, airy bread that I have made in my
  ABM. I wish I could say what ABM Bread book it came from, but I got
  the recipe before I was concerned about such things. Never made it
  until now.
  
  Author unknown.  U/L to Cooking by Burt Ford.   3/95
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJAD (FRESH CUCUMBER PICKLE)
 Categories: Salsas
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      4 tb Rice vinegar
      2 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 oz Cucumber; finely chopped
      2 sm Shallots; finely chopped
      1 sm Carrot; finely chopped
      1 sm Red or green chili
           -- finely chopped
 
  Mix all ingredients in a small bowl, stirring well until thoroughly
  mixed and serve.
  
  Source: Thai Vegetarian Cooking by Vatcharin Bhumichitr Typed for you
  by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJAM GORENG DJAWA (FRIED CHICKEN WITH SPICES)
 Categories: Chicken, Indonesian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 ea Chicken, frying; cut up
      2 ea Chilies; split
      1 ea Onion, small; sliced
      2 tb Coriander seed, ground
      1 tb Caraway seed, ground
      1 tb Turmeric
      1 x  Salt
      2 tb Tamarind juice
      2 tb Brown sugar
      1 c  Coconut milk
      1 x  Oil
 
  Put chicken in a pan with all the ingredients except the oil. Bring
  to boil then reduce heat and simmer for 20 min. or until liquid has
  been absorbed. Heat oil and deep fry chicken until golden brown.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJAM PANGGANG (INDONESIAN BARBECUED CHICKEN)
 Categories: Fruits, Harned 1994, Indonesian, Main dish, Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 lb Broiler chicken
      1 c  Kecap (or ketjap) manis*
      2    Garlic cloves
           -- peeled and mashed
      2 tb Fresh lime juice
    1/2 c  Melted, unsalted butter
    1/2 ts Grated fresh ginger
      1 ts Sambal oelek**
      1 pk Kroepoek oedang***
           Cornstarch to thicken
           -- marinade for sauce
 
  *Sweet soy sauce.
  
  **Hot pepper sauce.
  
  ***Shrimp puffs.
  
  Note:  Ingredients from Indonesia are available at many Dutch,
  Chinese, Vietnamese and Indonesian specialty stores. This...dish is
  good with Nasi Goreng (fried rice).
  
  Cut chicken into 8 pieces.  Combine remaining ingredients, except
  shrimp puffs, in large bowl.  Add chicken pieces; toss to coat.
  Marinate 2 hours at room temperature, stirring occasionally. Remove
  chicken pieces from marinade (reserving some of the marinade for
  basting and the rest for sauce).
  
  Roast, uncovered, at 400 F. for 35 to 40 minutes or until done,
  basting as needed.  If browning too quickly, cover with foil. (In
  summer, barbecue over charcoal fire.)
  
  Heat reserved marinade with cornstarch until thickened and serve as
  sauce, if desired.  Serve with shrimp puffs on the side. For these,
  simply deep-fry in hot fat or oil (375 F. on fat thermometer),
  draining at once on paper towels.  The chips will puff up as soon as
  they hit the fat.
  
  Yield: 4 servings on its own, 6 as part of an Indonesian rice table.
  
  From _Nancy Enright's Canadian Herb Cookbook_ by Nancy Enright.
  Toronto: James Lorimer & Company, 1985.  Pg. 57. ISBN 0-88862-788-2.
  Electronic format by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJAR
 Categories: Salads, Thai, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 tb Rice vinegar
      1 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ds Black pepper
      1 md Cucumber, peeled
    1/2 c  Red onion, thinnly sliced
      2 tb Cilantro leaves, chopped
      1 sm Fresh red or green chili
 
  In a medium bowl, stir vinegar, sugar, salt, and pepper until sugar &
  salt are dissolved.  Quarter cucumber lengthwise. Remove seeds. Cut
  quarters crossswise into 1/8" thick slices.  Add cucumber, onion,
  cilantro & chili to vinegar dressing; toss until combined. Cover and
  marinate in the refrigerator for 3 hours, stirring occasionally.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJI DE GALLINA (PIQUANT CREAMED CHICKEN- PERU
 Categories: Main, Chicken, Pepper, Peru
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 ea Carrot; peeled and sliced
      2 ea Onions; one sliced, one
           -minced
      4 lb Chicken; quartered
    1/2 ea Loaf white bread; crust
           -removed
      1 ea 12 oz can evaporated milk
      8 ea Fresh aji chiles; seeds and
           -stems removed, pureed in a
           -blender
      8 ea Or substitute yellow wax hot
           -or red jalapenos
      2 cl Garlic; minced
    1/4 c  Cooking oil
      3 c  Chicken broth (from reserved
           -chicken broth)
      1 c  Grated Parmesan cheese
    1/4 c  Chopped walnuts
      6 ea To 8 potatoes; boiled in
           -their jackets until tender,
           -peeled and sliced
      3 ea Hard-boiled eggs
           Freshly ground black pepper
 
    Bring 1 quart of salted water to a boil in a large pot, then add the
  carrot, sliced onion, and chicken. When the chicken is poached (about
  45 minutes), remove it from the water, cool, and shred it into small
  strips. Strain the broth and reserve the carrot and onion and 3 cups
  of the broth.
    Break the bread into pieces and soak them in the milk. In a large
  pot, saute the minced onion, pureed chiles, and garlic in the oil for
  a few minutes, then add the reserved carrot and onion. Add pepper to
  taste. Stir over medium heat for about 20 minutes until thick. Place
  the potatoes on serving plates and pour the chicken sauce over them.
  Garnish with the hard-boiled egg halves.
  
  Authors' heat scale: Hot.
  
  Recipe from Mary Dempsey in _Hot and Spicy Latin Dishes_ from Chili
  Pepper Magazine Dave DeWitt, Mary Jane Wilan, Melissa T. Stock Prima
  Publishing, 1995 ISBN 1-55958-484-X Typos by Jeff Pruett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJI MOLIDO (CHILE PASTE - RED)
 Categories: S. america, Condiments, Upload
      Yield: 1 Cup
 
     15    Chiles, red, New Mexican
    1/4 c  Oil, olive
      1    Garlic clove; minced
      2 tb Vinegar
      1 ts Salt

MMMMM----------------------HEAT SCALE - HOT---------------------------
 
    If the chiles are dried, soak in water till softened. Remove seeds
  and stems. Combine all ingredient in a food processor and puree to a
  fine paste. This is a HOT condiment.
    This South American chile paste can be used as a substitute whenever
  fresh chiles are called for. It will keep for two weeks or more in the
  refrigerator. For longer storage, increase the vinegar and reduce the
  amount of olive oil.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJI MOLIDO (CHILE PASTE - YELLOW)
 Categories: S. america, Condiments, Upload
      Yield: 1 Cup
 
     20    Chiles, aji, yellow; chopped
           -substitue yellow wax hot
           -chiles or jalapenos
    1/4 c  Oil, olive
      1    Garlic clove; minced
      2 tb Vinegar
      1 ts Salt

MMMMM----------------------HEAT SCALE - HOT---------------------------
 
    Remove seeds and stems. Combine all ingredient in a food processor
  and puree to a fine paste. This is a HOT condiment.
    This South American chile paste can be used as a substitute whenever
  fresh chiles are called for. It will keep for two weeks or more in the
  refrigerator. For longer storage, increase the vinegar and reduce the
  amount of olive oil.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJIACO
 Categories: Ethnic, Soups/stews, Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Butter
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
      1 c  Unsalted chicken stock
      4    Ears yellow corn, shucked,
           Sliced into 1-inch thick
           Wheels
      3 lb Chicken, cut into bite size
           Pieces.
      2 ts Sweet paprika
      1 c  Onions finely diced
      3 c  Milk
      2 lg Yucca peeled and cut into
           Inch thick dice.
           Juice of one lime.
 
  This recipe is for a Cuban stew/soup that I used to enjoy con mucho
  gusto. This version of Ajiaco was prepared by Senora Garcia in her
  little store front restaurant on Collins Ave. in Miami Beach.
  Although this is not her exact recipe, it's the closest I could get
  to it. Ajico del Restaurant Garcia ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Melt
  the butter in a 6 qt. pot over medium heat.  Cook chicken pieces in
  the butter until no longer pink. Remove chicken with slotted spoon
  and place in in a bowl. Put onion, garlic, cayenne, and paprika in
  pot and cook while stirring, until onion is translucent and colored
  with the paprika. Add stock, milk, yuca, corn, and chicken to the
  pot. Bring almost to a boil then reduce heat, cover and simmer,
  stirring every now and then, for about 1 hour, or until yucca is
  tender.  Remove from heat and stir in lime juice. Serve with Cuban or
  French bread that has been sliced and broiled until golden.
  
  As an alternative frozen corn on the cob will work, as well as fresh
  frozen kernels.  The fresh corn cob seems to impart a nice flavor to
  this dish.
  
  If you're wondering what to do with the wheels of corn, just pick 'em
  up with your fingers and nibble 'round the rims.
  
  This dish recieved rave reviews at the 1991 Blind Pass Marina Xmas
  Party.
  
  UL'd 12-16-91 by Bob Springer
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJIACO DEL RESTAURANT GARCIA
 Categories: Poultry, Ethnic, Vegetables, Kooknet
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Butter
      1 ts Cayenne Pepper
      1 c  Unsalted Chicken Stock
      4    Ears Yellow Corn, shucked,
           Sliced into 1" wheels
      3 lb Chicken Breasts, cut up
      2 ts Sweet Paprika
      1 c  Onions, finely diced
      3 c  Milk
      2 lg Yucca, peeled and diced
      1    Lime, juiced
 
  Melt the butter in a 6 qt. pot over medium heat. Cook chicken pieces
  in the butter until no longer pink. Remove chicken with slotted spoon
  and place in in a bowl. Put onion, garlic, cayenne, and paprika in
  pot and cook while stirring, until onion is translucent and colored
  with the paprika. Add stock, milk, yucca, corn, and chicken to the
  pot. Bring almost to a boil then reduce heat, cover and simmer,
  stirring every now and then, for about 1 hour, or until yucca is
  tender. Remove from heat and stir in lime juice. Serve with Cuban or
  French bread that has been sliced and broiled until golden.
  
  As an alternative frozen corn on the cob will work, as well as fresh
  frozen kernels. The fresh corn cob seems to impart a nice flavor to
  this dish.
  
  If you're wondering what to do with the wheels of corn, just pick 'em
  up with your fingers and nibble 'round the rims.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJILIMOJILI
 Categories: Caribbean, Condiments, Hot/spicy
      Yield: 3 Cups
 
      2    Red Peppers, Seeded and
           --Quartered
      1    Green Pepper, Seeded and
           --Quartered
      3    Scotch Bonnet Peppers,
           --Seeded
      1    Head Garlic Separated Into
           --Cloves
      2    Sprigs Fresh Coriander,
           --Chopped
           Juice of One Lime
    1/4 c  Malt Vinegar
      1 ts Salt
      1 tb Freshly Ground Black Pepper
    1/2 c  Olive Oil
 
  Puree the red pepper, green pepper, Scotch Bonnet peppers, garlic,
  coriander and lime juice in a food processor. Add the vinegar, salt,
  black pepper and olive oil and process again. Bottle the sauce in hot
  sterilized jars.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJILIMOJILI (GARLIC & PEPPER SAUCE)
 Categories: Sauce/gravy, Puerto rico, Caribbean, Upload
      Yield: 3 Cups
 
      3 ea Peppers, red, hot; seeded
      3 ea Peppers, bell, red; seeded
      4 ea Peppercorns, white
      4 lg Garlic cloves; peeled
      2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Lime juice
    1/2 c  Oil, olive
 
    Pound peppers, peppercorns, garlic and salt in a mortar, or chop in
  processor finely. Transfer to a bowl and beat in lime juice and oil.
  Served with suckling pig.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJILIMOJILI (GARLIC & PEPPER SAUCE)
 Categories: Sauce/gravy, Puerto rico, Caribbean, Upload
      Yield: 3 Cups
 
      3    Peppers, red, hot; seeded
      3    Peppers, bell, red; seeded
      4    Peppercorns, white
      4 lg Garlic cloves; peeled
      2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Lime juice
    1/2 c  Oil, olive
 
    Pound peppers, peppercorns, garlic and salt in a mortar, or chop in
  processor finely. Transfer to a bowl and beat in lime juice and oil.
  Served with suckling pig.
    MM and upload by DonW1948@aol.com / CBCC Submitted By
  DONW1948@AOL.COM On SAT, 9 SEP 1995 204220 -0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJVAR
 Categories: Appetizers, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lg Eggplants
      6 lg Red or green sweet peppers
           Salt
           Pepper
      1    Garlic clove; minced
      1    Lemon; juiced
    1/2 c  Oil, preferably olive oil
           Parsley; minced
 
  Bake eggplants and sweet peppers at 350 F until tender when pierced
  with a fork.  Peel skin from hot vegetables and chop or mince the
  vegetables. Season to taste with salt and pepper and stir in the
  garlic and lemon juice. Gradually stir in as much of the oil as the
  vegetables will absorb. Mix well.  Pile into a glass dish and
  sprinkle with parsley.
  
  Source: Jane Rinear "Our Favorite Recipes" St. Anthony Croatian
  Catholic Church Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AJVAR (ROASTED PEPPERS & EGGPLANT)
 Categories: Turkish, Vegetables, Appetizers
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     12    Fresh red New Mexican chiles
      4    Meduim eggplants
    3/4 c  Olive oil or corn oil
      1    Large onion, minced
      3    Large garlic cloves, chopped
      2 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Red wine
           Salt/pepper to taste
           Parsley for garnish
 
    Roast the peppers and eggplant over charcoal or gas flame, or bake
  in a preheated oven at 475 deg. F until the skins are blistered and
  black. Place the roasted vegetables in a paper bag and let them steam
  in their own heat for 10 minutes. Peel off and discard the burnt
  skins along with the stems and seeds. Mash the pepper and eggplant
  pulp together to form a homogeneous mass, either smooth or slightly
  chunky, as desired.
    Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a large skillet and saute the onion until
  very soft. Add the garlic and cook 2 minutes lomger. Remove from heat
  and stir in the pepper-eggplant pulp, mixing well. Slowly drizzle
  remaining oil into the mixture, stirring constantly to incorporate
  all the oil. Add lemon juice and vinegar, salt and pepper to taste.
  Transfer to a serving bowl and garnish with parsley.
    Serve as an appetizer spread on thick slices of country-style white
  bread, or flat pita bread, or use as a side dish to accompany grilled
  or roasted meats.
  
  Source: Chile Pepper
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AKA MISO (SUMMER MISO SOUP)
 Categories: Japan, Soups/stews, Submitted
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 c  Ichiban dashi (recipe)
    1/2 c  Aka miso (red soybean paste)
           Aji-no-moto (msg)
 
    Place the ichiban dashi in a 2 quart saucepan and set a sieve over
  the pan. With the back of a large spoon, rub the miso through the
  sieve, moistening it from time to time with some of the dashi to help
  force it through more easily.
    Bring the soup to a simmer over moderate heat. Then remove from the
  heat and stir in a small pinch of MSG.
    Pour the soup into bowls, add misoshiru no-me (miso soup garnish -
  see recipes) and serve at once. If the soup seems to be seperating,
  stir to recombine it.
    Miso soups are sweeter than other Japanese soups and usually are
  served toward the end of a formal Japanese meal.
    From: Time/Life Foods of the World - Japanese CompuChef conversion
  by Rick Weissgerber, reposted by DonW1948@aol.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AKIN BACK FARM'S PASTA BLUE
 Categories: Cheese/eggs, Harned 1994, Main dish, Pasta, Poultry
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Boneless chicken breasts
           -- skinless
      6    Sprigs fresh rosemary
      6    Sprigs fresh thyme
      1 lb Ziti
    3/4 c  Unsalted butter
    1/4 c  Fresh lemon juice
      1 c  Gorgonzola cheese; shredded
           Salt and pepper; to taste
  3 1/2 c  Fresh spinach
           -- torn in bite-size pieces
      1 bn Nasturtiums
 
  Prepare pasta according to package directions; set aside.
  
  Poach chicken breasts; remove meat and cube. Combine all ingredients
  except nasturtiums.  Garnish with nasturtiums.
  
  Given to me by Herman Sommerville II on 03/09/93.  He said that this
  recipe from Akin' Back herb nursery in Shelbyville, KY was in Alice
  Columbo's "Cook's Corner" column in "The (Louisville, KY)
  Courier-Journal." Posted by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AKKRA (BEAN FRITTERS)
 Categories: Appetizers, Jamaica, Caribbean, Beans, Upload
      Yield: 24 Fritters
 
      1 c  Peas, black-eyed
      2    Pepper, red, hot; seeded,
           -chopped
      2 ts Salt
           Oil, vegetable; for frying
 
    Soak the beans overnight in cold water. Drain, rub off and discard
  the skin, cover beans again with cold water and soak for 2-3 hours
  longer. Drain, rinse, and put through a meat grinder using the finest
  blade, or reduce bit by bit in an electric blender. Grind the
  peppers. Add the salt and peppers to the beans and beat with a wooden
  spoon until they are light and fluffy and considerably increased in
  bulk.
    Heat the oil in a heavy frying pan and fry the mixture by
  tablespoonfuls until golden brown on both sides. Drain on paper
  towels. Serve hot as an accompaniment to drinks.
    MM and upload by DonW1948@aol.com / CBCC Submitted By
  DONW1948@AOL.COM On SAT, 11 NOV 1995 012717 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AKOTONSHI (STUFFED CRABS)
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 ts Salt
      1    Inch fresh ginger root
      6    Whole cloves
      4 tb Vegetable oil
      1 sm Onion -- minced
      1 ts Ground ginger
      2    Tomatoes -- finely chopped
      1 tb Tomato paste
      2    Bell peppers -- finely
           Chopped
        pn Paprika
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
      1 tb Dried shrimp -- from
           Oriental shop
    1/2 c  Bread crumbs -- whole wheat
      1    Egg -- hard Boiled chopped
      1    Sprig parsley
      2 lb Crab meat
 
  [I think this recipe assumes raw crabmeat to start; refer to
  instructions below about boiling crab meat and alter technique if
  using pre-cooked crab meat, perhaps by just boiling some ginger and
  cloves in small amount of water and adding a bit to flavor crab. --
  cmt]
  
  Put crab meat in boiling salted water along with ginger piece and
  cloves. Cook about 15 minutes, until meat is tender enough to flake
  with a fork. Drain, flake and set aside.
  
  In a heavy pot, heat oil to a moderate temperature and add other
  ingredients in the following sequence, stirring for a minute or so
  between each: onions, ground ginger, tomatoes, tomato paste, green
  pepper, paprika, cayenne, and dried shrimp.  Reduce heat and simmer
  for 4-5 minutes, stirring constantly, until vegetables are cooked.
  Add crab meat and stir another couple of minutes to heat it through.
  Then spoon the mixture into clean crab shells or ramekins (small
  individual baking dishes).
  
  Sprinkle bread crumbs on top of each crab and toast under an oven
  broiler, being careful not to let the crumbs scorch. Garnish with egg
  and parsley.
  
  Recipe By     : African News Cookbook-African Cooking for Western
  Kitchens
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AKPITH (CORN/MAIZE & BEAN FLOUR SNACK)
 Categories: Snacks, Breads, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Corn/maize meal
    1/2 c  Soy flour
  1 1/2 tb Baking powder
    1/2 ts Chili powder (optional)
           Sugar to taste
      1 c  Water
           Oil
           Salt and pepper
 
  Corn/maize was introduced to Africa from Latin America by the
  Portuguese, mainly to provision their slave ships. The grain was
  quickly accepted because it grew rapidly and undemanding in
  cultivation. The name 'maize' comes from 'mahiz', the word used by
  the Caribbean Taino Indians from whom the Europeans probably first
  learned about the crop. in North American the English settlers were
  shown it by local Indians. 'Corn' was a general name given to any
  grain, so they called it simply 'Indian corn'.
  
  Columbus noted that maize was "most tasty boiled, roasted or ground
  into flour".  And in southern Ghana today a common food is 'kenkey',
  fermented corn/maize flour balls, wrapped in corn/maize leaves and
  steamed. Akpith, this recipe, is more straightforward.
  
  DIRECTIONS: =========== In a large saucepan, boil the water and then
  in half of the corn/maize meal and all the soy flour to make a thick
  porridge. Add the baking powder, chili powder if using and sugar;
  season.
  
  Cook this for 10 minutes over a low heat, stirring constantly. Then
  remove the pan and set aside to cool for 10 minutes or so.
  
  At this point, mix in the remaining corn/maize meal and combine
  thoroughly, adding water to produce a stiff dough.
  
  Now pour enough oil into a pan or wok to give a depth of around 2
  inches (5 cms), and heat up.  While it is warming mould the dough
  into balls about 1 inch (2.5 cms) in diameter.
  
  With the oil sizzling hot, slide 4 or 5 balls carefully into the pan
  and cook for 2-3 minutes until they are golden brown.
  
  * Source: The World in Your Kitchen - by Troth Wells * Typed for you
  by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AKPITH (CORN/MAIZE & BEAN FLOUR SNACK)
 Categories: Snacks, Breads, African
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Corn/maize meal
    1/2 c  Soy flour
  1 1/2 tb Baking powder
    1/2 ts Chili powder (optional)
           Sugar to taste
      1 c  Water
           Oil
           Salt and pepper
 
  Corn/maize was introduced to Africa from Latin America by the
  Portuguese, mainly to provision their slave ships.  The grain was
  quickly accepted because it grew rapidly and undemanding in
  cultivation. The name 'maize' comes from 'mahiz', the word used by
  the Caribbean Taino Indians from whom the Europeans probably first
  learned about the crop. in North American the English settlers were
  shown it by local Indians. 'Corn' was a general name given to any
  grain, so they called it simply 'Indian corn'.
  
  Columbus noted that maize was "most tasty boiled, roasted or ground
  into flour".  And in southern Ghana today a common food is 'kenkey',
  fermented corn/maize flour balls, wrapped in corn/maize leaves and
  steamed. Akpith, this recipe, is more straightforward.
  
  DIRECTIONS:             In a large saucepan, boil the water and then
  in half of the corn/maize meal and all the soy flour to make a thick
  porridge. Add the baking powder, chili powder if using and sugar;
  season.
  
  Cook this for 10 minutes over a low heat, stirring constantly.  Then
  remove the pan and set aside to cool for 10 minutes or so.
  
  At this point, mix in the remaining corn/maize meal and combine
  thoroughly, adding water to produce a stiff dough.
  
  Now pour enough oil into a pan or wok to give a depth of around 2
  inches (5 cms), and heat up.  While it is warming mould the dough
  into balls about 1 inch (2.5 cms) in diameter.
  
  With the oil sizzling hot, slide 4 or 5 balls carefully into the pan
  and cook for 2-3 minutes until they are golden brown.
  
  * Source: The World in Your Kitchen - by Troth Wells * Typed for you
  by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AL & TIPPER GORE'S CHINESE CHICKEN WITH WAL
 Categories: Poultry, Low-cal
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6    Chicken breast halves
           -- (boneless, skinless)
  2 1/2 tb Reduced-sodium soy sauce
  1 1/2 tb Water
      2 ts Cornstarch
      2 tb Dry sherry
      1 ts Sugar
      1 ts Grated fresh ginger
    1/2 ts Crushed red pepper
    1/4 ts Salt
      3 ts Peanut oil
      2 md Green peppers
           -- cut into 3/4-inch pieces
      4    Green onions
           -- diagonally sliced
           -- into 1-inch lengths
    1/3 c  Walnut halves
 
  [NAH Editor's note: Serve this over rice and you'll cut the percent of
  calories from fat.]
  
  DIRECTIONS: =========== Cut the chicken into 1-inch pieces and set
  aside. Mix the soy sauce and water, then blend into the cornstarch;
  stir in the sherry, sugar, ginger, red pepper, and salt.
  
  Preheat a wok or large skillet over high heat; add 2 teaspoons of
  peanut oil.  Stir-fry the green peppers and onions for 2 minutes and
  remove. Add the walnuts and stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes until golden
  brown. Remove. Add the rest of the oil and stir-fry half of the
  chicken for 2 minutes.
  
  Return all the chicken to the wok and stir in the soy mixture. Cook
  and stir until bubbly.  Stir in the vegetables and walnuts, cover and
  cook for 1 minute.
  
   Per serving: Calories: 229 Protein: 30 grams
  :          Carb: 4 grams Sodium: 404 mg        Fat: 9 grams (35% of
  calories)
  
  * Source: "Cooking with the Stars" * Published in "Nutrition Action
  Healthletter", March 1994 * Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AL & TIPPER GORE'S CHINESE CHICKEN WITH WALNU
 Categories: Poultry, Low-fat
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6    Chicken breast halves
           -- (boneless, skinless)
  2 1/2 tb Reduced-sodium soy sauce
  1 1/2 tb Water
      2 ts Cornstarch
      2 tb Dry sherry
      1 ts Sugar
      1 ts Grated fresh ginger
    1/2 ts Crushed red pepper
    1/4 ts Salt
      3 ts Peanut oil
      2 md Green peppers
           -- cut into 3/4-inch pieces
      4    Green onions
           -- diagonally sliced
           -- into 1-inch lengths
    1/3 c  Walnut halves
 
  [NAH Editor's note: Serve this over rice and you'll cut the percent of
  calories from fat.]
  
  DIRECTIONS: =========== Cut the chicken into 1-inch pieces and set
  aside. Mix the soy sauce and water, then blend into the cornstarch;
  stir in the sherry, sugar, ginger, red pepper, and salt.
  
  Preheat a wok or large skillet over high heat; add 2 teaspoons of
  peanut oil.  Stir-fry the green peppers and onions for 2 minutes and
  remove. Add the walnuts and stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes until golden
  brown. Remove. Add the rest of the oil and stir-fry half of the
  chicken for 2 minutes.
  
  Return all the chicken to the wok and stir in the soy mixture. Cook
  and stir until bubbly.  Stir in the vegetables and walnuts, cover and
  cook for 1 minute.
  
   Per serving: Calories: 229 Protein: 30 grams Carb: 4 grams Sodium:
  404 mg Fat: 9 grams (35% of calories)
  
  * Source: "Cooking with the Stars" * Published in "Nutrition Action
  Healthletter", March 1994 * Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AL RICE BLACKEN BLEND
 Categories: Fish, Spices
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 tb Paprika
  2 1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
      1 ts Garlic powder
    3/4 ts Black pepper
    1/2 ts White pepper
      1 ts Dried tarragon
      1 ts Dried oregano
      1 ts Dried marjoram
 
  Here's a seasoning blend used to make Blackened Salmon steaks:
  
  Mix this up well, and then dip the fish fillets first in melted
  butter, then smear the seasoning mixture on both sides of the fish.
  Heat a cast iron skillet for about eight minutes onhigh heat. Put the
  fillets in the pan without crowding, pour a few tablespoons of melted
  butter on top, cook on both sides for about two minutes and serve
  immediately with butter and lemon.
  
  From the files of Al Rice, North Pole Alaska.    Feb 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AL'S CHEESE DIP
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Velveeta cheese
      1 sm Can
      1 sm Onion
      3 tb Jalapeno peppers -- to
           Taste
           Hormel chili (no beans)
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F.  Cut cheese into chunks; mix in chili. Chop
  onion finely; add to cheese.  Chop pepper finely; add to mixture and
  mix well. Bake until cheese starts to melt. Mix; return to oven. Bake
  until all cheese is melted.
  
  Recipe By     : Marge Gest
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AL'S CHICKEN SCHNITZEL
 Categories: Poultry, Main dish
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      1 kg Chicken Breasts
      4 lg Eggs
      2 c  Flour
      2 c  Bread Crumbs(Krummies etc)
 
  All MEASUREMENTS and CURRENCY mentioned below in in METRIC and
  Australian currency. In 1 kg you usually get 3 breasts so cut them in
  half as described below and 2 halfs usually make a filling meal.Costs
  about $10 to serve a family since adult can have 2 halfs with mashed
  potato and mini carrots etc and children can have 1. This is my first
  Recipe so here goes.
  
  Cut Chicken Breasts down the middle into 2 parts. Use Spiked Mallet
  to beat chicken till its a mit thinner so it cooks better.Also trim
  any skin or get skinless breasts to reduce amount of calories.
  
  Get 3 plates.On the first plate sift flour on to plate. On second
  plate,beat eggs and pour onto a deep plate. On third put the bread
  crumbs on it.
  
  Dip or cover breasts in flour.Shake off excess.Coat breast with egg
  either by brushing on or dipping on plate.Then cover in bread crumbs
  and put on plate.
  
  On this is done you are ready to cook them.Now I usually cook mine so
  that the bread crumbs brown but dont get burnt so the schnitzel is
  very soft.Since I'm not an experienced cook but have to do the
  cooking for the family (Im 15) I dont know if Im undercooking them or
  what but they taste best that way.Just cook them and when the look
  cooked cut in half and if the meat is white(like chicken sould look
  not the colour of an uncooked fillet) they are cooked.I cook on
  medium heat in a frypan with some oil. Serving Suggestions: In the
  Colder months this meal is best served with Mashed potato and gravy
  as well as carrots and any other vegetables you like.
  
  In the Warm months my very favourite is a Schnitzel Burger. I put the
  lettuce on the bottom,Beetroot next,then the scnitzel,then a thin
  pineapple ring,and mayo.Excellent in summer months.2 of these make a
  filling and tasty meal.
  
  Well there you go.And comments and critisism would be appreciated.
  CYA!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AL'S CHOCOLATE TO THE MAX.
 Categories: Desserts, Microwave, Chocolate
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 oz Package of semisweet
           Chocolate chips
      1    Egg
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 ts Almond extract
      1 tb Creme de cacao liqueur
      1 c  Whipping cream
 
  Blend together first 4 ingredients while microwaving the cream until
  just beginning to boil. With blender going add the hot cream and
  blend until well combined. Pour into small sherbet or wine glasses (I
  use the disposable plastic ones) and refrigerate for several hours.
  This is chocolate to the MAX! Few people refuse one of these and few
  can eat more than one.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AL'S GERMAN PILSNER
 Categories: German beer, Light beers, Alcohol, Beverages, Beers
      Yield: 50 Servings
 
      1 cn Malt Extract Syrup-Light
      3 lb Malt Extract Powder-Light
  2 1/2 oz Hallertauer Hops
      1 oz Saaz Hops
      1 pk Ale yeast
    3/4 c  Corn sugar; bottling
      1 ea Hop bag
 
  Boil malts, 1 oz Hallertau, and 1/2 oz Saxx for 30 min. add 1/4 oz
  Hallertau and 1/4 oz Sazz for flavor and boil for 15 min. Then again
  add 1/4 oz Hallertau and 1/4 oz Sazz and boil for 15 more min. Add 1
  oz Hallertau hops in bag and steep for 2 min.
  
  NOTES : O.G.:1.045-1.050 F.G.:1.009-1.013
  
  Recipe by: Allan Munsie
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AL'S MARYLAND CRAB SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Seafood
      Yield: 3 .5 quarts
 
MMMMM---------------------------STOCK--------------------------------
      3 qt ;Water, cold
    1/2 lb Slab bacon; cut into 2
           -pieces
    1/2 lb Ham chunks; (or you can use
           -a ham bone)
      1 tb Red pepper flakes; (opt)
      1 tb Old Bay seasoning
      1 ds Celery salt
      1 ds Onion salt

MMMMM----------------------------SOUP---------------------------------
      3 lg Potato; diced
     16 oz Tomato; chopped; with juice
      1    Onion; diced
     16 oz Frozen mixed vegetables
      2    Celery rib; diced
      1 c  Parsley, fresh; chopped
     16 oz Crab meat; picked over
      1 tb Worcestshire sauce
      1 tb Red pepper flakes; (opt)
      1 tb Old Bay seasoning
           Salt & pepper; to taste
      1 c  Cabbage leaves; shredded
 
  Simmer ham-bacon stock for about one hour.  Add remaining ingredients;
  simmer for about two hours--the longer it simmers, the better the
  flavor. Refrigerate immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AL'S SEAFOOD BISQUE - FROM AL'S SOUP KITCHEN~
 Categories: Soups/stews, Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Dry white wine
      1    Bay leaf
      1    Onion, roughly chopped
      1 cl Garlic
      2    Ribs celery
      1    Lobster (1- 1 1/2 lb)
     12 md Shrimp in the shell
     24    Mussels, well scrubbed
     12    Sea scallops
      4 c  Heavy whipping cream
      1 c  Milk
      1 ts Dried thyme
      1 tb Minced fresh parsley
    1/4 ts Dried rosemary
      1 c  Fresh spinach, chopped
    1/2 c  Grated carrot
           Salt & pepper to taste
    1/2 ts Fresh lemon juice
 
  1. Combine the white wine, bay leaf, onion, garlic, and celery in a
  large stockpot over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Add the lobster,
  cover the pot and steam for 10 minutes. Remove the lobster.
  
  2. Add the shrimp, cover the pot, and steam for 5 minutes. Remove the
  shrimp with tongs.
  
  3. Add the mussels, cover the pot and steam until they open, about 5
  minutes. Remove the mussels with tongs, extract the meat, and discard
  the shells. Discard any that do not open.
  
  4. Add 2 cups water to the liquid in the pot, bring to a boil, and
  then add the scallops. Cover the pot and steam for 3 minutes. Remove
  the scallops with tongs.
  
  5. Extract the lobster meat, reserving the shells. Peel and devein the
  shrimp, reserving the shells. Chop the meats into bite-sized portions;
  cover and set aside.
  
  6. Return the seafood shells to the pot of broth and add 2 cups water.
  Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes.
  Strain the broth and return to the pan.
  
  7. Bring the broth to a simmer over low heat. Add the cream, milk,
  thyme, parsley and rosemary and simmer until the mixture thickens
  slightly, 5 minutes. Add the lobster, shrimp, mussels, and scallops
  and simmer for 2 minutes. Stir in the spinach and carrots and simmer
  another 2 minutes just to wilt the spinach. Season with salt and
  pepper, and stir in the lemon juice. Serve hot.
  
  Serves 6.
  
  Source: The New York Cookbook, Molly O'Neill, 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AL'S SEAFOOD BISQUE - FROM AL'S SOUP KITCHEN~ NYC
 Categories: Cyberealm, Mom's best, Soups
      Yield: 6 servings
 
      2 c  Dry white wine
      1    Bay leaf
      1    Onion, roughly chopped
      1 cl Garlic
      2    Ribs celery
      1    Lobster (1- 1 1/2 lb)
     12 md Shrimp in the shell
     24    Mussels, well scrubbed
     12    Sea scallops
      4 c  Heavy whipping cream
      1 c  Milk
      1 ts Dried thyme
      1 tb Minced fresh parsley
    1/4 ts Dried rosemary
      1 c  Fresh spinach, chopped
    1/2 c  Grated carrot
           Salt & pepper to taste
    1/2 ts Fresh lemon juice
 
  1. Combine the white wine, bay leaf, onion, garlic, and celery in a
  large stockpot over medium heat. Bring to a boil. Add the lobster,
  cover the pot and steam for 10 minutes. Remove the lobster.
  
  2. Add the shrimp, cover the pot, and steam for 5 minutes. Remove the
  shrimp with tongs.
  
  3. Add the mussels, cover the pot and steam until they open, about 5
  minutes. Remove the mussels with tongs, extract the meat, and discard
  the shells. Discard any that do not open.
  
  4. Add 2 cups water to the liquid in the pot, bring to a boil, and
  then add the scallops. Cover the pot and steam for 3 minutes. Remove
  the scallops with tongs.
  
  5. Extract the lobster meat, reserving the shells. Peel and devein the
  shrimp, reserving the shells. Chop the meats into bite-sized portions;
  cover and set aside.
  
  6. Return the seafood shells to the pot of broth and add 2 cups water.
  Bring to a boil, and then reduce the heat and simmer for 30 minutes.
  Strain the broth and return to the pan.
  
  7. Bring the broth to a simmer over low heat. Add the cream, milk,
  thyme, parsley and rosemary and simmer until the mixture thickens
  slightly, 5 minutes. Add the lobster, shrimp, mussels, and scallops
  and simmer for 2 minutes. Stir in the spinach and carrots and simmer
  another 2 minutes just to wilt the spinach. Season with salt and
  pepper, and stir in the lemon juice. Serve hot.
  
  Serves 6.
  
  Source: The New York Cookbook, Molly O'Neill, 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALA BADUN
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    450 g  Potatoes
    225 g  Onion
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Turmeric
      1 ts Chilli powder
           -I teaspoon paprika
    100 ml Oil
           -sprig curry leaves
    1/2 ts Ground mustard
      1    Cm cinnamon stick
      1 ts Lime juice
 
  Boil the potatoes, peel and cut into bite size pieces Slice the onion.
  Place the potato in a bowl and and add the salt, turmeric, chilli
  powder and paprika powder Heat the oil and when hot add the curry
  leaves followed by the onion, mustard and cinnamon stick Fry until
  the onions are a golden brown, then add the potato and keep tossing
  with the onion until browned and heated through. Discard the cinnamon
  stick and sprinkle the lime juice on top just prior to serving. From
  "A taste of Sri Lanka" by Indra Jayasekera, ISBN #962 224 010 0
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALABAMA CHOCOLATE-PECAN JUMBO CHRISTMAS FUDGE
 Categories: Pies, Chocolate
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Chocolate wafer crumbs
    1/3 c  Butter; melted
    1/2 c  Butter; softened
    3/4 c  Sugar, brown
      3    Egg
     12 oz Semisweet chocolate morsels;
           -melted
      2 ts Coffee, instant
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 c  Flour
      1 c  Pecans; coarsely chopped
           Whipped cream, sweetened
           Chocolate syrup
           Maraschino cherries with
           -stems
           Mint sprigs
 
        Combine chocolate wafer crumbs and 1/3 cup melted butter; firmly
  press on bottom and sides of a 9-inch tart pan or pieplate. Bake at
  350F for 6 to 8 minutes.
  
        Cream 1/2 cup softened butter; gradually add brown sugar with
  the electric mixer at medium speed until blended. Add the eggs, one
  at a time, beating after each addition. Stir in the melted chocolate,
  instant coffee granules, vanilla extract, flour and chopped pecans.
  Pour into the prepared crust.  Bake at 375F for 25 minutes. Remove
  from oven and cool completely on a rack.
  
        Before serving, pipe sweetened whipped cream on each piece and
  drizzle with chocolate syrup.  Garnish with cherries and/or mint if
  desired.
  
        [ Advertisement letter for "Christmas With SOUTHERN LIVING
  1990" ]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALABAMA CORN STICKS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 14 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Cornmeal
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    3/4 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Buttermilk
      1    Egg, beaten
 
  Sift together cornmeal, baking powder, soda, sugar, and salt; stir in
  buttermilk and egg, mixing well. Heat well greased cast iron corn
  stick pans in a 400 degree oven for 3 minutes or until very hot.
  Spoon batter into pans, filling two thirds full.  Bake at 400 degrees
  for 25 minutes or until lightly browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALABAMA SLAMMER
 Categories: Mixed drink, Gin, Alcohol
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 oz Sloe gin
      1 oz Southern Comfort
      3 oz Orange juice -- (or to
           Fill)
      1 oz Amaretto
 
  Fill a mixing glass with crushed ice. Add sloe gin, Southern Comfort,
  amaretto, and orange juice. Shake and strain into shot glasses. Makes
  about 4 shots.
  
  Recipe By     : Joe Robertson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALABAMA-STYLE SHRIMP BAKE
 Categories: Seafood, Shrimp
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter or margarine, melted
    3/4 c  Lemon juice
    3/4 c  Worcestershire sauce
      1 tb Salt
      1 tb Coarsely ground pepper
      1 ts Dried rosemary
    1/8 ts Ground red pepper
      1 tb Hot sauce
      3    Garlic cloves, minced
  2 1/2 lb Unpeeled large or jumbo
           - shrimp
      2    Lemons, thinly sliced
      1 md Onion, thinly sliced
           Fresh rosemary sprigs
 
  Combine first 9 ingredients in a small bowl; set aside. Rinse shrimp
  with cold water; drain well. Layer shrimp, lemon slices, and onion
  slices in an ungreased 13x9x2-inch baking dish. Pour butter mixture
  over shrimp. Bake uncovered, at 400 for 20 to 25 minutes or until
  shrimp turn pink, basting occasionally with pan juices. Garnish with
  fresh rosemary sprigs, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALAIN SENDEREN'S SALADE DE FRUIT EXOTIQUE (HH
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits/nuts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Plus 2 teaspoons sugar
    1/2    Vanilla bean, split
      3    Coriander seeds
      1    Whole clove
    1/4 ts Five-spice powder
           Zest of 1 lime
           Zest of 1/2 lemon
    1/2 ts Chopped fresh ginger
      1    Sprig of fresh mint (OPT)
      1 tb Fresh lime juice
      1    Pineapple
      1    Mango
      2    Large kiwis
      2    Passion fruits
 
  And ideal fruit salad or dessert for Winter, because the tropical
  fruits are available year-round and ripen naturally. The riper and
  more fragrant the fruit, the better the salad. 
  In a small saucepan, combine 1 1/2 cups water with the sugar, vanilla
  bean, coriander seeds, clove, five-spice powder, lime and lemon
  zests, ginger, and mint, if using. Simmer over moderate heat for 10
  minutes. Set aside to cook.  Then stir in the lime juice. (The syrup
  can be made up and refrigerated for up to a week before serving the
  salad.) 
  Slice off the top and the rind from the pineapple; quarter it
  lengthwise. Reserve 3 of the quarters for another use. Slice 1 of the
  quarters crosswise 1/8-inch thick. Using a sharp paring knife, peel
  the mango and slice lengthwise, parallel to the pit on both sides,
  into disks 1/8-inch thick.  Slice each mango disk in half lengthwise.
  Peel the kiwis and halve lengthwise.  Cut each half lengthwise into
  thin wedges. 
  Divide the fruit evenly and arrange in each of 4 shallow soup bowls,
  overlapping the slices to form a decorative pattern. Strain the
  reserved syrup and divide equally among the 4 servings. Cover with
  plastic wrap and refirgerate for at least 1 or up to 4 hours. Just
  before serving, halve the passion fruits crosswise. Using a teaspoon,
  scoop the pulk out of each half onto the fruit in each bowl. 
  Nutritional information per serving: 147 calories; 1.2 G Protein; .7
  G fat; 37.0 G Carbohydrate.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALAMO CHILI
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Stew meat
      1 md Onion
      1 cn Tomato sauce
      2    Cloves garlic
      2 tb Of chili powder
      2    Jalapeno chili's
      2 c  Pinto beans
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
   Trim the fat from the stew meat, cut into bite sized chunks and
  brown it. Chop the onion and the jalapeno chili. Smash the garlic.
  Throw every thing but the beans into a pot, add water and simmer
  until meat is tender.
   Put the beans into a pot with water and bring to a boil, turn the
  heat down and simmer till the beans are done.
   Eat the chili and stomp the hell out of the beans.
   Don't confuse this with "Rebel Chile" which also has the beans
  stomped out of it.
   I brought this recipe back from Mexico and it was said to be the one
  that Mexico used when they taught Texans how to make chili at the
  Alamo. I understand that to this day Texans do not put beans in chili.
  
  TL: If it hasn't got a bean it must be Texas.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALAN ALDA'S CHE-CHA
 Categories: Main dish, Pasta, Low-fat
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
     14    Fresh Italian plum tomatoes
           -- (good-sized)
      2    Handfuls fresh basil leaves
           -- chopped
      1    Garlic clove; minced
    1/3 lb Reduced-fat mozzarella
           -- shredded
      1 tb Olive oil
     10 oz Fusilli (corkscrew) pasta
           -- uncooked
 
  [NAH Editor's note: We didn't boil or peel the tomatoes and it was
  still delicious.]
  
  DIRECTIONS: =========== Fill a pot with enough water to cover the
  tomatoes. Bring to a boil and drop the tomatoes in.  Remove them
  after about 10 seconds, then peel and chop them.
  
  Mix the tomatoes, basil, garlic, and cheese with the olive oil. Let
  stand in a covered bowl at room temperature for at least 3 hours.
  Cook the fusilli. Drain. Add the tomato sauce to the hot fusilli. Mix
  well. Serve warm.
  
   Per Serving: Calories: 332 Protein: 19 grams
  :        Carbs: 51 grams Sodium: 188 mg          Fat:
        7    grams (19% of calories)
  
  * Source: "Cooking with the Stars" * Published in "Nutrition Action
  Healthletter", March 1994 * Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, New (to be, Gin
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      3 oz Gin
      1 oz Yellow Chartreuse
 
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA BAKE
 Categories: Fish, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    418 g  Canned pink Alaska salmon
    430 g  Frozen broccoli
           -- cooked and drained
    150 ml Dry white wine
      2 tb Freshly chopped parsley
     15 g  Cornflour
    175 g  Gruyere or Edam cheese
           -- thinly sliced
 
  Pre-heat the oven to 190C, 375F, Gas mark 5.
  
  Drain the can of salmon and make the juice up to 150ml / 1/4 pint with
  water for fish stock. Break the salmon into large chunks and arrange
  it with the broccoli in a single or 4 individual ovenproof dishes.
  Put the fish stock, wine, parsley and cornflower into a saucepan and
  blend until smooth. Heat gently, stirring all the time until the
  sauce thickens. Pour over the salmon and broccoli.
  
  Arrange the slices of cheese over the top of the dish and bake for 20
  minutes or until the cheese has melted. Serve immediately.
  
  Serves 4. Approx. 395 kcals per serving
  
  From: On the Wild Side - Alaska Canned Salmon Recipes Reprinted with
  permission from Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master
  compatible recipe format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA COD STRIPS TO DIP
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Dry bread crumbs
      1 tb Parsley, chopped
    1/2 ts Lemon-pepper
      1    Egg
      1 tb Milk
    1/3 c  Flour
           -Vegetable oil for frying
      4    (4-6 oz's. each) Alaska cod
           -or pollock fillets,
           -thawed if necessary and
           -cut into l-inch wide
           -strips
           -Salt
           -Citrus Dipping Sauce
 
  Toss together bread crumbs, parsley and lemon-pepper in a shallow
  dish. Whisk together egg and milk in a second dish. Spread flour out
  on a third dish. Heat oil in a large non-stick skillet over
  medium-high heat. Season fish strips with salt. Dredge each strip in
  flour, shaking off excess. Dip in egg mixture, and then coat with
  bread crumb mixture. Saut fish until golden brown. Serve with Citrus
  Dipping Sauce. Makes 4-6 servings.
  
  From the files of Al Rice, North Pole Alaska.    Feb 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA GRATIN
 Categories: Fish, Main dish, Microwave
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    213 g  Canned pink Alaska salmon
     90 ml Milk
      3 tb Greek yogurt
    450 g  Old potatoes
           - peeled and thinly sliced
     15 g  Butter or margarine
    100 g  Button mushrooms, sliced
    100 g  Courgettes; chopped
      1 tb Freshly chopped chives
    100 g  Cheddar cheese, grated
 
  Drain can of salmon. Mix juice with milk and yogurt. Melt butter on
  HIGH POWER for 30 seconds. Stir in mushrooms, courgette and chives,
  cook for 2 minutes on HIGH POWER.
  
  Flake in salmon. Arrange one third of potato slices into base of
  microwave proof dish. Spread half salmon mixture over. Top with third
  of potatoes. Add remaining salmon, cover with rest of potatoes. Pour
  over salmon stock. Sprinkle with cheese and cover. Cook on MEDIUM
  POWER for 15 minutes. Uncover and cook for 5 minutes. Stand for 5
  minutes. Brown under a conventional grill before serving.
  
  Serves 4. Approx. 340 kcals per serving
  
  From: On the Wild Side - Alaska Canned Salmon Recipes Reprinted with
  permission from Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master
  compatible recipe format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA MATELOTE
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    418 g  Canned pink Alaska salmon
      2 tb Olive oil
      8    Spring onions
           - trimmed and chopped
      2    Garlic cloves; crushed
     25 g  Plain flour
    300 ml Vegetable stock
    300 ml Dry cider
      1 tb Freshly chopped basil
      1    Lemon; juiced
    100 g  Peeled prawns
    175 g  Mussels in brine
    350 g  Skate or monkfish
     50 g  Baby mushrooms; trimmed
      1 sm Onion; sliced into rings
      4 tb Vegetable stock
           Salt and black pepper
 
  Drain can of salmon. Make juice up to 300ml / 1/2 pint with water for
  fish stock. Break fish into large chunks.
  
  Heat the oil. Gently fry spring onions and garlic. Stir in flour. Add
  the fish and vegetable stocks and cider. Mix well. Stir in basil and
  lemon juice. Bring to the boil. Add prawns, mussels and white fish.
  Simmer for 10 minutes.
  
  Cook mushrooms and onion in salt water. Drain and set aside. Stir
  salmon into soup. Heat through. Serve garnished with mushrooms and
  onions.
  
  Serves 6. Approx. 290 kcals per serving
  
  From: On the Wild Side - Alaska Canned Salmon Recipes Reprinted with
  permission from Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master
  compatible recipe format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA OCTOPUS GUMBO
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Diced bacon
      2 c  Water
      1 pt Fresh octopus,
           -steamed until tender
      2 c  Slightly undercooked
           -steamed rice
      1 lb Canned tomatoes
      1    Can okra
    1/2 c  Diced onions
      1    Diced green pepper
    1/4 ts Cayenne
    1/2 c  Diced celery
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
  Boil bacon in water for 15 minutes, then add the rest of the
  ingredients. Simmer together for ten minutes. Serve with warm
  cornbread. Serves four. Helen Blanchard, Ward Cove, AK "Octopus for
  Dinner," the Cabin Friend ALASKA Magazine, October, 1978
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA OMELETTE
 Categories: Fish, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    105 g  Canned pink Alaska salmon
           -- drained and flaked
      2    Eggs
      2 tb Sour cream or fromage frais
    1/2 ts Freshly chopped tarragon
           Salt and white pepper
      7 g  Butter or margarine
 
  Drain the can of salmon and set aside.
  
  Beat together the eggs, cream or fromage frais and tarragon. Season
  lightly. Melt the butter in a non-stick or omelette pan. Pour in the
  eggs and cook over a moderate heat until the base is set. While the
  base is setting, pre-heat a moderate grill. Arrange the canned salmon
  over the soft top of the omelette. Place the pan under the grill
  until omelette is set. Loosen the omelette in the pan and carefully
  fold in half: Slide the omelette onto a serving plate garnished with
  salad.
  
  Serves 1. Approx. 415 kcals per serving
  
  From: On the Wild Side - Alaska Canned Salmon Recipes Reprinted with
  permission from Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master
  compatible recipe format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA PAELLA
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    213 g  Canned red Alaska salmon
      2 tb Olive oil
      1    Garlic clove; crushed
      1 sm Onion; chopped
      1    Leek; cleaned and sliced
    100 g  Long grain rice
    100 g  Shelled prawns
    100 g  Mussels in brine; drained
           -OR-
    100 g  -Mussels in shells
    375 ml Vegetable or chicken stock
    1/2    Lemon; juiced
    1/2 ts Ground saffron; OR...
    1/2 ts -ground turineric
      2    Tomatoes; skinned,
           - de-seeded and chopped
     10    Whole cooked prawns
           Lemon slices to garnish
 
  [Saffron gives this dish its traditional Paella coloring. It is
  however, expensive. Turmeric can be used as a substitute.]
  
  Drain the can of salmon, reserving the juice. Set aside.
  
  Heat the oil in a large pan and cook the garlic, onion and leek for 5
  minutes. Stir in the rice, prawns, mussels, salmon juice, stock, lemon
  juice and saffron. Mix well, bring to the boil. Reduce the heat and
  simmer for 15-20 minutes or until the liquid is almost completely
  absorbed by the rice.
  
  Stir the tomatoes into the rice along with the salmon, broken into
  large flakes.
  
  Pile into a serving dish and decorate with the whole prawns and lemon
  slices. Serve immediately.
  
  Serves 2. Approx. 580 kcals per serving
  
  From: On the Wild Side - Alaska Canned Salmon Recipes Reprinted with
  permission from Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master
  compatible recipe format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA PATTIES
 Categories: Main dish, Fish, Kids
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    105 g  Canned pink Alaska salmon
     25 g  Cream or curd cheese
      2    Spring onions
           - finely chopped
    1/4    Red pepper; finely chopped
    200 g  Strong plain flour
      2    Eggs; beaten
      1 pn Salt
      2 ts Freshly chopped basil
    435 g  Canned tomato soup
     50 g  Cheddar cheese, grated
 
  Pre-heat oven to 375 F, 190 C, Gas mark 5.
  
  Drain the can of salmon. Flake the fish. Mix with the cheese, onions
  and red pepper. Set aside. Put the flour into a bowl, add the eggs,
  salt and basil. Mix well to form a soft dough. Divide into egg size
  pieces. Knead until smooth.
  
  Roll the dough pieces on a lightly floured board to a maximum 2mm /
  1/10 inch thick or roll each piece through a pasta maker reducing the
  setting to 5 or 6 over 3 or 4 rollings. Cut the pasta sheets into 3cm
  / 1 1/2 inch squares. Put salmon filling onto one corner of each
  square then fold in half diagonally to make a triangular "pattie".
  Dry on silicone paper for 1 hour before cooking, turning each pattie
  over after 30 minutes to dry undersides.
  
  Put the soup into a casserole dish and drop the salmon patties into
  it. Cover with a lid and cook in the oven for 30 minutes. Uncover and
  sprinkle with the cheese. Continue cooking for a further 10 minutes.
  Serve with salad.
  
  Serves 4. Approx. 390 kcals per serving
  
  From: On the Wild Side - Alaska Canned Salmon Recipes Reprinted with
  permission from Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master
  compatible recipe format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA SALMON & AVOCADO PASTA SALAD
 Categories: Fish/shellf, Pasta, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 oz Dry pasta (macaroni, penne,
           .  rotini, or shells)
      1 cn Alaska salmon (14 3/4 oz)
           .    * OR *
           . 2 - 7 1/2 oz cans
      2 tb French dressing
      1 bn Green onion; thinly sliced
      1    Red bell pepper; thinly
           .  sliced
      3 tb Cilantro or parsley; chopped
      2 tb Light mayonnaise
      1    Lime; juiced and rind grated
      1 tb Tomato paste
      3    Ripe avocados; diced
    1/2 c  Sour cream
           Lettuce leaves to serve on
           Paprika to taste
 
  Cook the pasta according to package directions.  Drain and toss with
  the French dressing.  Allow to cool. Drain and flake the salmon. Add
  to the pasta with the green onions, sliced bell pepper and cilantro.
  Whisk together the lime juice and grated rind, the mayonnaise, sour
  cream and tomato paste until thoroughly combined. Toss the pasta
  salad with the dressing.  Season to taste with salt and pepper; cover
  and chill. Before serving, gently toss the avocados into the salad.
  Spoon the salad onto a bed of lettuce leaves. Sprinkle with paprika
  for garnish. ** Dallas Morning News - Food section - 26 July 1995  **
  Posted by The WEE Scot -- Paul MacGregor
  
  From: Paul Macgregor                  Date: 08-17-95 Home-Cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA SALMON A LA RAINIER
 Categories: Fish/shellf
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6    (4 to 6 oz each) Alaska
           Salmon fillets, thawed
      1 cn (16 oz.) whole berry
           Cranberry sauce
    1/2 c  Cranberry juice cocktail
    1/4 c  Soy sauce
    1/4 c  Dry vermouth
      1 tb Minced garlic
      1 tb Brown sugar
  1 1/2 ts Grated fresh ginger root
      1 ts Asian sesame oil
           Vegetable oil, as needed
 
  Place salmon in a large, non-reactive pan or dish. Combine remaining
  ingredients except vegetable oil. Pour marinades over salmon, turning
  to coat both sides. Cover and marinate in the refrigerator, 1 hour.
  To cook, remove salmon from marinade, reserving marinade. Pat salmon
  dry with a paper towel. Heat small amount of oil in large skillet
  over medium-high heat. Cook salmon, working in batches if necessary,
  for 10 minutes per inch of thickness, measured at thickest part, or
  until salmon just flakes when tested with a fork. Remove salmon from
  pan and keep warm. Discard oil from pan. Add reserved marinade. Cook
  stirring occasionally, until sauce is thickened, 8-10 minutes. Serve
  salmon fillets with approximately 1/4 cup sauce per serving.
  
  From: Linda Magee
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA SALMON CHOWDER
 Categories: Soups, Fish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  7 1/2 oz Canned Alaska salmon
    1/2 c  Chopped onions
    1/2 c  Chopped celery
      1    Garlic clove; minced
      2 tb Margarine
      1 c  Diced potatoes
      1 c  Diced carrots
      2 c  Low salt chicken broth
    1/2 ts Thyme
    1/4 ts Black pepper
    1/2 c  Chopped broccoli
     13 oz Low-fat evaporated milk
     10 oz Frozen corn kernels; thawed
           Minced parsley
 
  Drain and flake salmon, reserving liquid. Saute onions, celery and
  garlic in margarine. Add potatoes, carrots, reserved salmon liquid,
  chicken broth and seasonings. Simmer, covered, 20 minutes, or until
  vegetables are nearly tender. Add broccoli and cook 5 minutes. Add
  flaked salmon, evaporated milk and corn; heat thoroughly. Sprinkle
  with minced parsley to serve.
  
  Nutrients Per Serving:
  
  Calories:               238 Protein: 15.6 g Fat-Total: 5.71 g
  Carbohydrates:          33 g Cholesterol: 21.9 mg Sodium: 552 mg
  Dietary Fiber:          4.26 g
  
  Source: Light & Lively Recipes Reprinted by permission of Alaska
  Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master compatible recipe format
  courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA SALMON SALAD SANDWICH
 Categories: Fish, Sandwich
      Yield: 6 Sandwiches
 
 15 1/2 oz Canned Alaska salmon
    1/3 c  Plain nonfat yogurt
    1/3 c  Chopped green onions
    1/3 c  Chopped celery
      1 tb Lemon juice
           Black pepper; to taste
     12 sl Bread
 
  Drain and flake salmon. Stir in remaining ingredients except pepper
  and bread. Season with pepper to taste. Spread salmon mixture on half
  of bread slices; top with remaining bread. Cut sandwiches into halves
  or quarters.
  
  Makes 6 sandwiches.
  
  Nutrients Per Serving:
  
  Calories:               264 Sodium: 713 mg Protein: 20.1 g Dietary
  Fiber: 1.48 g Carbohydrates: 29.6 g Fat-Total: 6.68 g Cholesterol:
  40.5 mg
  
  Source: Light & Lively Recipes Reprinted by permission of Alaska
  Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master compatible recipe format
  courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA SEAFOOD PIZZA
 Categories: Seafood, Easy, Kids
      Yield: 1 Pizza
 
      1 pk Pizza crust mix
           - (or make your own)
    3/4 c  Crab meat
    3/4 c  Tiny shrimp
    1/2 c  Crushed pineapple
      5    Mushrooms; sliced
  4 1/4 oz Canned sliced black olives
    1/4 c  Diced green pepper
      1 c  Mozzarella cheese, grated
      1 c  White cheddar cheese grated
 
  Spread pizza dough on to a pizza pan. Top with crab, shrimp,
  pineapple, mushrooms, olives, green pepper, mozzarella and cheddar
  cheese. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 30 minutes.
  
  Trinity, Haines, Alaska
  
  Source: Alaska Seafood Cookbook Reprinted by permission from the
  Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master compatible recipe
  format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA SEAFOOD TARTS
 Categories: Main dish, Fish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    418 g  Canned pink Alaska salmon
    350 g  Packet filo pastry
      3 tb Walnut oil
     15 g  Margarine
     25 g  Plain flour
      2 tb Greek yogurt
    175 g  Seafood sticks; chopped
           -(crab flavored)
     25 g  Walnuts, chopped
    100 g  Grated Parmesan
           -OR- grated Cheddar cheese
 
  Pre-heat oven to 80 C, 350 F, Gas mark 4. Lightly grease 8 individual
  pie dishes or ovenproof pudding bowls.
  
  Drain the can of salmon and make the juice up to 200ml / 7fl.oz. with
  water for fish stock. Flake the salmon. Set aside.
  
  Brush each individual sheet of filo pastry with oil and fold into
  sixteen 12.5cm / 5inch squares. Put one square into each pie dish
  leaving the pointed corners protruding over the edge. Brush with oil
  then put a second square of pastry onto the first, but with the
  corners pointing up in between the original ones to create a water
  lily effect. Brush the points well with oil then bake for 5 minutes
  to set but not brown. Take out of the oven.
  
  Reduce the oven temperature to 150 C, 300 F, Gas mark 2. Melt the
  margarine and stir in the flour. Blend in the fish stock, beating
  well to remove lumps. Stir the yogurt, seafood sticks, walnuts and
  flaked salmon into the sauce and divide equally between the 8 pastry
  cases.
  
  Sprinkle the breadcrumbs over the top then return to the oven to heat
  through for 5-8 minutes or until the cheese and pastry have turned
  golden brown. Serve immediately.
  
  From: On the Wild Side - Alaska Canned Salmon Recipes Reprinted with
  permission from Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master
  compatible recipe format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA SOURDOUGH PANCAKES
 Categories: Breads, Sourdough
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Sponge
      2 c  Flour
      2 c  Milk
      2    Eggs
      1 ts Soda
      3 tb Sugar
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Baking powder
 
    Put starter in large bowl. Add 2 cups flour and 2 cups milk. Mix
  well and cover. Leave in warm place overnight. Next morning take out
  1 cup starter. Leave room temperature 12 hours. To remaining sponge
  add 2 eggs, 1 tsp soda, 2 tb surgar, 1 ts salt, 2 tsp baking powder.
   Mix well. Cook on hot griddle.
    For smaller mixture take out 2 cups starter and use
      1/2    the ingredients.
  
  From good friend Marlene, New Years Eve, 1972 M.Diehl1 on Genie
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA SOUREST DOUGH
 Categories: Starter, Sourdough, Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 pk Yeast
  2 1/4 c  Warm water
      2 tb Sugar
      1 tb Vinegar
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Bread flour
 
        1
  
  Disolve yeast in 1/4 cup warm water. Add sugar vinegar,salt,all
  purpose flour. Add remaining water until a creamy batter is formed.
  Place in a glass bowl,cover and let sit until it starts to ferment.
  About 3 days. It will take on a powerful boozy smell. Stir again
  until creamy and measure out what is called for in the
  recipe.Replenish starter with equal amounts of flour and water. Store
  in the fridge and bring to room temp before using. It says to allow
  to ferment for one week between uses but I don't.I do let it sit out
  overnight after I feed it. This starter took about 1 1/2 months to
  become really sour.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA SWEET SEA PICKLES
 Categories: Condiments, Holidays
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 lb Bulb kelp
      1 c  Salt
      2 ga Water
    1/2 ts Alum
      2 qt Water
  3 1/2 c  Sugar
      1 pt White vinegar
    1/2 ts Oil of cloves
    1/2 ts Oil of cinnamon
 
  Cut kelp in 12 inch lengths and split bulbs.  Remove dark surface
  layer with a vegetable parer.  Soak 2 hours in brine solution
  prepared by dissolving 1 cup salt in 2 gallons water. Care must be
  taken to keep kelp covered with brine.  Remove kelp from brine and
  wash thoroughly with cold water.
  
  Cut kelp into 1 inch cubes and soak in alum solution (1/2 teaspoon
  alum to 2 quarts water) for 15 minutes. Drain and wash in cold water;
  drain again. Place in enamel kettle and cover with boiling water.
  Cook only until kelp can be pierced with a fork.  Drain.
  
  Combine sugar, vinegar and oils; boil 2 minutes; pour over cooked
  kelp. Let stand ovenight in an enamel kettle or crock. In the morning
  drain off syrup and reheat to boiling point. Pour back over kelp and
  allow to stand 24 hours.  The third morning, heat both kelp and syrup
  to boiling point. Pack in hot sterilized jars and seal while hot.
  
  NOTE:  The giant kelp is easily recognized by the floating bulb
  attached to a long, hollow stem rooted to the bottom of a shallow bay
  or channel. Gather during June, July and August when the kelp is in
  its prime. Use only the ones rooted to the bottom.  The kelp is
  washed, peeled and used the same as green tomatoes or cucumbers for
  pickles and relishes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKA VOL-AU-VENTS
 Categories: Appetizers, Fish, Party
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
    418 g  Canned Alaska salmon
           -(pink or red)
     24 ea Vol-au-vent cases
           -(pre-cooked, individual)
    250 g  Cucumber; peeled and diced
      1 ts Salt
    150 ml Mayonnaise
      4 tb Sour cream
           -OR- Greek yogurt
      2 ts Freshly chopped mint
 
  Drain the can of salmon. Flake the fish into a bowl and set aside.
  Scoop out the soft pastry from inside the vol- au-vent cases.
  
  Put the cucumber into another bowl and sprinkle with the salt. Allow
  to stand for 15 minutes then rinse thoroughly. Pat dry and mix into
  the salmon with the remaining ingredients. Pile equal amounts of the
  salmon filling into each vol-au-vent case and replace the lids. Serve
  garnished with salad.
  
  Makes 24. Approx. 140 kcals per serving
  
  From: On the Wild Side - Alaska Canned Salmon Recipes Reprinted with
  permission from Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master
  compatible recipe format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKAN BLUEBERRY COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Breads, Snacks
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
    3/4 c  Sugar
  2 1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
    3/4 c  Milk
      1    Egg
  1 1/2 c  Blueberries (I use fresh,
           -but imagine frozen would
           -work)
    1/3 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Brown sugar, firmly packed
    1/2 ts Cinnamon (or more to taste)
    1/4 c  Firm butter (1/2 stick)
 
  Appearing In: The American Country Inn and Bed & Breakfast Cookbook,
  Volume One. From: Heavenly View Bed and Breakfast, Anchorage, Alaska
  
  In a medium mixing bowl, blend together 1-1/2 cups flour, sugar,
  baking powder, salt, oil, milk, egg and 1 cup blueberries. Beat
  thoroughly for 30 seconds and spread in a greased round 9x1-1/2-inch
  pan or an 8x8x2-inch pan. Combine 1/3 cup flour, brown sugar,
  connamon and butter. Sprinkle over batter and top with the remaining
  berries. Bake in a 375 degree oven for 25 to 30 minutes, until done.
  Don't overbake. Serve warm with butter or honey. Serves 8.
  
  Sonya's note: If I remember correctly, this takes a bit longer to
  bake than what is in the instructions, but it is worth the wait!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKAN FISH BAKE
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Carrot,shredded
    1/2 c  Celery,finely chopped
    1/2 c  Onion,finely chopped
      1    Bouillon cube,chicken
  2 1/2 c  Water
    3/4 c  Rice,long-grain
      1 tb Margarine,unsalted
    1/3 c  Flour,all-purpose
    1/2 ts Garlic salt
    1/4 ts Dill weed
    1/4 ts Onion powder
      4    Salmon steaks,1/2" thick
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
 
  1. Gently boil carrot, celery, onion and bouillon in water in pot,
  covered, 10 minutes. Stir in rice and margarine. Simmer, covered, 20
  minutes (not all liquid will be absorbed). 2. Combine flour, garlic
  salt, dill and onion powder on waxed paper. Spread salmon on both
  sides with mayonnaise. Dip in flour mixture. Lightly brown steaks on
  both sides in ungresed skillet over medium heat. 3. Pour UNDRAINED
  rice mixture into shallow baking dish, about 11x7". Place steaks on
  top of rice mixture. 4. Bake, uncovered, in preheated hot oven
  (400'F) for 20-25 minutes or until fish is cooked through. Let stand
  5 minutes before serving. (Eve Engle, Palmer AR)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKAN SOURDOUGH FRUITCAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Golden, seedless, and puffed
           -seeded raisins, combined
      4 c  White flour
      1 ts Baking soda
  1 1/2 c  Dried currants
      1 ts Salt
      1 c  Plus 2 tb Blackberry Cordial
           -or other wine
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Cloves
      1 ts Allspice
      1 c  Alaskan Sourdough Starter
    1/2 ts Mace
      6 tb Butter
      3 c  Candied fruit; green and red
           -cherries, pineapple,
           -orange, citron and ging
      1 c  White sugar
      1 c  Brown sugar
      3    Eggs, well beaten
      1 c  Chopped nuts
      2 tb Grated lemon rind
 
  Soak raisins and currants in 1 cup wine overnight. Remove starter from
  refrigerator and set, tightly covered, in warm place overnight. It
  should be in at least a two cup container as it will just about
  double its volume overnight.  In the morning, cream butter with sugar
  and beat in eggs and lemon rind.  Drain wine from raisins into
  creamed mixture. Stir in starter and 3 cups of the flour sifted with
  the soda, salt and spices. Sprinkle the remaining 1 cup of flour over
  the fruit and nuts in a large bowl. Toss and shake until well-coated.
  Add to batter and mix thoroughly. Turn into loaf pans which have been
  generously buttered. Let stand in warm place for 30 minutes.  Bake in
  oven preheated to 300 with a pan of water on floor of oven and rack
  as near as possible in middle of oven. Bake about 2-1/2 hours for
  medium-sized loaves watching carefully to see that they do not brown
  to quickly. Test with toothpick. Remove from oven, turn pans on sides
  and allow to set for a few minutes before taking from pans. When cold
  drip 2 tbsp. of wine over each cake. As soon as it is absorbed, wrap
  tightly in cellophane freezer paper and store in refrigerator or
  freezer. They improve with age.
  
  From: Breads and Coffee Cakes with Homemade Starters Shared By: Pat
  Stockett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALASKAN'S TEMPTATION
 Categories: Fish, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    213 g  Canned pink Alaska salmon
    750 g  Old potatoes; thinly sliced
      1    Leek
           - washed and thinly sliced
    150 ml Skimmed milk
      2 tb Low fat fromage frais
      2 tb Sunflower oil
           Salt and pepper
     50 g  Cheddar cheese
 
  Preheat oven to 190 C; 375 F, Gas mark 5. Grease a shallow casserole
  dish. Drain can of salmon, flake and set aside.
  
  Arrange one third of potatoes and half of leeks in casserole dish.
  Add half the salmon then a further third of potatoes and remaining
  leeks and salmon. Sprinkle over the cheese and cover with remaining
  potato. Mix the milk, fromage frais and 1 tablespoon of oil. Season.
  Pour into casserole. Brush top layer with remaining oil, cover and
  bake for 45 minutes. Remove cover. Continue baking until brown.
  
  Serves 6. Approx. 260 kcals per serving
  
  From: On the Wild Side - Alaska Canned Salmon Recipes Reprinted with
  permission from Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute Meal-Master
  compatible recipe format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBACORE OR YELLOWFIN TUNA
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Vermouth
    1/2 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 ts Marjoram
    1/4 ts Rosemary
      1    Onion, chopped
    1/2    Celery, rib, chopped
      1    Bay leaves
  1 1/2 tb Parsley, fresh, chopped
      2 lb Tuna
  1 1/2 tb Butter
  1 1/2 tb Flour
 
  Combine vermouth, juice, roesmary, onion, clery, bayleaf, parslely in
  a bowl, Add fish. Marinate 5-6 hr. Put in casserole dish, add
  marinade, salt & pepper. Bake 400 covered 35 min. until flaky. In
  skillet melt butter, stir in flour, cook 2 min. Pour of liquid from
  casserole to pan. Cook 5 min. Pour over fish. Serve
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBACORE VEGETABLE PILAF
 Categories: Casseroles, Vegetables
      Yield: 68 Servings
 
      1 c  Uncooked white rice
    1/2 c  Each,diced red pepper, green
           Pepper, zucchini, broccoli
           Florets and corn  OR
  2 1/2 c  Thawed frozen vegetables
 14 1/2 oz Can chicken stock
    1/4 c  Water
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 c  Dairy sour cream
      1 ts Dill
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
     12 oz Can white tuna
    1/4 ts Garlic powder
 
  1. In heavy 1 1/2 qt. saucepan (with a tight lid) combine rice chicken
  stock, water, lemon juice, dill, salt, pepper and garlic powder.
  Bring to a boil, cover, reduce heat and simmer 20 minutes. 2. Stir in
  vegetables,cover and continue cooking 5 more minutes or until all the
  liquid is absorbed. 3. Blend in sour cream and Starkist Albacore.
  Serve hot or cold.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBANIAN BURGER STEAKS
 Categories: Meats, Main dish, L.a. times
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Ground beef
      1 ea Egg
    1/4 c  Onion, minced
    1/2 ts Black pepper
      1 x  Mint leaves
      2 ea Cloves garlic, minced
      2 ea Bread, soaked & squeezed
      2 ts Salt
      3 tb Minced mint leaves
 
       Times staff writer Rose Dosti's mother adapted Albanian flavor
  preferences to American hamburger with these results.
       Combine beef, garlic, egg, bread, onion, salt, pepper and mint.
  Shape into 4 oblong patties and fry 8 to 10 minutes on each side in
  lightly greased skillet. Serve on hot plates and garnish with
  additional mint leaves, if desired.
       Los Angeles Times
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBONDEGAS
 Categories: Soups, Meats
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     20    Beef consomme
      8 oz Tomato sauce
      2 c  Water
      4 md Potatoes-cut into 1" pieces
      4    Carrots-halved lengthwise &
           -cut into 1 1/2" pieces
      2    Stalks celery-cut into 1"
           -pieces
      2    Green onions sliced, garnish
 
  Combine first 3 ingredients - cover bring to a boil. Add potatoes and
  simmer 10 minutes. Drop in prepared meatballs (below) and carrots.
  Cook 10 minutes.  Add celery. Simmer until vegetables are tender
  10-15 minutes. Garnish with green onions.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBONDIGAS
 Categories: Beef, Pork, Main dish, Mexican
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Ground pork
    1/2 lb Ground beef
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Brown rice, uncooked
      1    Onion, diced fine
    1/2 ts Tomio (thyme)
      8 c  Water
      1    Tomato, chopped
      1    Clove garlic, diced
    1/2 c  Chili huerta
      2    Yerba buena
      1    Thick slice French bread
    1/2 ts Comino (cumin)
      2    Carrots, sliced thin
      1 c  Peas, fresh or frozen
 
  Mix pork, beef, egg, rice, 1/2 of onion, and tomio together; make into
  small balls. Bring water to boil and add balls; simmer at low boil
  for 1 hour. Add tomato, garlic, chili, and rest of chopped onion; let
  simmer 35 minutes. Add yerba buena and simmer 10 minutes. Soak french
  bread in small amount of soup broth until very soft. Place in blender
  with comino; chop together; add to soup. Next add carrots and peas;
  simmer until vegetables are tender. Serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBONDIGAS (SPANISH)
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Pork, ground
    1/2 lb Beef, ground
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Rice, brown; uncooked
      1    Onion, diced fine
    1/2 ts Thyme
      8 c  ;Water
      1    Tomato; chopped
      1    Garlic clove; diced
    1/2 c  Chile huerta
      2    Yerba buena, sprig
      1 sl French bread; thick
    1/2 ts Cumin
      2    Carrot; sliced thin
      1 c  Peas, fresh or frozen
 
  Mix pork, beef, egg, rice, 1/2 of onion, and tomio together; make into
  small balls.  Bring water to boil and add balls; simmer at low boil
  for 1 hour.  Add tomato, garlic, chili, and rest of chopped onion;
  let simmer 35 minutes.  Add yerba buena and simmer 10 minutes. Soak
  French bread in small amount of soup broth until very soft. Place in
  blender with comino; chop together; add to soup.  Next add carrots
  and peas; simmer until vegetables are tender.  Serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBONDIGAS EN SALSA CHIPOTLE [MEATBALLS IN CH
 Categories: Favorites, Peppers, Appetizers, Hamburger, Cp 12/94
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------------MEATBALLS------------------------------
    1/2 lb Beef, ground finely
    1/2 lb Pork, ground finely
    1/3 c  Onions, finely chopped
      2 tb Flour
      1 tb Cilantro, fresh minced
    1/2 ts Oregano, dried
    1/4 ts Cumin, ground
      1    Egg, beaten
      3 tb Vegatable oil

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      1 tb Vegatable oil
      1    Onion, chopped
      2    Garlic cloves, chopped
      1 c  Tomato sauce
      2    Chipotles, canned in adobo
           -sauce, stemmed and chopped
      2 tb Adobo sauce (from chiles)
    1/2 c  Beef broth

MMMMM-----------------------TORTILLA CUPS----------------------------
      6    Flour tortillas (6 inch)
           Vegatable oil for frying
           Chopped lettuce
 
  MEATBALLS: Combine all the meatball ingredients, except the oil, and
  mix well. Form into 1 1/2-inch balls. Brown the meatballs in the oil,
  remove, and keep warm. SAUCE: To make the sauce, add the oil to the
  pan and saute the onion and garlic until soft. Add the remaining
  sauce ingredients, bring to a boil, reduce the heat, and simmer for
  15 to 20 minutes until the sauce is thickened. Place the sauce in a
  blender or food processor and puree until smooth. Return the sauce to
  the pan, add the meatballs, and heat through. TORTILLA CUPS: To make
  the tortilla cups, pour the oil to a depth of 3 inches and heat to
  375 degrees.  Place a tortilla in the oil and let it float for a
  couple of seconds. Press the center into the oil with a can or ladle
  to form a bowl and fry until crisp, remove, and drain. To serve,
  place the lettuce in each of the tortilla cups, top with the
  albondigas, and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBONDIGAS MEAT BALLS
 Categories: Beef, Pork
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Beef, lean, ground
    1/3 lb Pork sausage
    1/2 c  Cornmeal
    1/4 c  Milk, whole
      1 lg Eggs
      1 sm Onion; minced
      1    Garlic clove; minced
    1/2 ts Basil leaves, dried; crumbl
           -ed
 
    Mix together until well blended lean beef, pork sausage, cornmeal,
  milk, egg, onion, garlic and basil.
    Shape the mixture into about 3/4-inch balls.  If making ahead,
  return the meatballs to bowl, cover, and chill up to 4 hours.
    Adapted from Sunset Best of the West, Spring/Summer 1993.
  Downloaded from Food & Wine Round Table of GEnie. CompuChef
  conversion by Rick Weissgerber, MM/reposted by DonW1948@aol.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBONDIGAS SOUP
 Categories: Soups/stews, Hamburger, Mexican, Beef
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      3 qt Regular-strength beef broth
      1 lg Can (28 oz.) crushed
           -tomatoes
      1 lg Can (7 oz.) diced green
           -chiles
      1 lg (about 1/2-lb.) onion,
           -chopped
  1 1/2 ts Crumbled dried basil leaves
  1 1/2 ts Crumbled dried oregano
           -leaves
    1/2    To 1 tsp. liquid hot pepper
           -seasoning
    1/2 c  Long-grain white rice
           Meatballs (recipe follows)
    1/2 c  Minced fresh cilantro
           -(coriander)
           Cilantro sprigs (optional)
           Salt and pepper
           In a 6- to 8-quart pan,
           -combine broth, tomatoes and
           -their
           Liquid, chiles, onion,
           -basil, oregano, and hot
           -pepper
           Seasoning to taste.  Bring
           -to a boil over high heat.
           Add rice; cover and simmer
           -15 minutes.  Add meatballs;
           Cover and simmer until
           -meatballs are not pink in
           -the
           Center (cut to test), 10 to
           -15 minutes longer.  Stir
           In the minced cilantro.
           Ladle into bowls and garnish
           -with cilantro sprigs.  Add
           Salt and pepper to taste.
           -Makes about 5 quarts, 10 to
     12    Servings.
 
  MEATBALLS:  In a large bowl, mix together until well blended 1 pound
  GROUND LEAN BEEF; 1/3 pound BULK PORK SAUSAGE; 1/2 cup CORNMEAL; 1/4
  cup MILK; 1 large EGG; 1 small (about 6 oz.) ONION, minced; 1 clove
  GARLIC, pressed or minced; and 1/2 teaspoon crumbled DRIED BASIL
  LEAVES.
  
  Shape the mixture into about 3/4-inch balls.  If making ahead, return
  the meatballs to bowl, cover, and chill up to 4 hours.
  
  FROM:  Sunset Best of the West, Spring/Summer 1993 Originally Posted
  on GEnie by: Debbie Applebury (J.APPLEBURY)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBONDIGAS SOUP #1
 Categories: Beef, Pork
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      3 qt Regular-strength beef broth
      1 lg Can (28 oz.) crushed
           -tomatoes
      1 lg Can (7 oz.) diced green
           -chiles
      1 lg (about 1/2-lb.) onion,
           -chopped
  1 1/2 ts Crumbled dried basil leaves
  1 1/2 ts Crumbled dried oregano
           -leaves
    1/2    To 1 tsp. liquid hot pepper
           -seasoning
    1/2 c  Long-grain white rice
           Meatballs (recipe follows)
    1/2 c  Minced fresh cilantro
           -(coriander)
           Cilantro sprigs (optional)
           Salt and pepper
           In a 6- to 8-quart pan,
           -combine broth, tomatoes and
           -their
           Liquid, chiles, onion,
           -basil, oregano, and hot
           -pepper
           Seasoning to taste.  Bring
           -to a boil over high heat.
           Add rice; cover and simmer
           -15 minutes.  Add meatballs;
           Cover and simmer until
           -meatballs are not pink in
           -the
           Center (cut to test), 10 to
           -15 minutes longer.  Stir
           In the minced cilantro.
           Ladle into bowls and garnish
           -with cilantro sprigs.  Add
           Salt and pepper to taste.
           -Makes about 5 quarts, 10 to
     12    Servings.
 
  MEATBALLS:  In a large bowl, mix together until well blended 1 pound
  GROUND LEAN BEEF; 1/3 pound BULK PORK SAUSAGE; 1/2 cup CORNMEAL; 1/4
  cup MILK; 1 large EGG; 1 small (about 6 oz.) ONION, minced; 1 clove
  GARLIC, pressed or minced; and 1/2 teaspoon crumbled DRIED BASIL
  LEAVES.
  
  Shape the mixture into about 3/4-inch balls.  If making ahead, return
  the meatballs to bowl, cover, and chill up to 4 hours.
  
  FROM:  Sunset Best of the West, Spring/Summer 1993 Originally Posted
  on GEnie by: Debbie Applebury (J.APPLEBURY)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBUQUERQUE CORN SOUP
 Categories: Soups/stews
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Butter
  3 1/2 c  Corn cut from the cob
      1    Clove garlic
      1 c  Chicken broth
      2 c  Milk
      1 ts Dry oregano
      4 oz Green chiles
      1 c  Monterey Jack cheese
           Salt
 
  Melt butter in a 5-6 qt pan over medium heat. Add corn and garlic;
  cook, stirring until corn is hot and darker golden (about 2 min.)
  Remove from heat.  Whirl broth and 2 c of the corn in a blender or
  food processor until pureed; return to pan. Stir in milk, oregano,
  and chiles. Bring to a boil stirring over medium heat. Remove from
  heat. Stir in cheese. Season to taste with salt, and enjoy. Makes 6
  servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALBUQUERQUE CORN-BREAD STUFFING
 Categories: Side dish, Jaw
      Yield: 12 Cups
 
      2 c  Yellow cornmeal
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Buttermilk
    1/2 c  Butter
      1    Can cream-style corn
      8 oz Shredded Monterey Jack
           Cheese (2 cups)
      2    Cans chopped green chiles
      4 lg Eggs, beaten lightly
    1/2 c  Chicken broth
 
  Prepare corn bread: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease 13x9 metal
  baking pan or deep 12 inch skillet with oven safe handle.
  
  In large bowl, with spoon, mix cornmeal, baking powder, baking soda,
  and solt. Stir in buttermilk and remaining ingredients except chicken
  broth and mix until thoroughly blended. Pour batter into baking pan.
  
  Bake corn bread 60 to 65 minutes until top is browned and toothpick
  inserted in center comes out clean. Cool corn bread in pan on wire
  rack. (If not making stuffing right away, cover and reserve corn
  bread up to 2 days.)
  
  Prepare stuffing: Into large bowl, crumble corn bread. Drizzle with
  chicken broth; toss to mix well. Use to stuff 12 to 16 lb turkey. Or,
  spoon into 13x9 glass baking dish, cover with foil and bake in
  preheated 325 degree oven 45 minutes or until heated through.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALDER CONE SMOKED GROUSE W/ FERN ROOT GLAZE & SALAL SAUCE
 Categories: Game, Native, Canadian, Sauces, Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Licorice fern root
      2 tb Gewurztraminer icewine
    3/4 c  Water
      3 c  Dried alder cones
      2    Wild grouse breasts, bone in
           -and skinless
           Juniper & Salal Berry Sauce:
  1 1/3 c  Water
  1 1/2 c  B.C. Pinot Blanc wine
  3 1/2 c  Salal Berries
  1 1/2 tb Maple syrup
  1 1/2 tb Black peppercorns
      8    Juniper berries
  1 1/2 tb Balsamic vinegar
 
  Recipe from Northern Bounty: A Celebration of Canadian Cuisine. The
  ISBN is 0-394-22431-0. Recipe by Sinclair Philip, owner of the Sooke
  Harbour House on Vancouver Island.  Sinclair believes in local
  ingredients, freshness and learning about and using wild ingredients
  from the native peoples. His restaurant has vegetable and herb
  gardens full of plants transplanted from the bush for use in the
  kitchen. At Sooke, chefs prepare this dish with a salad of foraged
  wild greens and flowers: amaranth, chicory, chickweed, lamb's
  quarters, orache, shepherd's purse, and sorrel.
  
  Alder: a deciduous tree, member of the birch family with woody cone
  like fruits. Common in swamps and mountainous areas. [ I am going to
  try black spruce cones- our commonest local tree. (Update: this was a
  terrible idea- bitter tarry smoked taste) If that doesn't work I can
  fall back on store bought fruit wood chips or do a Chinese Tea
  Smoke.- JW]
  
  Licorice Fern: I have no idea what it's geographic range is or what
  flavor it's root would impart. Based on it's name I am going to try
  diced Fennel bulb, Fennel seed or a _wee_ bit of Star Anise stewed in
  Port instead.-JW
  
  Salal Berries: Salal is a low [up to 2 meter] evergreen shrub of the
  Heath family native to California, B.C. and Alaska with white to pink
  urn shaped flowers and round purple berries which turn black. [There
   are none locally so I will be experimenting with cranberries or
  black currants.- JW]
  
  Directions:
  
  In a small covered sauce pan, gently simmer fern root in icewine and
  water for 20 min. Pour into a glass jar, seal and let stand at room
  temp for 12 hours. Strain into a small saucepan and boil, uncovered,
  on high until reduced to a thick syrup. Set aside.
  
  Heat alder cones in a large aluminum foil lined sauce pan over high
  heat until they smoulder. Reduce heat to low; place grouse breasts
  directly on top of the smouldering cones. Lightly brush the breasts
  with the fern root glaze; cover pan tightly. Smoke breasts for 3
  hours or until cooked but not dry. Remove the meat from the bone and
  serve with Juniper-Salal Berry Sauce.
  
  For the sauce: Pour 1 cup water and the wine into the bottom of a per-
  forated double boiler. Place the salal berries in the top section.
  Cover; simmer gently for two hours. Gently press berries with a
  rubber spatula to extract remaining juice. Discard berries; reserving
  syrup in the bottom of the double boiler.
  
  To the salal syrup, add the maple syrup, peppercorns, juniper berries,
  remaining water and balsamic vinegar. Bring to the boil and
  immediately remove from the heat; let stand an hour before returning
  to the heat. Cook, uncovered, until slightly thickened. Refrigerate
  until needed.
  
  posted by Jim Weller
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALE BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Medieval
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      2 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ds Salt
     12 oz Ale
      1    Scallion; handful, chopped
      1    Cheese; handful, grated
 
  Stir flour, salt, and baking powder together.  Add beer. Stir in green
  onions and cheese, if desired. Knead dough briefly, adding more flour
  if sticky. Shape into a round loaf and place in a greased pie pan or
  on a greased cookie sheet.  Bake at 375 F. for 30 minutes, until
  golden brown or until loaf sounds hollow when tapped.
  
                                George Stojcevic
                                (Lord Pyotr, Barony of Bryn Gwlad)
  Submitted By SAM WARING <SAM.WARING@382-91-12.IMA.INFOMAIL.COM> On
  WED, 01 NOV 1995 111954 GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALEECHA
 Categories: Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Onion; sliced
     10 cl Garlic; sliced thin
      2 c  Carrots; sliced thin
      1 c  Water
      3 tb Corn oil
      1 ts Tumeric; ground
      1 ea Fresh hot green peppers
           -halved, to 3 peppers
      1 lb Cabbage; coarsely sliced
      1 ts Queman; see note
      1 tb Tomato paste
      1 ts Salt; to taste
      1 lb Potatoes; cut like french
           -fries
 
  Aleecha is a mixed vegetable stew. Quemam contains an ingredient not
  found in the US. I'd substitute dry berebere. In dry pan over
  moderate low heat, stir fry onion, garlic, and carrots for 2 mins.
  Add 1/2c of the water and cook  5 mins longer. Add the oil and
  continue to simmer.
  
  Add the tumeric, chilies, and cabbage.  Cover the pan and steam to
  reduce the bulk for 2 mins.  Stir well and add the quemam, tomato
  paste, salt and the potatoes.
  
  Cover the pan and cook for 5 mins.  Add the remaining water and
  simmer for 5 minutes more to soften the potatoes and thicken the
  sauce somewhat.
  
  Serve at room temperature with Injeera.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALEECHA (MIXED VEGETABLE STEW)
 Categories: Vegetables, Ethiopia, Update
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------YIELD: 6 SERVINGS--------------------------
    1/2 c  Onion; slice
     10 cl Garlic; slice thin
      2 c  Carrots; slice thin
      1 c  Water
      3 ea Tb Corn oil
      1 ts Ground Tumeric
      1 ea Fresh hot green peppers;
           -halve to 3 peppers
      1 lb Cabbage; chop coarse
 
  I'd substitute dry berebere. In dry pan over moderate low heat, stir
  fry onion, garlic, and carrots for 2 mins. Add 1/2c of the water and
  cook 5 mins longer. Add the oil and continue to simmer. Add the
  tumeric, chilies, and cabbage. Cover the pan and steam to reduce the
  bulk for 2 mins. Stir well and add the quemam, tomato paste, salt and
  the potatoes. Cover the pan and cook for 5 mins. Add the remaining
  water and simmer for 5 minutes more to soften the potatoes and
  thicken the sauce somewhat. Serve at room temperature with Injeera.
  ++++-
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALEECHA (VEGETABLE STEW)
 Categories: Soups/stews, Vegetables, Ethiopia, Update
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lg Onions, sliced
  1 1/2 lb Potatoes, cut into chunks
      1 ea Cabbage, cut into eigths
    1/2 ea Head cauliflower, break
           -into pieces
           4-5 carrots, cut into 1/2
           -inch pieces
    1/4 lb Butter, seasoned
      1 tb Curry powder
           Boil the cabbage.
           Fry the onions in the
           -butter until translucent
           Add curry powder, cook for
           -one minute
 
  add 1/4 cup water to the onion mixture, cook for 5 minutes add
  carrots and potatoes and cook 15 minutes add cauliflower, cook 5
  minutes add cabbage, cook for 15 minutes serves 8 ALECHA - Vegetable
  Stew
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALEHOUSE BRISKET
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 lb Beef brisket
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1    Envelope dry onion soup mix
      1 c  Water
    1/3 c  Ketchup
      1 c  Beer
      1 tb Flour
 
    Place meat in roasting pan and brown uncovered in oven. Season meat
  with pepper.  Dissolve onion soup mix in water. Mix ketchup and beer
  together and add to soup mixture. Pour mixture over meat. Cover pan
  with foil and roast for 2 hours or until tender.
    Add flour to 1/4 cup pan drippings to make a paste.
   Stir paste into gravy in pan.  to make a thicker gravy, add more
  flour. Return pan to oven and continue roasting for an additional 30
  minutes. Slice meat across grain and serve with gravy.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALEKSANDER TORTE / RASPBERRY-FILLED PASTRY ST
 Categories: Cakes, Cookies
      Yield: 48 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Unsalted butter, chilled and
           Cut into bits
  3 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
      3 tb Sugar
      1    Egg
  1 1/2 c  Raspberry preserves (12 oz)
      2 tb Soft butter
      2 c  Confectioner's sugar
    1/4 c  Cold water
      2 ts Lemon juice
 
  In a large mixing bowl, combine the chilled butter, 3 cups of the
  flour and the sugar and, with your fingertips, rub until the mixture
  resembles flakes of coarse meal. Beat in the egg and continue to mix
  until the pastry is smooth.  Shape it into a ball, wrap it in wax
  paper, and refrigerate 1 hour, or until the dough is form.
  
  With the back of a spoon, rub the preserves through a fine sieve set
  over a 1-quart saucepan, then cook over moderate heat, stirring
  constantly, for 3 to 5 minutes, or until they thicken into a thin
  puree. Set aside off the heat.
  
  Preheat the oven to 250F.  Cut the chilled pastry in half and shape
  each half into a rectangle.  One half at a time, roll the pastry
  between two sheets of lightly floured wax paper into a rectangle
  approximately 10 inches wide and 15 inches long.  With a pastry
  brush, coat each of 2 cookie sheets with 1 tablespoon of butter and
  sprinkle them with flour, tipping the sheets from side to side to
  coat them evenly. Then invert the sheets and tap them against a hard
  surface to dislodge any excess flour. Peel off the top sheets of wax
  paper and use the bottom ones to lift the 2 rectangles of pastry onto
  the 2 cookie sheets. Peel off the remaining sheets of wax paper. Bake
  40 minutes, or until the pastry begins to turn a pale gold.  Watch
  carefully for any sign of burning and regulate the heat accordingly.
  
  With a metal spatula, spread the raspberry puree evenly over one
  sheet of the pastry, covering it completely and smoothly. Slide the
  second sheet of pastry gently onto the first.
  
  With a spoon stir the sugar, water and lemon juice together in a large
  mixing bowl to form a thin paste. Spread the icing over the top layer
  of pastry with the spatula, and set the cake aside to cool to room
  temperature.  With a small, sharp knife or pastry wheel, slice the
  Aleksander Torte into strips 1 inch wide and 2 inches long, cutting
  the ends on the diagonal.
  
  Recipe By     : Time-Life Foods of the World (Russian Cooking)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALEXANDER ESPRESSO
 Categories: Beverages, Cocktails
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 c  Cold water
      2 tb Ground espresso coffee
    1/2 ea Cinnamon stick (3" long)
      4 ts Creme de cacao
      2 ts Brandy
      2 tb Whipping cream, chilled
      1 ea Grated semisweet chocolate
 
  Make espresso with water and coffee.  Break cinnamon stick into small
  pieces and add to hot espresso. Allow to cool slightly. Add creme de
  cacao and brandy, and stir gently. Pour into demitasse cups. Whip the
  cream, and float a dollop on top of each cup.  Garnish with grated
  chocolate or chocolate curls. Multiply proportions by six and it's
  perfect for a party. Serves 2
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALEXANDRIAN CUMIN BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Unbleached, all-purpose
           Flour
      1 pk Dried yeast
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Cumin seed, ground
      1 c  Plus 3 oz. lukewarm water
 
     1) Place the flour, yeast, salt, and ground cumin in a large mixing
  bowl.  Blend well.  Add the water and mix the dough for 2-3 minutes,
  until all the water is absorbed and evenly distributed. The dough
  will be damp and very sticky, but no internal dry areas should appear
  by the end of the mixing.  If they do, mix a few minutes more, or add
  a little more water and mix again.
  
     2) Let the dough rest 5 minutes.  Now sprinkle 1 or 2 tbsps. flour
  over the dough and knead, either in the bowl or on a lightly floured
  surface for 5-10 minutes, until the dough is smooth and elastic and
  only slightly sticky.  Add more flour if needed (e.g. in humid
  weather). Let the dough rest for 2 minutes more.
  
     3) The dough should now be very smooth and easy to handle. Knead 30
  seconds more, return the dough to the bowl, cover the bowl with a dish
  towel or large plate, and let rise at room temperature for at least 3
  hours; the dough should almost triple in size.
  
     4) Flour the top of the dough lightly, punch it down, and remove
  the dough from the mixing bowl.  Form the dough into a rectangular
  loaf and place in a well greasad loaf pan, 9-1/4 in. by 5-1/4 in. by
  2-3/4 in. Cover with a towel and let rise 1 hr., until nicely risen.
  
     5) Bake in a preheated 400 degree oven for 35 minutes, until
  browned on top; the bottom of the bread should sound hollow when
  tapped with the finger.  Let the bread cool, then serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFIE & ARCHIE'S DOG BISCUITS
 Categories: Animal
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
    1/2 c  Powdered dry milk
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
      1 ts Brown sugar
      6 tb Meat drippings
      1 ea Beaten egg
    1/2 c  Ice water
 
  1.  Preheat oven to 350.  Lightly oil a cookie sheet. Combine flour,
  dry milk, salt, garlic powder and sugar. Cut in meat drippings until
  mixture resembles corn meal. Mix in egg. Add enough water so that
  mixture forms a ball.  Using your fingers, pat out dough onto cookie
  sheet to half inch thick.  Cut with cookie cutter or knife and remove
  scraps. Scraps can be formed again and baked. 2. Bake 25-30 minutes.
  Remove from tray and cool on rack.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFIE & ARCHIE'S DOG BISCUITS
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
    1/2 c  Powdered dry milk
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
      1 ts Brown sugar
      6 tb Meat drippings
      1 ea Beaten egg
    1/2 c  Ice water
 
  1.  Preheat oven to 350.  Lightly oil a cookie sheet. Combine flour,
  dry milk, salt, garlic powder and sugar. Cut in meat drippings until
  mixture resembles corn meal. Mix in egg. Add enough water so that
  mixture forms a ball.  Using your fingers, pat out dough onto cookie
  sheet to half inch thick.  Cut with cookie cutter or knife and remove
  scraps. Scraps can be formed again and baked. 2.  Bake 25-30 minutes.
   Remove from tray and cool on rack. from: _Cookiemania_
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFIE & ARCHIE'S DOG BISCUITS
 Categories: Pets
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
    1/2 c  Powdered dry milk
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
      1 ts Brown sugar
      6 tb Meat drippings
      1    Beaten egg
    1/2 c  Ice water
 
  1.  Preheat oven to 350.  Lightly oil a cookie sheet. Combine flour,
  dry milk, salt, garlic powder and sugar. Cut in meat drippings until
  mixture resembles corn meal. Mix in egg. Add enough water so that
  mixture forms a ball.  Using your fingers, pat out dough onto cookie
  sheet to half inch thick.  Cut with cookie cutter or knife and remove
  scraps. Scraps can be formed again and baked.
  
  2.  Bake 25-30 minutes.  Remove from tray and cool on rack.
  
  from:  _Cookiemania_
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFIE & ARCHIE'S GARLIC TREATS
 Categories: Animal, Cookies
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
    1/2 c  Powdered dry milk
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
      1 ts Brown sugar
      6 tb Meat drippings
      1    Beaten egg
    1/2 c  Ice water
 
  1.  Preheat oven to 350.  Lightly oil a cookie sheet. Combine flour,
  dry milk, salt, garlic powder and sugar. Cut in meat drippings until
  mixture resembles corn meal. Mix in egg. Add enough water so that
  mixture forms a ball.  Using your fingers, pat out dough onto cookie
  sheet to half inch thick.  Cut with cookie cutter or knife and remove
  scraps. Scraps can be formed again and baked. 2. Bake 25-30 minutes.
  Remove from tray and cool on rack. from: _Cookiemania_
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFIE & ARCHIE'S GARLIC TREATS
 Categories: Pets
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
    1/2 c  Powdered dry milk
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
      1 ts Brown sugar
      6 tb Meat drippings
      1    Beaten egg
    1/2 c  Ice water
 
  1.  Preheat oven to 350.  Lightly oil a cookie sheet. Combine flour,
  dry milk, salt, garlic powder and sugar. Cut in meat drippings until
  mixture resembles corn meal. Mix in egg. Add enough water so that
  mixture forms a ball.  Using your fingers, pat out dough onto cookie
  sheet to half inch thick.  Cut with cookie cutter or knife and remove
  scraps. Scraps can be formed again and baked. 2. Bake 25-30 minutes.
  Remove from tray and cool on rack. from: _Cookiemania_
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO
 Categories: Pasta, Sauces, Cheese
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Butter
      2 c  Heavy Cream
        pn Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
    3/4 c  Grated Parmesan Cheese
      1 lb Cooked Fettuccine
 
  Combine butter, cream, nutmeg, salt and pepper in skillet. Bring to
  boil; reduce heat and simmer 4 minutes. Toss with cheese and cooked
  pasta.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Pasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 tb Butter
    1/2 c  Heavy cream
      6 tb Parmesan cheese
      1 tb Flour
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
  Combine ingredients in saucepan, cook & stir (DO NOT BOIL!) until it
  looks and feels like Alfredo sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO SAUCE  (HEAVY CREAM)
 Categories: Sauces, Pasta
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Butter or margarine
      1 sm Onion, thinly sliced
      4 c  Whipping cream
      2 tb Parmesan cheese
      1 ts Fresh grated nutmeg
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
 
  Heat margarine in skillet, over medium heat. Saute onion until
  tender. Stir in whipping cream, heat to boiling. Stir in remaining
  ingredients. Reduce heat to low. Cover and simmer for 30 minutes,
  Stirring often. Makes about 3 1/2 cups. Serve with up to 6 servings
  of hot fettucini. (6 servings = 12 oz dry pasta or 2 oz. per serving).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO SAUCE  (LIGHT CREAM)
 Categories: Sauces, Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Cheese, parmesan
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Light cream
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ds Pepper
 
  Start cooking noodles as package directs. Over a low heat, melt
  butter and cream in a saucepan. Stir in cheese, parsley, salt and
  pepper. Reduce heat to low. Drain noodles and pour in serving dish.
  Pour in sauce and stir gently until noodles are coated.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO SAUCE  (LOWFAT)
 Categories: Sauces, Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Skimmed milk
    1/2 c  Lowfat cottage cheese
      1 tb Cornstarch
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Garlic powder
    1/2 c  Parmesan cheese
 
  Place all ingredients in a blender or food processor and blend until
  smooth. Pour mixture into a small saucepan and cook over medium heat
  until heated through and smooth, stirring occasionally. Serve with
  hot, cooked fettucini. Makes 4 serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO SAUCE #2
 Categories: Pasta, Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Lowfat cottage cheese
      2    Cloves garlic, minced
      2 tb All-purpose flour
      1 ts Lemon juice
      1 ts Dried basil
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
    1/2 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Salt
      8 oz Pasta, cooked and drained
      1    Whole tomato, seeded and
           -chopped
 
  In blender or food processor, process cottage cheese and garlic until
  smooth. Add flour, lemon juice, basil, mustard, pepper, and salt, if
  desired. Process until well blended. Pour into a saucepan. Cook over
  medium heat until thickened. Do not boil! Serve over pasta; sprinkle
  with chopped tomatoes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO SAUCE (OVO LACTO
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 qt Non-fat Milk
      1 tb Garlic Salt
      2 tb Molly McButter
    1/4 c  Arrowroot Starch
    1/4 c  Water
      1 c  Shredded Non-fat Mozzarella
           Cheese
           To taste  Salt
           To taste  White Pepper
 
  Combine all ingredients except for the starch, cheese and water and
  put into a sauce pan and bring to a boil. Blend together the
  arrowroot and cold water then add slowly to the sauce, stirring
  constantly. Let sauce simmer for 2 minutes.  Remove from heat. Slowly
  add and blend in the cheese.
  
  Makes 4-6 servings.
  
  Posted by Doug Robinson <dougr@netcom.com> to Fatfree Digest [Volume
  13 Issue 12] Dec. 12, 1994. FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by
  Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO SAUCE OVER FETTUCCINE
 Categories: Pasta
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     12 oz Fettucine; uncooked, FF
           -or 16 ozs fresh, FF
           Dry white wine
      3 lg Garlic cloves; minced
    1/4 c  Red bell pepper; fine chop
    1/4 c  Green onions; slice
    1/4 c  Parsley; fresh, chop, or-
           -1 tb dry
      1 tb Flour
     12 oz Evaporated skim milk
    1/2 ts Basil leaves
    1/4 ts Oregano leaves
    1/4 c  Nutritional yeast; parmesan
 
  Recipe by: Fast and Healthy, Sep/Oct 1994 Cook fettuccine to desired
  doneness as directed on the package. Drain; keep warm. Meanwhile,
  saute garlic in wine ; cook for 1 minute. Add bell pepper, onions,
  parsley and flour; cook and stir for 1 minute. Gradually stir in milk
  until blended. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook for 3 to 5
  minutes, or until sauce boils and thickens, stirring frequently.
  Remove from heat; stir in basil and oregano. Add cooked fettuccini;
  toss gently to coat. Sprinkle with nutritional yeast.
  
  Nutrition Analysis:  310 calories, 15g protein, 50g carbohydrate, 2g
  dietary fiber, 0g fat, 59mg cholesterol, 180mg sodium. Dietary
  Exchanges: 3 1/2 Starch, 1 Fat.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO SAUCE OVER FETTUCCINE FF
 Categories: Pasta, Sauces, Low fat
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     12 oz Fettucine; uncooked, FF
           -or 16 ozs fresh, FF
           Dry white wine
      3 lg Garlic cloves; minced
    1/4 c  Red bell pepper; fine chop
    1/4 c  Green onions; slice
    1/4 c  Parsley; fresh, chop, or-
           -1 tb dry
      1 tb Flour
     12 oz Evaporated skim milk
    1/2 ts Basil leaves
    1/4 ts Oregano leaves
    1/4 c  Nutritional yeast; parmesan
 
  Recipe by: Fast and Healthy, Sep/Oct 1994 Cook fettuccine to desired
  doneness as directed on the package. Drain; keep warm. Meanwhile,
  saute garlic in wine ; cook for 1 minute. Add bell pepper, onions,
  parsley and flour; cook and stir for 1 minute. Gradually stir in milk
  until blended. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook for 3 to 5
  minutes, or until sauce boils and thickens, stirring frequently.
  Remove from heat; stir in basil and oregano. Add cooked fettuccini;
  toss gently to coat. Sprinkle with nutritional yeast.
  
  Nutrition Analysis:  310 calories, 15g protein, 50g carbohydrate, 2g
  dietary fiber, 0g fat, 59mg cholesterol, 180mg sodium. Dietary
  Exchanges: 3 1/2 Starch, 1 Fat.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO'S NOODLES *** (PKFR67A)
 Categories: Main dish, Pasta, Italian, Party, Holiday
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Fettuccine
  1 1/2 c  Sliced mushrooms
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Oregano
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
    1/2 c  Light cream
    1/4 c  Grated mozarella
    1/4 c  FRESH grated Romano
 
  Melt butter in a small saucepan.  Add mushrooms, salt, pepper,
  oregano and garlic.  Saute for five minutes.
   Add cream and cook for two minutes, stirring occasionally. Drain
  fettuccine and place in a warm bowl. Add hot sauce and both cheeses
  and toss gently.
   Serves 4.   (more on the next page)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDO-STYLE SAUCE
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Nonfat cottage cheese
      3 tb Freshly grated Parmesan
           Cheese
      2 tb Butter Buds=AE powdered
           Butter substitute -- or
           Othe=
 
  				 1/2 cup evaporated skim milk 1/2 teaspoon chicken bouillon 1/2
  teaspoon      dried basil 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
  cayenne ~- to taste
  
  Combine all ingredients in container of an electric blender; process
  until smooth, stopping once to scrape down sides. Pour into a small
  saucepan; cook sauce over low heat, stirring constantly, until
  thoroughly heated.
  
  Per serving (3 1/2 oz): Calories 86 (8% from fat), Fat 0.8g (0.6g
  saturated)= , Cholesterol 6mg, Sodium 495 mg, Carbohydrate 6.8g,
  Fiber 0g, Protein 13.1g.
  
  NOTE: The above nutrition information was based on this recipe making
  6 servings, but in reality normal humans won't be able to get more
  than 4 main-course servings out of this at best.
  
  Recipe By     : ??? (posted by HS.Roch811sd@xerox.com)
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDOS  B.B.Q.  FISH  MARINATE
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
      1 c  Soy sauce
      1 c  Lime juice
      1 c  Vinegar
      1 c  Oil
      2 ts Pepper
      2 ts Salt
      1 ts Garlic powder
      1 ts Lawrys season salt
    1/4 c  Sesame seeds
      1    Clove garlic -- minced
 
  Marinate fish for at least one hour before cooking. Serves 30.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALFREDOS  BARBECUE FISH  MARINADE
 Categories: Sauces, Seasonings, Seafood
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
      1 c  Soy sauce
      1 c  Lime juice
      1 c  Vinegar
      1 c  Oil
      2 ts Pepper
      2 ts Salt
      1 ts Garlic powder
      1 ts Lawrys season salt
    1/4 c  Sesame seeds
      1    Clove garlic -- minced
 
  Marinate fish for at least one hour before cooking. Serves 30.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALGERIAN CARROTS
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  2 3/4 lb Carrots; scraped, slice
           -diagonally
    1/2 ts Hotsauce
      2 tb Light olive oil
      3    Garlic cloves; thinly sliced
      1    Lemon; juice only
      2 ts Cumin seeds; toasted and
           -crushed
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Sugar
      2 tb Fresh mint leaves; chopped
 
  Cook's Note: Excellent served with poultry or whitefish.
  
  1. Put the carrots in a steamer basket set over boiling water.  Steam
  for about 5 minutes, until barely tender.  Reserve the cooking water
  and mix 5 tablespoons of it with the hot sauce.
  
  2. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat.  Add the garlic,
  diluted hot sauce, lemon juice, cumin, salt and sugar.  Mix well.
  Add the carrots, then partially cover and cook over medium-low heat
  for about 10 minutes, until the liquid is reduced.
  
  3. Stir in the mint and serve at once.
  
  Contributor:  Orange County Register
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALGERIAN CHILI (LOUBIA B'DERSA)
 Categories: Stew chili, Beans
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
 
        1 lb (2 cups) small navy beans --
  :          soaked
      1/4 c  olive oil
        1 lg onion -- finely diced
        3 sm dried red chilies -- seeded
       15    garlic cloves -- minced
        1 TB sweet paprika
      1/4 ts freshly ground black pepper
        4 ts ground cumin
        6 oz tomato paste -- canned
        2    tomatoes -- coarsely
  :          chopped
        7 c  water -- or
  :          vegetable broth
        2    bay leaves
      1/8 ts cayenne -- or to taste
       20    sprigs fresh flat-leaf
  :          parsley -- chopped
    2 1/2 ts salt
       10    sprigs fresh cilantro --
  :          chopped
  :          Cider vinegar -- or
  :          red wine vinegar --
  :          optional
  
  LOUBIA is an Algerian speciality that gets its flavor from DERSA, a
  spicy blend of ground dried red chilies (use New Mexican in the US),
  garlic, and ground cumin. Dersa is a predominant season ing in the
  cuisine. A dash of vinegar is traditionally added to each bowl of
  Loubia on serving.
  
  Soak and drain the beans. Set aside. SOAKING BEANS: Rinse and pick
  over the beans and soak them overnight in a bowl of water to cover.
  Drain and proceed with the recipe. For the quick-soak method, place
  the beans in a large soup pot and add 10 cups of hot water. Bring
  them to a rolling boil for 2 to 3 minutes. Turn off the heat and let
  the beans stand in the cooking water for at least 1 hour, and
  preferable longer. Drain the beans and proceed with the recipe. The
  older the beans, the longer they will take to cook. (She recommends
  adding salt to the cooking water: up to 2 teaspoons per pound of
  dried beans.)
  
  In a large soup pop over medium high heat, heat the oil, and cook the
  onion, stirring occasionally, until tender; 6 to 8 minutes. Add the
  chilies, garlic, paprika, pepper, and cumin. Cook, stirring, for 2 to
  3 minutes. Add the tomato paste and cook, stirring, until the mixture
  thickens, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and 1 cup of the water
  or broth and bring to a boil. Add the beans, the remaining 6 cups
  water or broth, the bay leaves, cayenne, and
       10    of the parsley sprigs tied together with cotton string.
  Mince the remaining parsley and set aside. Lower the heat to medium
  low, cover, and cook the beans until tender, 1 to 2 hours.
  
  Before serving, discard the chilies, bay leaves, and tied parsley.
  Season with salt. Stir in the reserved minced parsley and cilantro.
  Serve hot with vinegar on the side, if you like.
  
  1996 Kitty Morse.  North Africa: The Vegetarian Table. One in a new
  series produced by Chronicle Books, San Francisco. This recipe was
  found on MC-Recipe List Service "COLLECTION (3) Chili Recipes plus
  Pesto," 15 Oct 1996. [patH]
  
  Recipe By     : Kitty Morse in North Africa (1996)
  
  From: Path <phannema@wizard.Ucr.Edu>  Date: Tue, 15 Oct 1996 11:01:00
  ~0700 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALGERIAN COOKED CARROT SALAD - KITCHEN SAFARI
 Categories: Salads, Algerian, African
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Carrots
      3 ea Garlic cloves, chopped
      1 pn Salt
      1 pn Sugar
           Lemon Juice
    1/2 ts Cayenne pepper
    1/4 ts Cumin
           Parsley, chopped
 
  Scrape the carrots and quarter lengthwise. Cook in a little water with
  garlic and a pinch of salt and sugar, for 15 minutes. Drain and
  chill. Just before serving, cover with lemon juice, aobut 1/4
  teaspoon salt, cayenne and cumin. Sprinkle with chopped parsley.
  
  Harva Hachten, "Kitchen Safari A Gourmet's Tour of Africa" Posted by
  Dorothy Hair
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALGERIAN COUSCOUS
 Categories: Meats, Ethnic
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Can cooked chickpeas, drain
    3/4    To 1 lb. pkg couscous
      2 lg Onions chopped
      1    Carrot sliced
      1    Gr bell pepper, sliced
      1    Eggplant,sliced, salted &
           Rinsed
      1 lb Lamb, cut in 2 inch cubes
      1    Chicken cut up in 8 parts
      3 tb Oil
      1    Pimento
      4    Tomatoes, seeded, chopped
      2 ts Papriks
           Salt
      7 oz Fresh string beans or peas
      9 oz Can artichoke bottoms
           Drained
           Cayenne pepper
      4 oz Butter
 
  Place couscous in shallow pan with 4 cups water. Swirl and pour off
  water immediately in a sieve. Rub couscous well between hands and
  drop back into pan, making sure couscous is lump free. Let this dry
  while preparing remainders. Fry onions garlic, pepper, carrot and
  eggplant with chicken and lamb in oil. Then add chickpeas( if using
  dried ones ) and enough water to cover. Add pimento and salt and
  pepper to taste,Bring to a boil and fasten colander over kettle to
  fit snugly. Spoon couscous into colander and let steam for 45
  minutes, then dump couscous back into pan to let dry again. Add
  tomatoes, beans or peas and cook another 1/2 hour. Now attach
  colander and let couscous steam another 15 minutes. Add artichoke,
  canned chickpeas to the stew.  Cook a few minutes longer. Add some
  butter to the couscous and place couscous shaped into a cone on a
  serving platter. surround by meat and vegetables. Note: this is only
  one version of many different types of couscous preparation. It is
  thought that the name of this grain comes from the soft rumbling
  noise that the couscous makes in a steamer. There is a special
  couscous pot but a colander can suffice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALHEIRAS DE MIRANDELA
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 15 Units
 
      3 lb Lean beef*
  1 1/2 lb Calf meat
    1/2 lb Chicken
    1/2 lb Turkey
    1/2 lb Rabbit
  1 1/2 lb Day old wheat bread
    1/4 lb Ham (optional)
      4    Garlic cloves
      4 ts Olive oil
      2 oz Pork drippings**
           Paprika, salt and
           -piripiri to taste
     10    Feet tripe casing
 
  *    Or lean pork, or a mixture of both, for cost reasons. **
  Probably a modern addition, or replacement for suet. You may change
  the proportions of chicken/turkey/rabbit - it may be all chicken,
  etc., provided the total amount remains the same. You can use
  partridge, quail, duck, and so on... Boil the meats together long
  enough to make the bones separate from the meat by themselves.
  Reserve the resulting broth and set meats aside. In a large bowl
  place the thinly sliced bread and add the reserved broth. Cover with
  a towel and, as soon as the bread is soft enough, mash it with an
  wooden spoon. Add the mashed garlic and ground piripiri, paprika and
  a little salt. Add the meats cut in very little pieces. Mix
  thoroughly. When everything is completely mixed add the olive oil and
  the pork drippings, hot. Fill the casing using a suitable funnel. Tie
  each 'alheira' so that it's about 8" long, with the filling
  concentrated in the middle section, leaving the ends almost empty.
  Smoke for 2 or 3 hours a day, for a week. Tie both ends together
  before selling or using - the 'alheira' should be U shaped. A typical
  way of serving 'alheiras' is frying them in hot oil, and presenting
  them with fried eggs and potato chips. Some add broccoli as a side
  dish.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALI'S OATMEAL COOKIES
 Categories: Biscuits
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
      1 c  Butter-flavored shortening
      1 c  Granulated sugar
      1 c  Firmly packed brown sugar
      2    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 c  Plus 1 tb sifted all-purpose
           -flour, divided
      1 ts Baking soda
    3/4 ts Salt
  2 1/2 c  Old-fashioned or:
  2 1/2 c  Quick-cooking oatmeal,
           -uncooked
      1 c  Finely chopped hazelnuts
      1 c  Finely diced dried apricots
      1 c  White chocolate chips
 
  Best Oatmeal Cookie, Oregon State Fair Susan Middleton and Alisha
  Delos, Keizer
  
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees. In large bowl, mix shortening, the
  sugars, eggs and vanilla. Beat at medium speed with an electric mixer
  until well-blended.
  
  Combine 1 1/2 cups of flour, baking soda and salt. Stir into the
  shortening mixture. Stir in oatmeal. Stir in nuts.
  
  Toss apricots with remaining 1 tablespoon flour. Stir into dough.
  Stir in white chocolate chips.
  
  Shape dough into 1 1/2-inch balls. Flatten slightly and place 2 inches
  apart on ungreased baking sheets.
  
  Bake 11 to 13 minutes until slightly moist in the center and just
  beginning to brown around the edges. Remove immediately to
  wax-paper-covered paper towels.
  
  Makes 3 dozen
  
  From the Oregonian's FOODday, 1/12/93.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALICE'S  BUTTER  FROSTING
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Granulated sugar
      1 c  Butter flavored Crisco or 2
           Sticks (1/4 lb
    2/3 c  Milk
      1 tb Vanilla
 
  Mix sugar and Crisco together.  Heat milk until hot on finger. (Do not
  boil.)  Add half of the milk to sugar ~ Crisco mixture and beat 2
  minutes. Add rest of milk and beat 8 minutes longer (a total of 10
  minutes all together). The beating breaks up the sugar granules to a
  whipped cream consistency, but is a butter type.
  
  To make a whipped cream frosting, use white Crisco instead of
  butter-flavored. (This is Audrey's (my sister-in-laws recipe.) (I use
  these often as I don't always have confectioners sugar on hand.)
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALICE'S  PICKLES
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Celery seeds
      1    To 1 1/2 c. white vinegar
      1    To 1 1/2 c. sugar
      7 md Cucumbers -- slice
      2 tb Salt
           Fresh vegetables - onion --
           Green beans, yellow
 
  Boil for 3 minutes 2 tablespoons celery seeds, 1 to 1 1/2 cups white
  vinegar and 1 to 1 1/2 cups sugar and cool. Soak in 2 tablespoons
  salt for 1 hour cucumbers, then drain. Mix boiled mixture and all
  vegetables in large jar and refrigerate.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALICHA
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Onions; sliced
      2 tb Corn oil
      2 lb Meat with bone; beef, lamb
           -or goat, cut in 3 inch
           -pieces
      2 cl Garlic; sliced
      1 ts Salt; to taste
      1 ea Fresh hot green chili;
           -sliced
    1/4 ts Gingerroot; crushed, fresh
    1/4 ts Mustard seeds; crushed
    1/4 ts Caraway; crushed
    1/4 ts Tumeric; ground
  1 1/2 c  Water
 
  Alicha is a curry-like meal. In dry pan over medium heat, stir fry
  onions for 2 mins. Add the oil and stir fry 1 minute longer. Add the
  meat and brown 5 mins, stirring frequently.
  
  Add all of the spices and seasonings at one time and stir well. Add
  the water and bring to a boil.  Cover the pan and cook over moderate
  heat for about 45 mins, or until the meat is tender. Should the curry
  dry out too quickly, add another 1/2c water.  At the end of the 45
  mins, there should be very little sauce.
  
  Serve warm or at room temperature.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALICIA'S FLOUR TORTILLA
 Categories: Mexican, Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Flour
      2 tb Lard
    1/2 c  Warm milk
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
 
  Mix all dry ingredients and sift. Mix in lard. Add milk gradually.
  Knead til smooth. Roll in pieces. roll out flat very thin. Cook on
  griddle until lightly spotted.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALIZA'S SPAGHETTI SAUCE
 Categories: Digest, Feb95
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Brick of spinach
      1    28-oz can of crushed
           Tomatoes
      1    10-oz bag of frozen green
           Pepper
      2    7-oz cans of salt-free
           Mushrooms
      1 ea Lots of dehydrated onion
      1 ea Garlic to taste
      1 ea Parsley to taste
      1 ea Italian seasoning to taste
      1 pn Black pepper
 
  It was good, but much more of a stew than a sauce. Next time I make
  it, I'll use real onions, and two cans of tomatoes, and have
  containers ready to freeze most of it... my freezer is full these
  days. In summer, fresh tomatoes (and probably zucchini) would be
  good...
  
  Source: Original
  
  Posted by "Aliza R. Panitz" <buglady@access.digex.net> to the Fatfree
  Digest [Volume 15 Issue 20] Feb. 20, 1995.
  
  Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen
  Mintzias, km@salata.com.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALKOHOLFREIER PLANTER`S PUNCH
 Categories: Getraenke
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
           2 cl Grenadinesirup
           2 cl Zitronensaft
           6 cl Ananassaft ungesuesst
           6 cl Orangensaft
           6 cl Maracujanektar
 
    Alle Zutaten mit Eis im Shaker schuetteln (oder in einem Glas gut
  verruehren) und auf Eis in ein grosses Glas giessen.
  
  *  Aus essen & trinken 6 / 86
  
  Erfasser: Lothar Datum: 07.02.1994 Stichworte: Getraenke, Alkoholfrei,
  Drinks
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL ABOUT BUCKWHEAT!
 Categories: Buckwheat, Information
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
  The many forms of Buckwheat!:
  
  Buckwheat Seed:  It's a fruit, not a grain.  Planted around the world.
  Triangular hard hull.  Fresh seeds can be sprouted; ready-to-eat in
  about 5 days.
  
  Kasha:  Hulled and roasted to bring out distinctive, nutlike flavor.
  Packaged four ways; whole, coarse, medium, fine.
  
  Whole Buckwheat Groats:  Hulled and unroasted. Mild-flavored. Better
  than barley or rice!
  
  Cream of Buckwheat:  100% pure groats milled to the size of sesame
  seeds. Look like corn grits and other "cream of..." cereals, but
  taste better.
  
  Buckwheat Flour:  Both light and whole buckwheat flour are 100%
  buckwheat. Gluten-free.  For fiber and flavor, each contains very
  finely milled particles of buckwheat hulls (more in whole flour).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL ABOUT CHINESE NOODLES
 Categories: Pasta, Chinese, Information
      Yield: 1 Good idea
 
MMMMM------------------------TASTE, TVFN-----------------------------
 
  * Cellophane noodles: Aka bean thread; mung bean flower noodles. Soak
  in hot water first before using, but not before frying. Do not boil.
  Good in soups and stir-fries. * Rice flour noodles: Aka Mai fun (like
  angel hair pasta). Good for stir-frying. * Chow fun: lg noodles; toss
  with vegetables and meat. Dried noodles: Aka Rice sticks. Don't boil
  before using. Thin- soak in warm water to soften; thick- cover with
  boiling water, let stand to soften. In hot oil these are the noodles
  that will puff up. Wheat Noodles: Fresh-- Cantonese style, aka
  regular mein or lo mein noodles (will say so on pkg), can be thick or
  thin. Cook to taste, 4 mins or so in boiling water to soften. Do not
  cook Chinese noodles al dente; they must be soft. Typed by Sherilyn
  Schamber
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL ABOUT CHOCOLATE #1   DRND29A
 Categories: Chocolate, Information
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------TYPES OF CHOCOLATE--------------------------
 
  UNSWEETENED CHOCOLATE: The basic chocolate from which all other
  porducts are made.  It is molded into 1-ounce blocks and sold in
  8-ounce packages. It may also be sold melted and packaged in
  envelopes. SEMISWEET CHOCOLATE: Unsweetened chocolate with sugar,
  extra cocoa butter, and flavorings added to give it a satiny gloss.
  It is molded into 1-ounce blocks and sold in 8-ounce packages or
  formed into chocolate chips. SWEET BAKING CHOCOLATE (GERMAN SWEET
  CHOCOLATE): Similar to semisweet chocolate, but has more sugar and is
  packaged in 4-ounce bars. MILK CHOCOLATE: Sweet chocolate with milk
  added.  It is sold in various shapes and bars. ALMOND BARK: An
  artificial chocolate made with vegetable fats instead of cocoa
  butter, with coloring and flavorings added. It is sold in 1 1/2-
  pound packages or in blocks and round discs where candy supplies are
  sold. UNSWEETENED COCOA: A form of pure chocolate with most of the
  cocoa butter removed and ground into powder. It is sold in 8-ounce or
  16-ounce cans. CHOCOLATE-FLAVORED SYRUP: A combination of cocoa, corn
  syrup, and flavoring and is available in various sizes in jars, cans,
  or plastic containers. Formatted by Rose Capoccia   From CHOCOLATE
  FANTASIES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL ABOUT CHOCOLATE #2   DRND29A
 Categories: Chocolate, Information
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------CHOCOLATE SUBSTITUTIONS-----------------------
 
  TO SUBSTITUTE FOR:
    1 (1-ounce) square unsweetened chocolate----use 3 tablespoons
  unsweetened cocoa and 1 tablespoon shortening.
    1 ounce semisweet chocolate----use 3 tablespoons semisweet chocolate
  chips or 1 (1-ounce) square unsweetened chocolate and 1 tablespoon
  sugar.
    6-ounce package (1 cup) semisweet chocolate morsels----use 6
  tablespoons unsweetened cocoa, 1/4 cup sugar, and 1/4 cup shortwning.
    4-ounce bar sweet baking chocolate----use 1/4 cup unsweetened
  cocoa, 1/3 cup sugar, and 3 tablespoons chortening.
  
  NOTE:  When melted, semisweet chocolate morsels and semisweet
  chocolate squares can be used interchangeably. Formatted by Rose
  Capoccia From Chocolate Fantasies
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL ABOUT CHOCOLATE #3   DRND29A
 Categories: Chocolate, Information
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------HOW TO STORE CHOCOLATE------------------------
 
     Store chocolate tightly wrapped or covered in a cool, dry place or
  in the refrigerator.  If refrigerated, let it warm to room
  temperature before using.
     Occaionally, there may be a slight graying or "bloom" on
  chocolate. This does not alter the quality or flavor and when used in
  a recipe, the chocolate will regain its color.
    Formatted by Rose Capoccia   From Chocolate Fantasies
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL ABOUT CHOCOLATE #4   DRND29A
 Categories: Chocolate, Information
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------HOW TO MELT CHOCOLATE------------------------
 
    Always melt chocolate with gentle heat because it scorches easily.
  If chocolate is to be melted alone, make certain that the container
  and utensils are absolutely dry; a tiny drop of moisture will cause
  the chocolate to become lumpy and stiff.  If this should happen, stir
  in one teaspoon of vegetable shortening for each ounce of chocolate.
  Remember that unsweetened chocolate liquifies when melted, but
  semisweet and baking chocolate will hold their shapes until stirred.
  For faster melting, cut or chop chocolate into smaller pieces. To
  melt chocolate, place it in a heavy saucepan over low heat and stir
  until melted. Or, place chocolate in top of a double boiler and melt
  over hot water, stirring until smooth.
    To melt chocolate in a microwave oven, place a 1-ounce square in a
  1-cup glass measure.  Microwave, uncovered, at MEDIUM (50% power) for
  1 to 2 minutes or until chocolate is almost melted. Stir until
  completely melted and smooth.  Add 10 seconds for each additional
  ounce of chocolate. To melt chocolate morsels in a microwave oven,
  place 1 cup chocolate morsels in a 2-cup measure.  Microwave,
  uncovered, at MEDIUM (50% power) for 2 to 4 minutes or until morsels
  are glossy. Stir until smooth. Formatted by Rose Capoccia drnd29a
  From Chocolate Fantasies
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL ABOUT CHOCOLATE #5   DRND29A
 Categories: Chocolate
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------CHOCOLATE GARNISHES-------------------------
 
  CHOCOLATE LEAVES:  Select non-poisonous leaves such as mint or rose
  leaves. Wash the leaves and pat dry with paper towels. Melt 1 or 2
  (1-ounce) squares semisweet chocolate over hot water in a double
  boiler; let cool slightly.  Using a small spatula, spread a thin
  layer of chocolate on the back of each leaf.  Place leaves on a wax
  paper-lined cookie sheet, chocolate side up; freeze until chocolate
  is firm, about 10 minutes. Grasp leaf at stem end and carefully peel
  away from chocolate. Chill leaves until ready to use.
  
  CHOCOLATE CURLS:  Melt 4 (1-ouce) squares semisweet chocolate over hot
  water in a double bliler.  Pour chocolate out into a wax paper-lined
  cookie sheet. Spread chocolate with a spatula into a 3-inch-wide
  strip. Smooth top with a spatula.  Chill chocolate until it feels
  slightly tacky but not firm.  (If too hard, curls will break; if too
  soft, chocolate will not curl.)  Gently pull a vegetable peeler
  across chocolate until curls form. Transfer curls to a tray by
  inserting a wooden pick in end of curl. Chill curls until ready to
  use. CHOCOLATE-DIPPED FRUIT: Make sure fruit is completely dry before
  dipping. Melt 4 (1-ounce) squares semisweet chocolate over hot vater
  in a double boiler; transfer to a small bowl, and let cool slightly.
  Grasp fruit by stem and dip in chocolate, turning to coat the bottom
  of the fruit. Allow excess to drip back into bowl. Lay fruit on side
  on a wax paper-lined cookie sheet. Allow fruit to stand at room
  temperature until chocolate hardens or place in refrigerator about 10
  minutes. Don't store coated fruit in refrigerator; the chocolate
  coating will sweat when returned to room temperature and will lose
  its sheen. CHOCOLATE CUTOUTS: Melt 6 (1-ounce) squares semisweet
  chocolate over hot water in a double boiler; cool slightly. Line a
  cookie sheet with aluminum foil; pour the chocolate onto the cookie
  sheet, and gently shake it until chocolate is smooth and level and
  about 1/8-inch thick. Let stand until partially set. Press a cookie
  cutter half-way through the chocolate to outline shapes. Remove the
  cutter, and let stand until chocolate is firm. When hard, reposition
  the cutter over the oulines, and press down to cut smoothly. Lift the
  cutter up, and remove the cutout by gently pressing through the
  cutter with a small wooden utensil (fingers will leave prints on
  chocolate). GRATED CHOCOLATE: You can grate unsweetened, semisweet,
  or milk chocolate to sprinkle on top of pies, etc. It's easiest done
  in a food processor, but you can grate it by hand. When grating by
  hand, hold chocolate with a paper towel or wax paper so heat from
  your hand will not soften or melt the chocolate.
         FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 07/04 8:30 AM
  
  TO:      ELAINE RADIS   (BGMB90B) FROM: ELAINE RADIS (BGMB90B)
  SUBJECT: R-MM CHOCOLATE DESRT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL ABOUT CHOCOLATE - COOKING TIPS
 Categories: Chocolate, Info/tips
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
    MELTING CHOCOLATE
  
    Chocolate scorches easily, so always melt it over hot - not boiling
  ~ water.  It is best to use a double boiler, but you can improvise by
  using a c  or bowl in a small saucepan over very gentle heat. The
  water must be kept below simmering to prevent steam from curling up
  and hitting the chocolate. If steam gets into the melted chocolate it
  will immediately thicken the mixture to a stiff mass. If this does
  happen, however, you can rescue the chocolate by softening it again.
  To do this, add 1-2 tb of vegetable shortening (never use butter as
  it contains moisture which will cause the chocolate stiffen even
  more!) to the chocolate and stir vigorously.  You can also melt
  chocolate directly over very low heat in a heavy gauge saucepan, but
  you must watch the mixture carefully.
  
    HOW TO MAKE CHOCOLATE CURLS
  
    Use a vegetable peeler with a long narrow blade and a chunk or bar
  of chocolate.  Warm chocolate and blade slightly. Be sure your peeler
  is absolutely dry. Draw the peeler along the smooth surface of the
  chocolate.
  
  HOW TO GRATE CHOCOLATE
  
    Be sure that the block of chocolate is cool and firm. Grate on hand
  grater, cleaning the grater often so that the chocolate doesn't clog
  the surface of the blade. You cn use a blender, but be sure to cut the
  chocolate into sm pieces first.
  
  HOW TO STORE CHOCOLATE
  
    Chocolate should be stored in a cool, dry place at a temperature of
  about 60F. If the chocolate becomes too warm, the cocoa butter rises
  to the surface and forms a dusty gray film known as "bloom." This
  "bloom" is not harmful and, once the chocolate is melted, it returns
  to its natural rich brown color.  If you do store chocolate in the
  refrigerator or freezer, take in out and let it stand until it
  returns to room temperature before you use it in a recipe. Chocolate
  is very sensitive to sudden changes of temperature and you will not
  get the best results if you do not treat it with respect.
  
  Origin: Farm Journal's Choice Chocolate Recipes Posted in COOKING by:
  Sharon Stevens 8/10/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL AMERICAN DESSERT *
 Categories: Desserts, Jello, Holidays
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------------BILLS20086------------------------------
      1 lg Berry blue jello
      1 lg Red jello, any flavor
      4 c  Water; boiling
      2 c  Water; cold
      8 oz Cool Whip; thawed
      4 c  Angel food cake -=OR=-
           - pound cake, break in cubes
      2 c  Strawberries; sliced
    1/2 c  Blueberries; (opt)
 
  Dissolve each flavor of jello completely in 2 cups of boing water in
  separate bowls. Stir 1 cup of cold water into each bowl. Pour into
  separate 9x13" pans. Refrigerate at least 3 hours until firm. Cut
  into 1/2" cubes. Place blue jello cubes in bottom of clear glass
  trifle bowl. Top with 1/3 of the Cool Whip. Add cake cubes, then
  sliced strawberries. Top with another 1/3 Cool Whip. Add the red
  jello cubes and then the remaining Cool Whip. Sprinkle blueberries
  over top if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL AMERICAN POT ROAST
 Categories: Meats, Main dish, Beef
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 x  ONION
      1 x  CARROT
      1 x  RIB OF CELERY
      1 tb OIL
  3 1/2 lb CHUCK ROAST
    1/2 ts THYME, DRIED
      1 x  BAY LEAF
      2 tb FLOUR
      1 x  SALT AND PEPPER TO TASTE
 
  CUT ONION, CARROT AND CELERY IN 2" CHUNKS. HEAT OIL IN A LARGE POT
  OVER MEDIUM HEAT. BROWN ROAST ON ALL SIDES, ABOUT 15 MINUTES. REMOVE
  MEAT FROM POT. ADD VEGETABLES TO POT AND COOK UNTIL GOLDEN, ABOUT 10
  MINUTES. RETURN MEAT TO POT AND ADD 1 CUP OF WATER, 2 tsp. SALT, 1/2
  tsp. PEPPER, THE THYME AND BAY LEAF. BRING TO A BOIL AND THEN REDUCE
  HEAT AND SIMMER, COVERED, FOR ABOUT 2 1/2 HOURS. TURN MEAT
  OCASSIONALLY. REMOVE MEAT TO A PLATTER. COVER LOOSELY WITH FOIL TO
  KEEP WARM. DISCARD ALL THE VEGETABLES AND THE BAY LEAF. SKIM FAT FROM
  PAN JUICES. GRADUALLY ADD 1/2 CUP WATER TO INTO THE FLOUR. ADD THE
  FLOUR MIXTURE TO THE PAN AND COOK, STIRRING, UNTIL THE GRAVY COMES TO
  A BOIL AND THICKENS. EACH SERVING PROVIDES - 609 CALORIES / 33 g PRO.
  / 50 g FAT / 678 mg SOD
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL AT ONCE SPAGHETTI
 Categories: Hamburger, Pasta, Italian, Beef
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 tb Cooking oil
      1 lg Onion,chopped
    1/2 lb Ground beef
  1 1/2 ts Salt
           Pepper to taste
      2 cn Hunt's Tomato Sauce
  1 1/2 c  Water
    1/4 lb Uncooked spaghetti
           (1/2 - 8 oz. pkg.)
           Grated cheese
 
  Heat oil in saucepan or skillet.Add onion;cook until soft.Crumble in
  the beef.Stir and fry until meat loses red color.Sprinkle with salt
  and pepper.Pour in tomato sauce and water;bring to boil.Break
  spaghetti;sprinkle in a little at a time,stirring into sauce and
  keeping it separated.Cover tightly.Simmer 20 to 30 minutes.Stir
  toward end of cooking time.Serve with cheese.Makes 3 to 4 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL BRAN BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Egg
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Molasses
  1 1/2 c  All bran
  1 1/2 c  Flour
  1 1/2 c  Sour milk
      1 ts Soda
 
  Beat egg and add salt, sugar and molasses. Add sour milk and all bran
  and let set till most of moisture is taken up, add flour and soda.
  Put in greased loaf pan and bake in 350 F oven for 1 hour. P.S. Sour
  milk by adding 1 T. vinegar to the milk or use sweet milk and cut
  soda to 1/2 ts. and add 1 ts. baking powder.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL CANADIAN COFFEE
 Categories: Beverages, Alcohol
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Maple syrup; pure
    1/2 c  Rye whiskey
      3 c  Coffee; hot, black,
           -double strength

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    3/4 c  Whipping cream
      4 ts Maple syrup; pure
 
  Topping: Whip cream with maple syrup just up until soft mounds; set
  aside.
    Divide maple syrup and whiskey among 4 warmed heat proof glass mugs
  or goblets. Pour in coffee to 1 inch of top; spoon topping over
  coffee. Decorate with tiny Canadian flags if desired. MAKES: 4
  Servings
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL CANADIAN COFFEE #1
 Categories: Beverages, Canadian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Maple syrup; pure
    1/2 c  Rye whiskey
      3 c  Coffee; hot, black,
           -double strength

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    3/4 c  Whipping cream
      4 ts Maple syrup; pure
 
  Topping: Whip cream with maple syrup just up until soft mounds; set
  aside. Divide maple syrup and whiskey among 4 warmed heatproof glass
  mugs or goblets. Pour in coffee to 1 inch of top; spoon topping over
  coffee. Decorate with tiny Canadian flags if desired. MAKES: 4
  Servings
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL DAY CHICKEN
 Categories: Crockpot, Chicken, Mushrooms, Fruits, Spices
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Frozen OJ
      2 c  Chicken stock
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/2 c  Tomato paste
      2 tb Soy sauce
      2 tb Brown sugar
      2    Cloves garlic, minced
      1 ds Allspice
           Remaining ingredients:
      4 lb Chicken, breasts and thighs
    1/4 lb Mushrooms, sliced
      2 tb Margarine or butter
     11 oz (1 can) mandarin orange
           Sections, drained
    1/2    Of a medium-large bell
           Pepper, sliced lengthwise
    1/4 ts Ground ginger
      3 tb Cornstarch
    1/4 c  Cold milk
    1/4 c  Cold water
 
  Marinade:
  
  The night before you plan on slow cooking your dinner, mix together
  the marinade ingredients in a large, closable container large enough
  to also hold the chicken pieces. When marinade is thoroughly mixed,
  add the chicken, close container and refrigerate until morning.
  
  In the morning place the chicken in the slow cooker and add marinade
  up to about an inch from the top of the container. Set the cooker on
  low and cover.
  
  6 to 8 hours later, turn the cooker to high.  About an hour later,
  saute the sliced mushrooms in the margarine or butter. Then add the
  mushrooms (with pan juices), mandarin sections, green pepper and
  ginger into the slow cooker and stir thoroughly. Mix together the
  cornstarch, milk and cold water, then gradually add into the slow
  cooker while stirring until the entire mixture thickens a bit.
  
  Re-cover the slow cooker and let simmer for 15 to 30 minutes until
  serving. Serve with baby carrots and small new potatoes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL IN ONE CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casseroles
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Ground beef
      1    Onion, sliced
      1 c  Celery, diced
      1 cn #2 tomatoes
      4 c  Cabbage, shredded
      1 c  Bread crumbs
 
  Brown meat in a big skillet. Remove from heat and drain the fat, if
  any. Add the onion, celery and tomaotes. Stir until well mixed. Place
  a layer of shredded cabbage in the bottom of a greased 2 quart
  casserole dish. Spoon over a layer of the beef mixture, alternating
  with the cab- bage and finishing with the cabbage on top. Sprinkle
  with bread crumbs. Bake, uncovered, for 1 hour at 350F. Serve with
  fried potatoes or fresh bread and a light dessert.
  
  Source: Women's Circle Magazine Typed for you by: Brigitte Sealing,
  Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL PURPOSE B&B CLEANER
 Categories: Non-edible
      Yield: 1 Gallon
 
 
      1/2 c  hosehold ammonia
        2 c  70% isopropyl alcohol
        1 ts dish detergent
  :            water to make one gallon
  
  Use a spray bottle to clean.  Glass, counter tops, enamel, sinks,
  toilets all come squeeky clean and disinfected. I store in a used
  gallon container. I run a B&B and find its great and saves me a lot
  of time. NOTE: Poison, keep out of reach of children.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL PURPOSE BARBECUE SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Salad Oil
      2 tb Soy Sauce
    1/4 c  Bourbon, Sherry, Or Wine
      1 ts Garlic Powder
      1 x  Freshly Ground Pepper
 
  Combine all ingredients and pour over meat.  Marinate in
  refrigerator. Also use to baste meat as you cook it. Good on red
  meat, fish or chicken.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL PURPOSE BARBECUE SAUCE #5
 Categories: Bbq sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Salad oil
    1/4 c  Bourbon, sherry, or wine
      1 x  Pepper, freshly ground
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 ts Garlic powder
 
  Combine all ingredients and pour over meat.  Marinate in
  refrigerator. Also use to baste meat as you cook it. Good on red
  meat, fish or chicken.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL PURPOSE HERB BLEND
 Categories: Mixes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 tb Dried parsley
      1 tb Dried rosemary -- crumbled
      1 tb Dried thyme
      1 tb Dried savory
 
  Mix herbs together and store in airtight jar.
  
  Recipe By     : Debbie Smith
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL PURPOSE MARINADE
 Categories: Cajun, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  Dry white wine
    1/2 ts Cayenne pepper
      1 ts Onion powder
    1/2 c  Soy sauce
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
 
  Mix all ingredients together.  Marinate the meat (beef, pork,
  chicken, or game) for 3 to 6 hours, then use the marinade as a
  basting sauce as the meat cooks on the grill. From Justin Wilson's
  "Outdoor Cooking With Inside Help"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL PURPOSE MARINADE - RECIPELU
 Categories: Marinades
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Dry white wine
    1/2    Cayenne pepper
      1    Onion powder
    1/2    Soy sauce
    1/2    Garlic powder
 
  1.  Mix all ingredients together.  Marinate the meat for 3-6 hours
  
  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~` NOTES
  : Good on chicken, beef, pork.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL PURPOSE PICKLING SOLUTION
 Categories: Pickles, Garlic
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 ts Salt Per Quart Of Water
      1    Clove Garlic
      1    Stalk Of Celery, Sliced
      1    Carrot, Sliced
      1    Hot Chili Pepper
      1    Bay Leaf
      8    Spice Balls
      1    Bud Of Dill
      1 lb Washed Pickling Cucumbers
 
  Combine all ingredients, except cucumbers, in a pan and bring to a
  boil. Then prick the cucumbers with a fork and add to pickling
  solution. Put in jars and seal. Let stand for 3 weeks before eating.
  Typed by Syd Bigger.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL PURPOSE SEASONING
 Categories: Diabetic, Herbs
      Yield: 1 See below
 
      2 tb Minced dehydrated onion;
      2 tb Seasame seeds;
      2 tb Parsley flakes;
      2 ts Oregano;
      2 ts Garlic powder;
      1 ts Celery seed;
      1 ts Marjoram;
      1 ts Dried basil;
      1 ts Spearmint;
      1 ts Spearmint;
      1 ts Bay leaf powder;
    1/2 ts Dill seed;
    1/2 ts Thyme;
    1/2 ts Coriander;
    1/2 ts Dry mustard;
    1/2 ts Rosemary;
 
  In a blender, blend dehydrated onion into finer pieces. Add remaining
  herbs.  Blend to mix well, but do not make into a powder. To keep
  herbs fresh, store in shaker top bottle with tight fitting lid.
  
  Can be used on all cooking, and at the table too to be used instead of
  salt.  This is also bottled as commerical product called "Instead of
  Salt" All Purpose Herb Seasoning, if you want to save time.
  
  Yield: 1 3/4 oz or 9 3/4 tablespoon or 29 1/2 teaspoon.
  
  Source: Heathier Eating Guide & Goodbook by George Mateljan Brought
  to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL PURPOSE SPICE MIX
 Categories: Diabetic
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Grated parmesan cheese
    1/4 c  Sesame seeds
      2 tb Paprika
      1 tb Poppy seeds
      1 ts 1 chicken bouillon cube
      2 ts Dried parsley
      1 ts Onion flakes
      1 ts Garlic powder
      1 ts Celery seed
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
 
  Crush bouillon cube into fine powder, put in screw-top jar. Add
  remaining ingredients and shake until well mixed.
  
  Store in refrigerator for up to 4 months.
  
  May be used on fish, meat, stews, casseroles, salads, vegetables.
  
  Makes 1 cup (24 servings) 1 serving = 2 Teaspoons 1 extra choice, 1 g
  protein, 1 g fat, 50 kilojoules,
       13    calories
  
  Recipe posted by: Jane Knox Via: RFIX_S 09-28-1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL SEASON SALT
 Categories: Seasonings
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------
  1 1/4 c  Table salt
  1 1/2 tb Onion salt
      1 tb Celery salt
  1 1/2 tb Garlic salt
      1 tb Paprika
      2 tb Black pepper
      2 tb White pepper
      2 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 tb Dry mustard

MMMMM------------------------PREPARATION-----------------------------

MMMMM--------------------SOURCE: COOKBOOK USA-------------------------
 
  Submitted By PAT PATE <PATPATE@TENET.EDU>  On   SUN, 9 OCT 1994 223021
  ~0500 (CDT)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL SOUTH BARBEQUE RUB
 Categories: Sauces, Rubs
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 tb Salt
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Brown sugar
      2 tb Ground cumin
      2 tb Chile powder
      2 tb Freshly cracked black
           Pepper
      1 tb Cayenne pepper
      4 tb Paprika
 
  The rub is the second most important part of the BBQ process, next to
  the smoking technique. There are two main concepts to keep in mind
  when formulating your rub. The proportion of salt should be great
  enough to trigger osmosis and begin to draw the moisture from the
  surface of the meat, and (some may disagree with this) the proportion
  of sugar should not be excessive because it will caramelize and burn
  during smoking leaving a bitter taste.  However, since sugar
  contributes to osmosis, it is an important component and shouldn't be
  eliminated.
  
  Beyond that, your rub should only be limited by your imagination.
  Other ingredients to consider can include paprika, cumin, garlic
  powder, onion powder, black pepper, cayenne pepper, chile powder,
  oregano, sage or whatever sounds good to you.
  
  I like to keep my rub in a shaker for easy application. Rub should be
  applied at least the night before smoking. Anything longer, up to
  three days, is better. Shake the rub over the entire surface of the
  meat to be smoked.  Use a generous amount at first and then, as it
  starts to get moist and adhere, add more. I don't think it's
  necessary to "rub" it in. I find that that only results in uneven
  distribution, and besides, it stains your hands.  Wrap the meat
  loosely in butcher paper and leave in the fridge until a couple of
  hours before smoking.
  
  I find rubs to be far more useful than marinades especially for large
  pieces of meat such as briskets and pork butts. For cuts such as
  these, the internal and external fat melt through the meat during
  cooking to keep it moist.  I believe that the texture of the meat is
  improved by drawing out excess moisture, before cooking, through
  osmosis. The dry surface of the meat and the rub itself combine to
  produce a flavorful and attractive crust on the finished product.
  Unless it is thoroughly blotted dry on the surface, marinated meat
  won't color properly.
  
  Recipe By     : Richard Thead
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL TIME BROWNIES (FRUIT SWEET)
 Categories: Cookies, Chocolate
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    2/3 c  Butter
      4 tb Cocoa
    1/2 c  Fruit Sweet
      2    Eggs
    2/3 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Nuts; chopped (opt)
 
  Preheat the oven to 325 F.  Spray a 9" square pan with a non-stick
  coating spray.  Blend the butter, cocoa, and Fruit Sweet. Add the
  eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Mix the flour,
  baking powder and salt; add to the mixture. Fold in the nuts. Pour
  into the pan and bake 15 to 20 minutes, until the brownies spring
  back when lightly touched in the center.
  
  Fruit Sweet is made of peach and pear juices and pineapple syrup. It
  is available from Wax Orchards, RR 4 Box 320, Vashon Island, WA 98070
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN APPLE PIE
 Categories: Pies & past, Apples
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Packed light brown sugar
    1/4 c  Granulated sugar
      1 tb All-purpose flour
      1 ts Lemon zest -- grated
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
      6 md Apple -- prepared as
           Directed
      1 c  Raisins
      1    Pie crust  (9 inch)
      1 lg Egg -- beaten
      1 ts Granulated sugar
 
  1.  Preheat oven to 425 F.  Spray a 9-inch deep-dish pie plate with
  vegatable cooking spray.
  
  2.  In a large bowl, combine brown sugar, granulated sugar, flour,
  lemon zest, cinnamon, and nutmeg.  Mix well.
  
  3.  Peel, core, and thinly slice apples.  Add apples to sugar
  mixture; stir until coated.  Stir in raisins.  Spoon into prepared
  plate.
  
  4.  Place piecrust on top of filling.  Trim edges, pressing against
  edge of pan.  Using a sharp knife, cut steam vents in piecrust. To
  glaze, lightly brush piecrust with beaten egg. Sprinkle with sugar.
  
  5.  Bake until piecrust is golden brown, about 35 to
       40    minutes.  Place on a wire rack and cool for 30 minutes.
  Serve warm.
  
  Recipe By     : Healthy Meals in Minutes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN APPLE TURNOVERS
 Categories: Pies, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 tb Unsalted butter
      3 lg Apples (ab. 1-1//2 lbs);
           -peeled,cored & cut in 1/4"
           -dice ( 3cups)
    1/2 c  Apple cider or unsweetened
           -apple juice
      2 tb Sugar
      2 ts Fresh lemon juice
      1 pn Salt
    1/4 c  Unsweetened apple butter
      2 tb Dried currants (optional)
      1 ts Lemon zest; finely grated
    1/4 ts Cinnamon (optional)
      1 pn Ground cloves;(optional)
      1 pn Ground allspice;(optional)
 
  (Use favorite pastry) These turnovers are best with at least two
  varieties of firm cooking apples, such as Granny Smith, Jonathan,
  Winesap & Golden Delicious, for differences in texture and acidity.
  Sweet spices optional.
   1. Melt butter in a lg nonreactive skillet over mod. high heat. Add
  2 c of diced apples & cook, stirring frequently, 'til they begin to
  color, ab.5 min. Stir in cider, sugar, lemon ju & salt; reduce heat
  to mod. & cook 'til the liquid is reduced & the apples appear almost
  dry but still retain their shape, about 5 min. longer. Remove skillet
  from heat & stir in apple butter, currants, lemon zest,  cinnamon,
  cloves & allspice, along w remaining 1 c  of raw chopped apple.
  Transfer apple mixture to a med. bowl & refrigerate, uncovered, till
  cooled completely.
   2. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the pastry dough to an
  18x20" rectangle, 1/16th inch thick. Using a 6" plate or bowl as a
  guide, cut out eight, 6"rounds as close together as possible. Gather
  and reroll the dough scraps, then cut out 2 additional rounds. 3.
  Spoon the cooled apple filling on the lower
  
  half of each of the rounds. Lightly moisten the edges of the rounds
  with water and fold the dough over the filling to form semicircular
  turnovers. Press down on the edges to seal, first with your fingers,
  then with the tines of a fork. Using back of a small knife, press
  into sealed edges at 1/2-inch intervals to create a scalloped effect.
  Transfer turnovers to a heavy baking sheet & refrigerate at least 15
  min. 4. Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Brush turnovers w egg wash.
  Using a sharp knife, cut 2 small slits in top of each turnover to
  vent steam. 5. Bake turnovers in mid. of oven for 10 min. Move them
  to the upper rack & bake for 8-10 min.longer, or 'til pastry is a
  deep golden brown and filling begins to bubble. Let cool on rack.
  Makes 10.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN BARBECUE SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 32 Servings
 
    3/4 c  MINCED ONION
      1 c  CIDER VINEGAR
      3 tb BROWN SUGAR
      1 tb WORCHESTERSHIRE SAUCE
      1 ts CHILI POWDER
      1 ts HOT SAUCE
 
  PLACE ONION IN A 1 QUART GLASS MEASURE; MICROWAVE, UNCOVERED, AT HIGH
  FOR 2 MINUTES OR UNTIL TENDER. ADD THE REMAINING INGREDIENTS; STIR
  WELL. COVER WITH WAX PAPER; MICROWAVE ON HIGH FOR 10 TO 12 MINUTES.
  STIR EVERY 3 MINUTES. SERVE WITH CHICKEN, BEEF, PORK OR LAMB.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN CHILI DOG
 Categories: Beef, Sandwiches
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           WILSON  BWVB02B
    1/2 lb Ground beef
      1 sm Onion -- chopped
      1 sm Green pepper -- chopped
      1 md Clove garlic -- crushed
      1 tb Chili seasoning
      1 cn (16 oz) tomatoes -- crushed
      1 tb Tomato paste
    1/8 ts Ground red pepper
      1 pk (16 oz) frankfurters (8)
      8    Frankfurter rolls
    1/2 c  (2 oz.) extra sharp cheddar
           Cheese; shredded
 
  In large skillet, over medium-high heat, saute beef 3 minutes, or
  until browned.  Add onion, green pepper, garlic and chili seasoning;
  cook, stirring, 3 minutes longer. Stir in tomatoes and their juice,
  tomato paste, ground red pepper and 1 teaspoon salt; bring to
  boiling. Reduce heat; simmer, uncovered, 10 minutes.
  
  Prepare barbecue grill.  With knife, score frankfurter crosswise
  about one third through.  Grill, 6 inches from heat and turning
  occasionally, 5 minutes.  Place rolls or grill to toast lightly.
  
  Place frankfurters in rolls.  Spoon some chili onto each frankfurter;
  sprinkle each with cheese.  If desired, serve with potato chips.
  Makes 4 servings.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN CHOCOLATE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      4 oz Unsweetened chocolate
      1 c  Shortening or 1/2 lb butter
      2 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Cake flour
      2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      1 c  Milk
      4    Eggs
 
  PREHEAT OVEN TO 350F. In a small, heavy-bottomed pan, melt chocolate
  and shortening, stirring over low heat until smooth and melted.
  Remove from heat and stir in vanilla. In large bowl, combine flour,
  sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add chocolate mixture,
  milk and eggs, beating until smooth. Spread mixture in two greased
  and floured 9-inch round cake pans. Bake for 30-to-35 minutes or
  until toothpick inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool in
  pans 5 minutes before turning out onto wire rack.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Butter or margarine,
           -softened
    1/3 c  Shortening
      1 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/2 c  Granulated sugar
      1    Egg
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      1 pk Semisweet chocolate chips
      1 c  Chopped walnuts
 
  In large bowl, cream butter, shortening and sugars Beat in egg and
  vanilla. Combine flour, baking soda and salt; stir into butter
  mixture, mixing well. Stir in chocolate chips and nuts. Drop by
  teaspoonfuls, 2" apart, onto greased baking sheets. Bake in 350'F.
  oven 8-10 minutes, just until edges are golden (centers will still be
  soft). Remove to wire racks to cool.
  
  Makes about 3 dozen cookies.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN COLE SLAW
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Green cabbage; quartered,
           -   cored, and shredded fine
      3 tb Vinegar; cider, malt, distld
    2/3 c  Mayonnaise
      1    Onion, small; grated (optnl)
      2    Carrot, medium; grated
    1/4 ts Salt
 
     In a large mixing bowl, toss the cabbage with the vinegar and salt.
  Grate the carrots and optional onion directly into the bowl. Add the
  mayonnaise and toss well.
     The slaw can be served immediately, but it is much better -- more
  melded and tender -- if allowed to stand and tossed occasionally for
  30 minutes to 1 hour. For a very limp slaw, refrigerate several hours
  or overnight.
  
  ^^^^^^^^^^
     The law on cole slaw is cabbage and vinegar.  All the rest is
  interpretation.  Adjust the recipe to taste: Add more mayonnaise,
  substitute sour cream or yogurt for some (but not all) of the
  mayonnaise, or add a supplement of one or the other. Add diced green
  and/or red pepper if you have one, celery or caraway seeds if you
  like that kind of thing, or shredded celery for an extra fresh taste.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN EGG ROLLS
 Categories: Garlic, Appetizers
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 qt Cooking oil
     15 ea Cloves fresh garlic, peeled
    1/2 c  Real mayonnaise
    1/2 c  Softened cream cheese
      2 tb Prepared mustard
      4 ea Polish sausages
      1    Egg
    1/4 ts Milk
      8 lg Egg roll wrappers
           Chopped parsely
 
  Heat oil in frying pan to medium-high, about 350 degrees. Combine
  garlic, mayonnaise, cheese, and mustard in blender until smooth.
  Remove from blender. Cut each Polish sausage into two shorter halves
  and score lengthwise.  Beat egg and milk with fork until smooth.
  Place each sausage half at end of egg roll wrapper, add a dollop of
  mustard sauce and roll sausage into wrapper, sealing ends with egg
  mixture. Fry in hot oil until lightly browned on all sides. Garnish
  with chopped parsley and serve with extra mustard sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN HOT DISH
 Categories: Hamburger, Main dish, Meats, Vegetables, Cheese
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Lean Ground Beef
    1/2 c  Onion; Chopped, 1 Md
      8 oz Whole Kernel Corn, 1 Cn
      8 oz Tomato Sauce; 1 Cn
    1/4 c  Ripe Olives; Pitted, Halved
      4 oz Noodles; Uncooked, Abt 2 C
      2 c  Water
      1 ts Oregano Leaves
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 c  Cheddar Cheese; Shredded
 
  Cook and stir the meat and onion in a large skillet until the meat is
  brown.  Drain off the excess fat. Stir in the UNDRAINED corn and the
  rest of the ingredients. TO COOK IN A SKILLET: Heat the mixture to
  boiling then reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, stirring
  occasionally, until the noodles are tender, about 20 minutes. Serve
  hot. TO COOK IN THE OVEN: Pour the mixture into an ungreased 2-quart
  casserole. Cover and bake in a 375 degree F. oven for 30 minutes,
  stirring occasionally. Uncover and bake until the mixture thickens,
  about 15 minutes. Serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN MEATLOAF *BTMF00B*
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 lb Grd chuck or sirloin
    3/4 c  Oatmeal
      1 x  Onion
    1/2 c  Catsup
    1/4 c  Milk
      2 x  Eggs
      1 tb Horseradish
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/2 c  Catsup
      1 tb Horseradish
      3 tb B. sugar
      2 ts Mustard(prepared)
 
  Combine first 9 ingredients; shape into two 7 1/2x4" loaves. Place on
  a lightly greased rack of a broiler pan; bake at 350 deg for 40 min.
  Combine 1/2 c catsup, 1 T horseradish & remaining ingredients; spoon
  over meatloaf & bake an additional 5 min. Yields 2 loaves. NOTE May
  freeze the second loaf.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN PIE PASTRY
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Frozen lard or shortening
           - cut into bits
      3 tb Ice water
 
  To ensure a tender crust, this recipe should not be doubled.
  Thoroughly freezing the lard or shortening will give you the flakiest
  crust.
  
  PLACE THE FLOUR AND SALT in the bowl of a food processor and pulse 2-3
  times. Scatter the lard or shortening over the flour mixture.
  Sprinkle with the water and process about 5 seconds or until dough
  just begins to form. Shape into a ball, then flatten it slightly.
  Dust lightly with flour and place in the center of a 2-gallon-size
  plastic storage bag. It may be refrigerated at this point up to 40
  minutes. With the storage bag open and the dough circle centered in
  the bag, roll the dough into a circle that almost touches the edges
  of the bag. Cut and discard the top sheet of the plastic bag so that
  the dough is lying on the bottom sheet. Flip onto the pie plate; peel
  the plastic off and discard. Cut the pastry so it hangs about an inch
  over the rim. Lightly press the overhanging pastry under (between the
  pastry and the pie tin). Pinch or crease the edges of the pastry in a
  zigzag or fluted pattern. This is not only decorative, it also acts
  as a wall to keep the filling in. Yield: 1 single-crust 8- to 10-inch
  pie shell.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN SALMON SAUTE W/MUSHROOM SAUCE
 Categories: Seafood, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 cn Low-salt chicken broth,
           -14 1/2 oz size/
      6 c  Sliced mushrooms
      2 tb Olive oil
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
           -Freshly ground pepper to
           -taste
    1/2 c  Non-fat plain yogurt
      2 ts Cornstarch
      4    Salmon steaks, about 6 oz ea
 
  Pour broth into small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat and
  reduce to 1 cup. Set aside. Meanwhile, saute mushrooms in oil in a
  large skillet over high heat 5 minutes, or until golden brown. Reduce
  heat to medium and stir in garlic. Saute 1 to 2 minutes. Season with
  pepper. Add yogurt and cornstarch to reduced broth and whisk to
  blend. Whisk yogurt mixture into mushrooms. Bring to a boil, stirring
  constantly until thickened. Remove from heat and keep warm. Season
  salmon steaks with salt and pepper and saute in a lightly oiled
  non-stick pan over medium-high heat 10 minutes per inch of thickness,
  or until fish just flakes when tested with a fork. Turn once while
  cooking. Arrange each salmon steak on a dinner plate with reserved
  sauce. Serving suggestion:  Try this with Garlic Mashed Potatoes and
  buttered peas.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------JUDY VOCELKA   (NFXS18B-----------------------
      3 pt Fresh strawberries
      2 ts Orange juice
      4 tb Sugar
           Grated rind of 1 orange
    1/4 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Sour cream
      4 tb Sugar; optional
    1/4 ts Sugar or honey
      2 c  Flour
      4 tb Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Solid shortening
      2 c  Whipping cream
 
  WHIPPED CREAM: whip cold cream (with sugar) until soft peaks form. 1.
  Combine sliced berries; sugar or honey; and orange juice. Let stand
  at room temp. for 1 hr. 2. Sift all dry ingredients together into a
  med bowl. Add orange rind. Add butter and shortening; and work thme
  into flour-mixutre thoroughly. 3. Lightly mix in sour cream with a
  fork to form a soft dough. 4. roll dough out onto lighlty floured
  board; 3/4 in thick. Cut into 4 circles; about 4 in wide (use a 2-lb
  coffee can as a cutter.) 5. Place on ungreased baking sheet. Bake at
  400 about 20 mins. or until golden. 6. While still warm; use fork and
  split cakes in half. Place each on desset plate. Top with drained
  berries and second half of cake. Top wtih additional berries. ladel
  some juice on top. Garnish with whipped cream and a strawberry.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN SUCCOTASH
 Categories: Main dish, Native, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  Frozen corn kernels, thawed
      2 lb Fresh lima bean
      1 md Leek, cleaned and chopped
      1 tb Olive oil
      2 c  Tomatoes, chopped
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
    1/2 c  Parsley, chopped
 
  1. Cut the corn from their husks and remove the lima beans from their
  pods.
  
  2. In a large skillet, saut the leek in the oil until it wilts, 2-3
  minutes. Add the corn, lima beans, tomatoes, salt and pepper.
  
  3. Bring to a simmer over high heat. Cover and turn the heat to low,
  then simmer for 10 minutes. Add the parsley. SErve hot or at room
  temperature.
  
  Note: If you use frozen lima beans, defrost them and add them during
  the last few minutes of cooking.
  
  "The Occasional Vegetarian" by Karen Lee.  Posted by Diane Lazarus
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-AMERICAN TUNA-SALAD SANDWICHES
 Categories: Low fat, Fish/shellf
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Cans (6 ounces each)water-
           -packed white tuna; drained
      1 c  Diced celery
      1 c  Shredded carrots
      1 c  Diced tomato
    1/2 c  Plain nonfat yogurt
    1/4 c  Thinly sliced scallions
      2 tb Reduced-fat mayonnaise
    1/2 ts Freshly ground pepper
      8 sl Whole-wheat bread, toasted
 
    Put tuna in a medium-size bowl and flake with a fork. Add remaining
  salad ingredients and mix until blended. Makes 3 1/3 cups tuna salad-
  enough for 4 sandwiches. Prep time: 15 minutes. Total cost: $5.60.
  Source: Woman's Day 9/19/95. Typos by Elizabeth Wood 8/95. From:
  Elizabeth Wood
                  Date: 06 Oct 96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-APPLE OR APPLE RASPBERRY JELLY
 Categories: Condiments, Fruits, Low-fat
      Yield: 32 Servings
 
      2    Unsweetened apple juice
           -concentrate; or another ble
      1    Dry pectin for jams and
           -jellies
           Made with little or no sugar
 
  ~-Patially thaw concentrate and add enough water to make 1 quart; pur
  into a 5-6 quart pan.  Add pectin; stir until dissolved, about 10
  minutes. Scrap e the pan sides often. --On medium-high heat, sit
  until boiling. On high heat bring to a rolling boil that can't be
  stirred down; boil exactly one minute.  Off the heat, sk im off foam.
  Pour hot liquid into 1-2 cup jars to within 1/2 inch of rims. --Wipe
  rims clean, then cover with lids. Let jelly cool; serve or chill up
  to 3 months. Makes 4 cups. These have a base of fruit juice
  concentrate so make sure that you purchase concentrates that have no
  added sugars. These do not save calories but for some people they are
  more refreshing and digest easier
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-APPLE SALAD WITH FLORIDA DRESSING
 Categories: Apples, Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 oz Strawberry yogurt
      4    Juice of citruses
           -(Valencia orange, navel,
           -tangerine, tangelo,
           -for example)
      6    Different kinds of apples
 
  Note: Try Red and Golden Delicious, Granny Smith, Rome Beauty,
  MacIntosh and Winesap apples.
  
  Core and dice apples. mix yogurt and juices and pour over apples.
  Chill and serve. Makes 4 to 6 servings.
  
  Nutritional analysis per serving: 120.8 calories; 0.9 grams total fat
  (0.5 grams saturated fat); 1.3 grams protein; 23.5 grams
  carbohydrates; 1.4 milligrams cholesterol; 12.9 milligrams sodium.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-BEEF TEXAS CHILI
 Categories: Beef
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/3 c  (approximately) corn oil
      6 lb Beef chuck -- in 1/2-inch
           Cubes
        c  Minced onion
    1/3 c  Minced garlic
      3 c  (approximately) beef broth
      3 c  Flat beer
  1 1/2 c  Water
    1/4 c  High-quality chili powder,
           Or more -- to taste
      6 lb Tomatoes (three 2 lb. cans)
           Drained and chopped
    1/3 c  Tomato paste
  1 1/2 tb Minced fresh oregano
      3 tb Cumin seed
           Salt -- to taste
           Cayenne pepper -- to taste
           Masa harina or cornmeal --
           If needed
 
  1. In a large heavy skillet over moderately high heat, warm 3
  tablespoons of the oil. Brown beef in batches, adding more oil as
  necessary and transferring meat with a slotted spoon to a large
  stockpot when well browned. Do not crowd skillet.
  
  2. Reduce heat to moderately low. Add onion and garlic and saute until
  softened (about 10 minutes). Add to stockpot along with broth, beer,
  the water, chili powder, tomato, tomato paste, and oregano.
  
  3. In a small skillet over low heat, toast cumin seed until fragrant;
  do not allow to burn. Grind in an electric minichopper or with a
  mortar and pestle. Add to stockpot.
  
  4. Over high heat bring mixture to a simmer. Add salt, cayenne, and
  more chili powder to taste. Reduce heat to maintain a simmer and
  cook, partially covered, until beef is tender (about 1-1/2 hours).
  Check occasionally and add more broth if mixture seems dry. If chili
  is too thin when meat is tender, stir in up to 2 tablespoons masa
  harina. Cook an additional 5 minutes to thicken. Serve chili hot.
  
  Recipe By     : the California Culinary Academy
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-BRAN EXTRA FIBER MUFFINS (OVO LACTO)
 Categories: Muffins, Breads, Low-fat, Prodigy, Dec.
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 tb Baking powder
      2 c  Kellogg's all-bran cereal
  1 1/4 c  Skim milk
    1/4 c  Skim milk
      1    Egg beaters 99% real egg pro
  1 1/4 c  Flour
 
  Stir together flour, sugar  & baking powder . In a large mixing bowl
  combine cereal & milk. Let stand 5min or until cereal softens. Add egg
  beater and applesauce. Beat well. Add flour mixture stirring only
  until combined. Pour into 12 muffin cups. Bake at 400 degrees for 20
  min until lightly brown. Serve warm.
  : Nutrition (per serving): 146 calories Total Fat 1 g (4% of calories)
  :
  
  D/L from Prodigy 12-14-94. Recipe collection of Sue Smith. 1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-BRAN SEED LOAF
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Whole wheat flour
    3/4 c  Flour, all-purpose
      1 tb Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Sesame seeds
      2 ts Poppy seeds
    3/4 c  Orange juice
    1/4 c  Honey
      2 ea Eggs
    1/4 c  Vegatable Oil
    1/2 c  Bran cereal
 
  Stir together flour, baking powder, salt and seeds. In large bowl,
  beat together orange juice, honey, eggs and cereal. Let stand 2 min.
  Add flour mixture, stirring only until well combined. Spread evenly
  in greased 8.5 x 4.5 x 2" loaf pan.  Bake at 350f about 40 min. Let
  cool 10 min and remove from pan.  Cool completely before slicing.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-DAY APPLE BUTTER/TOH
 Categories: Canning
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  5 1/2 lb Apples, peeled
           And finely chopped
      4 c  Sguar
      3 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground cloves
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Recipe by: Taste of Home Oct/Nov '96 Place apples in a slow cooker.
  Combine sugar, cinnamon, cloves and salt; pour over apples and mix
  well. Cover and cook on high for 1 hour. Reduce heat to low; cover
  and cook for 9-11 hours or until thickened and dark brown, stirring
  occasionally (stir more frequently as it thickens to prevent
  sticking). Uncover and cook on low 1 hour longer. If desired, stir
  with a wire whisk until smooth. Spoon into freezer containers,
  leaving 1/2-inch headspace. Cover and refrigerate or freeze.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-DAY BEANS
 Categories: Beans, Four star
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Dried pinto beans
      6 c  Water
      1 md Onion -- thinly sliced
      6    Beef bouillon cubes -- or
           Chicken
      2 ts Dried crushed red chili
           Peppers
      2 ts Garlic -- or to taste
      2 oz Lean salt pork -- optional
 
  Wash beans and discard any blemished beans. In a heavy 3 to 4 quart
  saucepan or slow cooker, bring water to a boil. Drop in beans and cook
  briskly for 2 minutes. Turn off heat, cover and let soak 1 hour. Add
  onion, garlic, crushed chilies, bouillon, pork and bring to a boil
  over high heat. Reduce heat to its lowest setting and simmer tightly
  covered for 5 1/2 hours or until tender. Add water as necessary. Salt
  can be added at the end if desired.
  
  Goes good with hamburgers or barbecue.  Also can be served in bowls
  with a mound of salsa on top.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-DAY-LONG CROCKPOT BEEF
 Categories: Crockpot, Meats
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Beef roast; * see note
    1/2 ts Black pepper
      2    Garlic cloves; minced
    1/2 pk Onion soup mix
      2 ts Worcestershire sauce
      1 ts Steak sauce
      3    Carrots; sliced
      2    Celery stalks; diced
      1    Green bell pepper; chopped
      1    Yellow onion
    1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Tomato juice
 
  Recipe by: Jo Anne Merrill Preparation Time: 8:00 * Use any cut of
  beef roast desired.
  
       1. Cut beef roast into serving-sized portions. Use more beef if
  you need more than 6 servings. Brown beef in a bit of vegetable oil,
  although you can skip this step if rushed for time.
       2. Slice onion and separate into rings. Dice the peeled carrots,
  dice the celery and slice the peppers into thin strips or circles.
  Place these into bottom of crockpot. Sprinkle the beef pieces with
  fresh ground black pepper, minced garlic and the onion soup mix.
  Place on top of the vegetables.
       3. Mix the steak sauce and Worcestershire sauce in a small bowl
  with about 1/2 cup water and 1/2 cup tomato juice. Pour this over the
  meat.
       4. Turn the crockpot to high for 30 minutes, or, if you're in a
  hurry, skip this step. Turn to low, cover and cook for 7-9 hours.
  
  * Keep the crockpot covered as much as possible throughout cooking
  time. A crockpot can be used to cook this type of meal for a varied
  amount of time, depending on your schedule. It is not important that
  you take the meat and vegetables out at a specific amount of time.
  One or two hours either way usually makes no difference.
  
       When ready to serve, dip meat and vegetables out of pot with a
  slotted spoon. Use the liquid as is or turn crockpot to high and
  thicken liquid with a little flour or cornstarch.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-IN-ONE FIESTA STEW POT
 Categories: Wasnone
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
 
        3 TB all-purpose flour
      1/2 ts ground cumin
      1/2 ts chili powder
      1/2 ts garlic powder
      1/4 ts ground cinnamon
    1 1/2 lb lean beef chuck -- cut in 1"
  :          cubes
        2 TB vegetable oil
        1 c  nonfat beef broth
      1/2 c  apple juice
        6 sm white potatoes -- peeled and
  :          quartered
        2 md sweet potatoes -- peeled and
  :          cubed
        1 md green bell pepper -- cored
  :          and seeded
  :          and cut in 2" strips --
  :          cored and seeded
        1 md red bell pepper
  :          and cut in 2" strips
        1 md onion -- peeled and
  :          slivered
       10 oz tomatoes with green chilis
        8 oz tomato sauce
        2 TB honey
        2    Granny Smith apples -- core
  :          cut in 1" cubes
   15 1/4 oz red kidney beans -- drained
        2 TB flat leaf parsley --
  :          chopped
  :          cheddar cheese -- shredded
  :          for garnish
  :          black olives -- coarsely
  :          chopped
  
  1. Combine the flour, cumin, chili powder, garlic powder and cinnamon
  in a large bowl.  Add the beef cubes and toss with a fork to coat. 2.
  Heat the oil in a large, heavy pot over medium-high heat. Brown the
  beef, in batches, on all sides.  Return the beef to the pot. Add the
  beef broth and apple juice.  Cover and simmer over medium heat until
  the meat is tender, about 1 hour. 3. Add the potatoes, bell peppers,
  onion, tomatoes with green chilies, tomato sauce and honey. Cover and
  simmer until the potatoes are tender, about 30 to 35 minutes. 4. Add
  the apples and kidney beans. Cover and simmer until the apples are
  tender, about 15 minutes. Stir in the chopped parsley.  Serve in
  shallow bowls, garnished with the shredded cheese and chopped olives.
  
  Recipe By     : Marge Walker, Santa Claus, Indiana, Parade Magazine
  Serving Size  : 6    Preparation Time
  :0:00 Categories :
  
  From: "Sharon L. Nardo" <snardo@onramp.Date: Sun, 27 Oct 1996 09:33:31
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-IN-ONE SALAD BOWL
 Categories: Salads, Dressings
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 ea Artichoke hearts, cut in
           -half
      1 c  Green beans, cooked, drained
           -and chilled
    1/2 ea Bermuda onion, thinly sliced
      1 c  Peas, cooked, drained and
           -chilled
    1/2 c  Radishes, sliced
      2 c  Salad greens, broken
      1 ea Tomato, cut in eighths
    3/4 c  Salad oil
    1/4 c  Vinegar
    1/4 ts Sugar
    3/4 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Pepper
      1 ea Clove garlic, crushed
      1 ea Egg, hard-cooked, chopped
    1/4 c  Mustard pickle
 
  Place artichoke hearts, green beans, onion, peas, radishes, salad
  greens and tomato in salad bowl. Toss together lightly. Place the
  next 8 ingredients in a jar or shaker; blend thoroughly. Pour enough
  dressing over salad to moisten and toss lightly again. Makes 6
  servings.
  
  Source: Florence P. Hanford's Television Kitchen Meals, 1964.
  
  Shared by: June Hoffman, 9/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-IN-ONE TUNA CASSEROLE
 Categories: Main dish, Fish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ea Env. Golden Onion Soup Mix
  1 1/2 c  Milk
     10 oz Frozen Peas & Carrots *
      8 oz Medium Egg Noodles **
  6 1/2 oz Tuna, Drained & Flaked
      2 oz Shredded Chedar Cheese ***
 
  *    Frozen Peas & Carrots should be thawed. ** Egg Noodles should be
  cooked and drained. *** Cheese should equal 1/2 C
  ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~------------------ Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. In large bowl,
  blend golden onion recipe soup mix with milk; stir in peas & carrots,
  cooked noodles and tuna.
   Turn into greased 2-quart oblong baking dish, then top with cheese.
  Bake 20 minutes or until bubbling.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-PURPOSE CHILI SAUCE
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 2 Pints
 
      1 lb Red chili peppers, washed &
           -- dried
      2 c  Rice vinegar
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/3 c  Salt
    1/3 c  Sake
      1 c  Garlic cloves, peeled
 
  Place all ingredients in a blender or food processor & blend until a
  thick paste is formed.
  
  Use to add some pizzazz to stir-fries.
  
  Puangkram C. Schmitz & Michael J. Worman, "Practical Thai Cooking"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-PURPOSE POTATO-BASED GRAVY
 Categories: Potatoes, Sauces, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 sm Or 1 lg potato
      1 c  Water
      1    Brown onion -- coursely
           Minced
           Coursely ground black
           Pepper
           Olive oil -- amt. opt
           Veggie stock concentrate --
           (such as Vegex
           Or Organic Gourmet
           Vegetable
           Broth concentrate) -- to
           Taste
 
  (Optional: Any combination of stuff like poppy seeds, celery seeds,
  toasted sesame seeds, Lawry's Seasoned Salt) Microwave the potato(s)
  for about 8 minutes more or less, depending on your potato(s) and
  your microwave. Then, put them in a blender (do not peel) with the
  water and whirl until you have a puree. Set aside. In a hot skillet
  (I use my trusty electric wok), saute the onion in the olive oil
  until it's the way you like it. Pour in the potato puree, and moosh
  it around, cooking the hell out of it until it's also the way you
  like it (is there any other way?), adding seasonings to taste. That's
  it!  This is great over steamed veggies or grains or biscuits or
  toast  or eggs or corn on the cob or spinach even potatos! You could
  try it over ice cream or fruit salad but you'd be really weird.
  
  Recipe By     : BuktiMukti
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-PURPOSE SALAD DRESSING
 Categories: Dressings, Salads, Cyberealm
      Yield: 3 /4 cup
 
      2 tb Wine
      2 tb Vinegar
      1 tb Dijon Mustard
    1/2 c  Olive Oil
    1/4 ts Dried Oregano
    1/4 ts Dried Parsley
      1    Clove Garlic, minced
 
  In a small bowl whisk together wine, vinegar, and mustard until
  blended. Slowly pour in olive oil, whisking constantly. Whisk in
  oregano, parsley, and garlic. Use for a dressing on mixed greens.
  
  Source: Victoria Magazine, June 1994 Typed by Katherine Smith
  Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-SEASON BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour
      2 ts Soda
      2 c  Sugar
      1 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Vegetable oil
    1/2 ts Baking powder
      3    Eggs
      2 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Chopped walnuts or pecans
      1 cn Crushed pineapple
      2 c  Prepared fruit or
           Vegetable, as below
 
  Contributed to the echo by: BOYD NARON ALL-SEASON BREAD Apple Bread:
  Shred two peeled, cored apples to make 2 cups. Carrot Bread: Peel and
  shred 2 carrots to make 2 cups. Stir in 1 T.
   reserved pineapple juice.
  
  Sweet Potato Bread: Peel and shred 1 sweet potato to make 2 cups. Stir
      in 1 T. of reserved pineapple juice.
  
  Zucchini Bread: Shred 2 zucchini to make 2 cups.
  
  Combine first six ingredients and set aside. Beat eggs and add next 3
  ingredients. Beat until creamy. Drain pineapple and reserve 1 T. if
  called for. Stir in pineapple and prepared fruit or vegetable. Stir
  in dry ingredients just until moistened. Spoon into 2 greased and
  floured 5x3 loaf pans. Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour or until
  toothpick comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes before removing.
  
  Other pans: Two 6-cup Bundt pans take 45 minutes. Two shortening cans
  take 1 hour and 15 minutes. Two 7x3-1/2x2 pans take 45 to 50 minutes.
  Eight 4-1/2x2-1/2x1-1/2 pans take about 30 to 35 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-SEASON QUICK BREAD OR MUFFINS    (BASIC R
 Categories: Muffins
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      1 c  Whole wheat flour
      2 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Soda
      1 ts Baking powder
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 c  Walnuts, chopped
      3 lg Eggs
      1 c  Sugar, white or brown
      1 c  Oil
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Prepared fruits such as
           Banana, zucchini, carrot,
           Tomato, orange or apple
 
  COMMENTS: Choose from the following: Banana: Peel and pure 4 to 5
  medium bananas for 2 cup total. Carrot: Grate 1 or more medium
  carrots for 2 cups total. Zucchini: Shred 3 medium zucchinis for 2
  cups total. Orange: Grate one tablespoon orange rind. Peel seed and
  chop 4 medium oranges for 2 cups total. Apples: Peel, core and shred
  four medium apples. To two cups shredded apple, add one teaspoon
  lemon juice. Tomato: Peel three to four medium tomatoes. Cut in
  halves and squeeze out seeds. Chop and measures two cups pulp. For
  quick loaves, have ready two greased loaf pans, 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2
  inches. For muffins, have ready 2 12-cup muffin pans. In a medium
  bowl, combine flours, soda, baking powder, cinnamon and walnuts. If
  preparing muffin mix for storage, omit nuts and divide dry
  ingredients into three batches. In a large bowl, whisk eggs until
  foamy, add sugar, oil and vanilla and whisk until blended. Add choice
  of fruit or vegetables. Add dry ingredients and stir with fork just
  until blended. Do not beat. Divide dough between loaf pans or muffins
  pans. Bake loaves in preheated 350'F. oven for 50 to 60 minutes or
  until tops are golden brown and a toothpick inserted in centre of
  loaves comes out clean. Cool in pans for 10 minutes, before turning
  loaves out on wire racks. When completely cool, wrap loaves in
  aluminum foil and refrigerate for 24 hours before slicing. To freeze
  for up to one month, put foil-wrapped loaf in heavy plastic bag and
  seal. Bake muffins in pre-heated 375'F. oven, 12 minutes for large
  ones, 10 minutes for small. Serve hot. For one-third muffin batch:
  Use one cup plus one tablespoon dry mix, one egg, 1/2 cup sugar, 1/3
  cup oil, 1/2 tsp. vanilla, 2/3 cup prepared fruit or vegetable and
  1/3 cup nuts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-SOUTH BARBECUE RUB
 Categories: Rubs
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 tb Salt
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Brown sugar
      2 tb Ground cumin
      2 tb Chili powder
      2 tb Black pepper -- freshly
      1    Cracked
      1 tb Cayenne pepper
      4 tb Paprika
 
  All you do is throw them together and mix them well.
  
  Recipe By     : The Thrill of the Grill by Chris Schlesinger
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-TIME FAVORITE BARBECUE SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 c  Condensed Tomato Soup
    1/4 c  Vinegar
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
      2 tb Packed brown sugar
      1 tb Worcestershire sauce
      1 ts Garlic powder
    1/8 ts Louisiana-style hot sauce
           -(optional)
 
  In small bowl, combine soup, vinegar, oil, brown sugar,
  Worchestershire sauce, garlic powder and hot sauce; set aside. Use
  sauce to baste ribs, chicken, hamburgers or steak during broiling or
  grilling. Makes about 1 1/3 cups sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT COLESLAW
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables, Formatted
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Cabbage, head; grated
           Salt; to taste
           Pepper, black; to taste
      2 pk Sweetener, artificial
    1/4 c  Vinegar, wine
 
    Toss and chill. Each serving = however much you eat!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLBRAN FRUIT LOAF
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Milk
      1 c  Dried mixed fruit
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  All-bran
      1 c  Flour
 
  Soak first four ingredients together for at least 1 hour. Mix the
  flour in well, and put into a greased lined loaf tin and bake for
  approximately 1 hour at 180C (GM4 375F). The cake is delicious, and
  served in slices with a little margarine on. If you wrap it in foil
  and keep for a few days (if it lasts that long) the flavour gets even
  better. The all-bran is available in the UK as Kellogg's AllBran.
  It's sort of little sticks of high-fibre bran stuff. If you can't get
  it in the US, I don't know what the equivalent is (not having been to
  the US myself).
  
  [You should come visit!  All Bran sounds like a variety of breakfast
  cereal, yes? -- SdS] Posted By Sharon.Curtis@comlab.oxford.ac.uk
  (Sharon Curtis) On rec.food.recipes or rec.food.cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLETHEA WALL'S BROWN SUGAR-BANANA POUND CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 lb Brown sugar,light
      1 c  White sugar
      1 lb Butter
      5    Eggs
      2    Bananas,large,mashed
      3 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Milk
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Pecans
 
  1. Preheat oven to 35'F.
  2. Cream brown and white sugars with butter until very light and
  fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.
  Stir in mashed bananas.
  3. Sift flour with baking powder and salt. Mix milk and vanilla
  together. Add each to first mixture alternately. Stir in the pecans.
  Pour into a 10" well-greased tube pan. Bake in preheated oven for
    1-1/2    hours, or until firm.
  4. Place upside down on a cake rack; when cool, invert and turn out
  onto rack.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLETHEA WALL'S COPPER PENNIES (PICKLED CARRO
 Categories: Vegetables, Pickles
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      2 lb Carrots
      1    Onion,medium-sized
      1    Green pepper,medium
      1 cn Tomato soup
      1 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Vinegar
      1 ts Worcestershire sauce
      1 ts Mustard
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  1. Scrape and slice carrots thinly; peel and chop onion; cut pepper in
  half, remove seeds, and cut into thin slivers.
  
  2. Combine remaining ingredients, blend well, and pour over
  vegetables in a large nonmetal bowl. Cover and refrigerate several
  hours before serving.
  
  3. Drain and serve as an appetizer or as a relish.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLETHEA WALL'S COPPER PENNIES (PICKLED CARRO
 Categories: Relishes, Pickles, Vegetables
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      2 lb Carrots
      1 md Onion
      1 md Green pepper
      1 cn Tomato soup
      1 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Vinegar
      1 ts Worcestershire sauce
      1 ts Mustard
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Scrape and slice carrots thinly; peel and chop onion; cut pepper in
  half, remove seeds, and cut into thin slivers. Combine remaining
  ingredients, blend well, and pour over vegetables in a large nonmetal
  bowl. Cover and refrigerate several hours before serving. Drain and
  serve as an appetizer or as a relish.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLGAEUER KAESESPATZEN
 Categories: Mehlspeisen, Nudeln
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
           3/8 l Milch
           30 g Butter oder Margarine
           Salz
           Evtl. Muskat
           200 g Mehl
           100 g Mondamin
           2 grosse Eier
           100 g geriebener Schweizer
           - -Kaese
           20 g Butter
 
    Milch mit Butter oder Margarine, etwas Salz und feingeriebener
  Muskatnuss zum Kochen aufsetzen. Mehl und Mondamin auf einmal
  hineinschuetten. Die Masse glattruehren und solange schlagen, bis sie
  sich vom Topf loest. Unter die abgekuehlte Masse erst das eine und
  dann das 2. Ei ruehren. Mit 2 Teeloeffeln Kloesschen abstechen,
  gleichmaessig formen und im siedenden Wasser ziehen lassen, bis sie
  oben schwimmen. Die Kloesschen mit einem Schaumloeffel herausnehmen,
  abtropfen lassen, schichtweise mit geriebenem Kaese in kleine,
  gefettete Auflaufform geben und die Oberflaeche mit geriebenem Kaese
  ueberstreuen, Butterfloeckchen daraufsetzen und im mittelheissem Ofen
  20 Minuten ueberbacken. Die Allgaeuer Kaesespatzen eignen sich mit
  Salat gereicht gut als saettigendes Abendessen.
  
  *  Aus dem Mondaminkalender 1958
  
  Erfasser: Barbara Datum: 13.01.1993 Stichworte: Kaese, Mehlspeisen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIED RECIPES FOR CHAO TOM
 Categories: Vietnamese, Condiments, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Text Only
 
  ROASTED RICE POWDER (THINH) Roasted rice powder is used as a
  flavoring and binding agent in various recipes throughout this book.
  It is necessary to soak the rice first in order to obtain a deep
  golden color after roasting. Soaking also makes the rice easier to
  grind. 1/2 cup raw glutinous rice Soak the glutinous rice in warm
  water for 1 hour. Drain. Place the rice in a small skillet over
  moderate heat.  Toast the rice, stirring constantly with chopsticks
  or a wooden spoon, until deep golden brown, about 15 minutes.
  Transfer the roasted rice to a spice grinder or blender and process
  to a fine powder (the powder should resemble saw dust). Sift the
  ground rice through a very fine sieve into a bowl. Discard the grainy
  bits. Store the rice powder in a tightly covered jar in your
  refrigerator and use as needed. It will keep for up to 3 months.
  Yield: 1 cup. SCALLION OIL (HANH LA PHI): Many Vietnamese dishes
  require this delicate scallionflavored oil. Brushed over noodles,
  barbecued meats, vegetables or breads, it complements each item. 1/4
  cup peanut oil, 2 scallions, finely sliced Heat the oil in a small
  saucepan until hot but not smoking, about 300F. Remove the pan from
  the heat and add the sliced scallions. Let the mixture steep at room
  temperature until completely cooled. This oil mixture will keep
  stored in a tightly covered jar at room temperature for 1 week.
  Yield: 1/4 cup CRISP FRIED SHALLOTS (HANH KHO PHI): This is an
  important ingredient in his many dishes throughout this book. Use as
  specified in recipes. 1/2 cup vegetable oil, 1/2 cup thinly sliced
  shallots Heat the oil in a small saucepan until hot but not smoking,
  about 300F. Add the shallots and fry over moderate heat until crispy
  and golden brown, about 5 minutes. Do not overcook.  Immediately
  remove the shallots with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels.
  Reserve the oil for another use. Cooked this way, shallots can be
  stored in a tightly covered jar on the kitchen shelf for up to 1
  month.  Yield: about 1/3 cup. ROASTED PEANUTS (DAU PHONG RANG): Use
  shelled and skinned unsalted peanuts for this purpose. Cook a small
  amount at a time and use shortly after they are roasted to preserve
  their flavor. Amounts are specified in recipes using roasted peanuts.
  Place the peanuts in a skillet over moderate heat and cook, stirring
  constantly, until the nuts turn golden brown, about 5 minutes. Allow
  to cool. Pound in a mortar with a pestle or process in a spice
  grinder until the peanuts are a bit chunky. Store-bought
  dry-roasted-roasted unsalted peanuts may be substituted in recipes
  calling for roasted peanuts. PEANUT SAUCE (NUOC LEO): This delicious
  sauce originated in the central region and is used as a dip for many
  dishes in this book. Usually, tuong, a fermented soybean sauce, and
  glutinous rice are used to produce this sauce. After several
  experiments, I ended up with this variation where tuong and glutinous
  rice are replaced by hoisin sauce and peanut butter, ingredients that
  are more readily available. 1/4 cup roasted peanuts, ground, 1
  tablespoon peanut oil, 2 garlic cloves, minced, 1 teaspoon chili
  paste (tuong ot tuoi), 2 tablespoons tomato paste, 1/2 cup chicken
  broth or water, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoon peanut butter, 1/4
  cup hoisin sauce, 1 fresh red chile pepper, seeded and thinly sliced
  Prepare the roasted peanuts. Set aside. Heat the oil in a small
  saucepan. When the oil is hot, add the garlic, chili paste and tomato
  paste, Fry until the garlic is golden brown, about 30 seconds. Add
  the broth, sugar, peanut butter and hoisin sauce and whisk to
  dissolve the peanut butter. Bring to a boil, Reduce the heat and
  simmer for 3 minutes. Divide the sauce among individual dipping bowls
  and garnish with the ground peanuts and sliced chile. Serve warm or
  at room temperature. Yield: About 1 cup. VEGETABLE PLATTER (DIA RAU
  SONG): Vietnamese meals include an abundance of fresh lettuce, herbs,
  unripe fruits and raw vegetables. These are arranged attractively on
  a platter and are used for wrapping cooked foods at the table,
  usually dipped in Nuoc Cham and eaten out of hand. The following
  herbs, both very important to the Vietnamese, would be authentic
  additions to the Vegetable Platter: One is the "saw leaf herb"
  (Eryngium foetidum, or ngo gai in Vietnamese), a coriander relative.
  The other is polygonum (P. pulchrum or rau ram in Vietnamese), with
  pinkish stems, pointed green leaves and purplish markings. They can
  be found occasionally at Southeast Asian markets. If you have access
  to unripe mango, banana, papaya or apple and star fruit (carambola),
  add them to the platter. You may select or substitute the ingredients
  according to availability and personal taste. 1 large head of Boston
  or other soft lettuce, separated into individual leaves, 1 bunch of
  scallions, cut into 2 inch lengths, 1 cup coriander leaves, 1 cup
  mint leaves, 1 cup fresh Asian or regular basil leaves, 1 cucumber,
  peeled in alternating strips, halved lengthwise and sliced thinly
  crosswise, 4 ounces fresh bean sprouts On a large platter,
  decoratively arrange all of the ingredients in separate groups. Use
  in recipes where required. Yield: 4 to 6 servings
  
  From "The Foods of Vietnam" by Nicole Rauthier. Stewart, Tabori &
  Chang. 1989.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; May 24 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR & ANDOUILLE SAUCE PIQUANTE
 Categories: Game, Gumbos & st, Pork & ham
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      5 lb Alligator meat
           Cajun seasoning
    1/4 c  Olive Oil -- +1 tsp.
  1 1/4 lb Smoked andouille sausage --
           Diced
      1 cn Tomato Sauce -- 10oz.
    1/3 c  Margarine
    1/3 c  Dark Roux
    1/4 c  Chicken Base
      4 c  Spanish Onion -- chopped
      1 c  Bell Pepper -- chopped
      1 c  Celery -- diced
      1 ts Cayenne Pepper
      2 tb Jalapeno Pepper -- diced
      1 ts Sugar
      2 tb Garlic -- chopped
      3 c  Fresh mushrooms -- sliced
      2 qt Water
    1/2 c  Green Onion Bottoms --
           Chopped
    1/2 c  Parsley -- chopped
      3 c  Rice -- cooked
           Mixture of cornstarch and
           Water for
           Thickening -- optional
 
  Rub both sides of alligator meat with Cajun seasoning and cut into 1
  inch by 1 inch pieces. If possible, allow to marinate overnight.
  Brown alligator in olive oil over high heat. Remove from pot. Saute
  andouille in same oil for 5 minutes and remove from pot. Pour tomato
  suace into pot with remaining oil. Stir sauce over high heat until it
  is very brown, burned. Keep stiring until a thick ball of paste
  forms. Add margarine, roux, chicken base, onions, bell pepper,
  celery, cayenne pepper, jalapeno peppers and sugar. Saute until
  onions are clear. Return alligator and andouille to pot. Add garlic,
  mushrooms and 3 cups of water. Bring to a boil and then reduce to
  medium heat. Cook for 1 hour, adding water as needed. Once alligator
  is tender, add green onions and parsley. Cornstarch mixture may be
  added to thicken gravey. Serve over hot cooked rice. Chicken,
  squirrel, rabbit, turtle or duck may be substituted for the
  alligator. Regular smoked sausage may be substituted for the
  andouille. Festival: Festival International de Louisiane; April
  25-30, 1995. Recipe: Prejean's Restaurant.
  
  Recipe By     : Cajun Country Recipes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR CACCIATORA BANQUET
 Categories: Cajun, Italian
      Yield: 100 Servings
 
      3 ea Adult Alligators
     15 lb Zucchini sliced
      3 cn Black pitted olives sliced
      1 c  Black pepper
      4 c  Oregano
      1 pk Bay leaves (small box)
      4 c  Vegetable oil
     50 lb Canned whole tomatoes
     10 lb Sliced onions
      1 c  Salt
    1/2 c  Crushed red pepper
      4 c  Diced fresh parsley
     20 lb Assorted green & Red
      1 ea Whole bulb of garlic
 
  peppers Alligators... Discard head, feet and tail. Wash and cut into
  individual portions. (so how much do 3 adult alligators weigh anyway?)
  Borrow, beg or steal huge cooking pot. Use medium heat for oil and
  garlic. Add alligator portions, turning often. Add tomatoes, bring to
  boil, simmer, add salt, pepper, red pepper, oregano, bay leaves, and
  parsley. Cover and simmer for 2 1/2 hours. Last 30 minutes add
  onions, peppers, zucchini. Last 5 min. add sliced olives. Serve with
  salad topped with favorite Italian dressing and crisp bread. "New
  Orleans Cooks The Italian Way" Locovozzi & Mollicone (note: this is a
  real recipe and there is a whole Italian area of New Orleans which as
  you can see is spicy like cajun, but truely Italian. I have though of
  ways to make this with some other meat, because we just don't have
  alligators in Milwaukee! Maybe buffalo?)
      Courtesy of Shareware RECIPE CLIPPER 1.2
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR EGGS
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     36 lg Jalapeno chilies, roasted
           -and peeled
    1/2 lb Cooked, peeled and deveined
           -shrimp, minced
      2 ts Mayonnaise
      2 ts Prepared chilli sauce
      2 ts Minced capers
      2 ts Minced green onions
      2 ts Minced fresh parsley
    1/2 ts Dijon mustard
    1/2 ts Horseradish
    1/4 ts Paprika
           -salt & fresh ground pepper
           -peanut oil
  1 3/4 c  All purpose flour
    3/4 c  Beer, room temp
      2    Eggs, room temp
      3 tb Minced green onions
      2 tb Vegetable oil
  1 1/2 tb Catsup
      2 ts Worcestershire sauce
  1 1/2 ts Fresh lemon juice
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
 
     Using small, sharp knife; cut 1 1/2 inch slit at stem end on side
  of each chili.  Scrape out seeds; do not tear stems. Rinse out
  chilies. Drain on towels. Mix next 9 ingredients. Season filling with
  salt and pepper. Spoon about 1 t into each chili (do not overstuff;
  chili should close). Arrange chilies on baking sheet. Refrigerate.
  Heat 3/4 inch peanut oil in heavy large skillet to 350 degrees.
  Blend in remaining ingredients in large bowl.  Dredge each chili in
  mixture, coating completely. Add chilies to skillet (in batches; do
  not crowd) and fry until golden brown, turning once, about five
  minutes.  Drain on paper towels and serve. From Bon Appetit, Dec '86.
  
  Makes 36
  
  From: TERRI ST.LOUIS              Date: 05-10-93 (23:42)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR ETOUFFEE
 Categories: Cajun, Main dish, Meats
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Alligator meat; cut in thin
           -strips
    1/2 lb Butter (2 sticks)
    1/2 c  Green onions; chopped
    1/4 c  Parsley; chopped
      2    Garlic cloves; minced
      4    Celery stalks; chopped
      1 cn Tomatoes; (sorry folks, no
           -size given)
           Salt, cayenne and black pepp
           -er
 
  Fat grams    per serving:              Approx. Cook Time: 1:20 Saute
  onions, garlic and celery in butter until soft. Add tomatoes and
  simmer for 20 minutes in covered iron pot. Add alligator meat and
  allow to cook over low heat until tender (approximately 1 hour). If
  gravy is too thick, add a little hot water. Serve over rice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR GRAND CHENIER
 Categories: Main dishes, Game
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4    Alligator filets
           Stuffing:
    1/4 c  Margarine
    1/2 c  Onions -- diced
    1/4 c  Bell pepper -- diced
    1/4 c  Celery -- diced
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cayenne pepper
    1/4 ts Black pepper
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
      1 c  Water
      2    Chicken bouillon cubes
      2 ts Parsley -- chopped
    1/4 c  Scallions -- chopped
  1 1/2 c  Bread crumbs from day old
           Bread
      1    Egg
      1 lb Dark crabmeat
 
  Carefully pound alligator filets into hand-size rectangles, without
  tearing meat. Lightly season with salt and cayenne pepper. Set aside.
  In a large skillet, melt margarine and Saute onion, bell pepper and
  celery until tender. Add salt, pepper and garlic to mixture and stir.
  Dissolve bouillon cubes in water, add to mixture and boil for 3
  minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in remaining ingredients, carefully
  folding in the crabmeat last. Spoon stuffing onto alligator filets
  and fold over "omelet-style." Secure edges with toothpicks if
  desired. Grill in a pre-heated 350 lightly greased skillet. Serve
  plain or with your favorite seafood sauce. Festival: Carencro Mardi
  Gras Festival; February 25-28, 1995.
  
  Recipe By     : Cajun Country Recipes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR JAMBALAYA
 Categories: Game, Cajun
      Yield: 256 Inch links
 
      1 lb Marinated alligator fillet
           -cut into small pieces
      1 lb Hot sausage (italian) cut
           -into chunks
      3 tb Oil
    2/3 c  Bell peppers chopped
      2 cl Garlic crushed
    3/4 c  Parsley
      1 c  Chopped fresh parsley
      1 c  Chopped celery
      2 cn Tomatoes (16 oz each)
      2 c  Chicken stock (2
           -pkgchicken cube mix +
           -water also works)
      1 c  Green onion
      2 ts Oregano
      2 ds Red hot sauce (optional)
           Cajun spices (blackened or
           -cajun king herbed spice
           -excellent) to
           Taste
           I use about a tablespoon
           Salt to taste
      2 c  Raw white rice
 
  Recipes from Chef John Folse Chef John Folse Home Page In deep frying
  pan (cast iron preferably) saute the bell pepper, garlic, parsley and
  celery. While this is cooking, add tomatoes & their liquid, the
  chicken stock &, green onion to a pot that can cook on the stove and
  in the oven (Corning ware ) Stir in spices, sauteed vegetables raw
  rice, sausage and alligator fillet pieces. Cook on medium-high heat
  until liquid is absorbed (stir occasionally to make sure rice doesn't
  burn on bottom) and then bake covered in the oven for 25 minutes.
  Good luck, I done this three times and the usual comment is its
  superb but where is the alligator...
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR MEATBALLS
 Categories: Game, Entre' or s, Main dishes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Alligator meat -- chop
      1    Egg
      1 tb Onion -- chop fine
      2 tb Celery -- chop fine
      1 tb Parsley -- chop fine
      2 tb Shallots -- chop fine
      2 ts Lemon pepper
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Bread crumbs
           Flour to dredge
      1 c  Cooking oil
 
  Mix all ingredients, form into 1" balls. Allow to set for 1 hour.
  Dredge with flour and fry until brown. Serve hot. Source: Louisiana
  Seafood & Wild Game.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR OR TURTLE SAUCE PIQUANTE
 Categories: Ground beef, Gumbos & st
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 lb Alligator Meat (Tail Meat)
      3 tb Cooking oil
      3 tb All-purpose flour
      3 md Onions -- chopped
      2    Cloves garlic -- chopped
      2    #2 Cans Tomatoes Or
      1 cn Rotel tomatoes
      1 cn Tomato paste -- (6 ounce)
           Boiling water
      3    Ribs celery -- chopped
  1 1/2 bn Shallots -- finely cut
      2 lg Bell peppers -- chopped
      4    Bay leaves -- (4 to 6)
      1 ts Allspice
      1 tb Sugar
    1/4 lb Butter
      1    Lemon -- thinly sliced
      1 cn Mixed Chinese vegetables
           With water chestnuts
           Salt and pepper to taste
           Sherry or red wine-optional
 
  Parboil or pressure cook the meat, tenderizer helps. Brown flour in
  oil to make a roux. Add vegetables and tomato paste and cook slowly
  for 30-40 minutes. Add chunks of alligator meat with enough boiling
  water to cover. Boil down for 30 minutes. Add celery, shallots, green
  peppers, bay leaves, Allspice, sugar and Chinese vegetables. The last
  ingredients give a nice body to the roux, particularly the crunchy
  water chestnuts. If desired, sherry or red wine may also be added to
  the sauce. Raise heat and thicken. Add sliced lemon and butter just
  before serving. This recipe for sauce piquante may be used for many
  other kinds of meats. Festival: Kliebert's Annual Alligator Day;
  August 19,
     1995    Recipe: Carl Guillot
  
  Recipe By     : New Orleans Recipes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR SAUCE PIQUANT
 Categories: Allegator, Cajun, Main dish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 lb Cubed alligator meat
    1/2 c  Chopped celery
      1 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Chopped bell pepper
      1 c  Oil
      8 oz Can chopped mushrooms
      4 tb Butter
      1 c  Water
      2 md Chopped onions
      1    Jar salad olives
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/4 c  Chopped parsley
      1 cn Tomato paste
    1/4 c  Chopped scallions
           To taste salt & cayenne
           -Pepper
 
  *** Soak meat with Tabasco and lemon juice for 30 minutes prior to
  cooking. Rinse before cooking. Make roux with 1 cup oil and 1 cup
  flour and cook until golden. Saute onions in roux until brown. Add
  tomato paste and sugar and cook about 5 minutes. Add bell pepper,
  celery, garlic, mushrooms and stir well. Add water and cook 1 hour
  over low heat. Add scallions, parsley, alligator (cut in small
  pieces, and preferably meat other than from the tail) salt, pepper
  and cayenne to taste. Cover pot and cook slowly for 30 minutes or
  until meat is tender. Add olives which have been soaked in water and
  cook a few minutes longer.
  
  Serve over cooked rice Walt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR SAUCE PIQUANT-1
 Categories: Game, Gumbos & st
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
 
        5 lb Alligator meat -- trim/cube
        1 c  Olive oil
        3 c  Flour -- All-purpose
        5 c  Onion -- chopped
        2 c  Green onion -- chopped
        1 c  Bell pepper -- chopped
      1/2 c  Celery -- chopped
        2 c  Tomatoes -- fresh/chopped
        8 c  Water -- cold
        2 TB Garlic -- finely chopped
        2 TB Worcestershire sauce
  :          Juice of 1 lemon
  :          Salt to taste
  :          Tabasco sauce to taste
        2 c  White wine -- dry
        6 c  Tomato sauce
  
  Make a dark roux with olive oil and flour.  When roux is dark brown,
  add onion, green onion, bell pepper, and celery; cover and cook until
  onions are clear, stirring occasionally. Add tomatoes and continue
  cooning for 10 min; stir often. Add water and stir to make a thick
  liquid. Add garlic, Worcestershire, lemon juice, salt, hot sauce,
  wine, and tomato sauce, making sure to mix well. Add alligator, and
  enough water to cover the ingredients by 2 inches; stir to mix. Bring
  to a boil, stirring frequently. After it comes to a boil, turn heat
  to low and cover, checking from time to time, and stir to prevent
  sauce from sticking. Continue cooking for 3 to 4 hrs. until meat is
  tender. Serve over cooked rice or spaghetti with Parmesan cheese.
  Freeze leftovers in serving size containers.
  
  This recipe is for a party--no one would go to this much trouble if
  the recipe only fed 4 peoples.
  
  Recipe:  Justin Wilson's  "Homegrown Louisiana Cookbook" ISBN
  0-02-630125-3
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Bill Spalding <billspa@icanect.Ne
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR SAUCE PIQUANT-2
 Categories: Game, Gumbos & st
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        5 lb alligator meat -- cut into
        1    " cubes
    1 1/2 c  cooking oil and
        1 c  all-purpose flour -- for
  :          roux
        4 sm Cans whole tomatoes
        1 lb fresh mushrooms -- sliced
        3 pt cold water
        1 c  celery -- chopped
      1/2 c  green onions -- chopped
      1/2 c  bell pepper -- chopped
        1 sm tomato sauce
        4    onions -- chopped
        2    clove garlic -- crushed (2
  :          to 3)
      1/2 c  parsley
  :          Cayenne pepper to taste
        3 c  rice -- cooked
  
  Saute alligator cubes until tender. In a separate pan, make a roux by
  cooking oil and flour over low heat until medium brown, or 1 small
  can of tomato paste may be used as a substitute for roux mixture. Add
  cold water to roux, followed by the remaining ingredients and
  alligator. Simmer approximately 1 hour and serve over cooked rice.
  Festival: Alligator Festival; September 22-24, 1995
  
  Recipe By     : New Orleans Recipes
  
  From: Bill Spalding <billspa@icanect.Ne
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR SAUCE PIQUANT-3
 Categories: Game, Gumbos & st
      Yield: 90 Servings
 
 
        4 lb all-purpose flour
        1 ga vegetable cooking oil
        6 lb onions -- finely chopped
        4 lg bell peppers -- finely
  :          chopped
        1 bn celery -- finely chopped
        1    Head garlic -- finely
  :          chopped
        8 c  water
        8 cn tomato soup
        4 cn tomato sauce -- (#303)
        1 c  sugar
        1    bottle bay leaves
       30 lb alligator meat -- chopped
  :          in bite-sized pieces
        6 bn (large) green onions -- chop
  :          finely
  :          Salt and pepper -- to taste
  :          Cayenne pepper -- to taste
  
  First make a roux, being careful not to burn it. Cook until brown. Add
  onions, peppers, celery and garlic. Cook 10 to 20 minutes. Add water,
  tomato sauce, soup, bay leaves and sugar. Cook this mixture for
  approximately 1 hour, stirring every 10 minutes. Add meat and cook
  another hour. Add green onions when meat is tender and cook an
  additional 1/2 hour. Serves 90 to 120. Festival: St. Philomena Cajun
  Country Festival; September 8-10, 1995.
  
  Recipe By     : Cajun Country Recipes
  
  From: Bill Spalding <billspa@icanect.Ne
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR SAUCE PIQUANTE
 Categories: Meats, Ethnic, Main dish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 lb Cubed alligator meat
    1/2 c  Chopped celery
      1 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Chopped bell pepper
      1 c  Oil
      8 oz Can chopped mushrooms
      4 tb Butter
      1 c  Water
      2 md Chopped onions
      1    Jar salad olives
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/4 c  Chopped parsley
      1 cn Tomato paste
    1/4 c  Chopped scallions
           To taste salt & cayenne
           -Pepper
 
  *** Soak meat with Tabasco and lemon juice for 30 minutes prior to
  cooking. Rinse before cooking. Make roux with 1 cup oil and 1 cup
  flour and cook until golden. Saute onions in roux until brown. Add
  tomato paste and sugar and cook about 5 minutes. Add bell pepper,
  celery, garlic, mushrooms and stir well. Add water and cook 1 hour
  over low heat. Add scallions, parsley, alligator (cut in small
  pieces, and preferably meat other than from the tail) salt, pepper
  and cayenne to taste. Cover pot and cook slowly for 30 minutes or
  until meat is tender. Add olives which have been soaked in water and
  cook a few minutes longer.
  
  Serve over cooked rice Walt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLIGATOR SAUSAGE & CRAWFISH CASSEROLE
 Categories: Sausages, Other meat, Seafood
      Yield: 15 Servings
 
           Waldine Van Geffen VGHC42A
      1 lb Alligator sausage; crumble
           Brown, drain
      1 lb Crawfish tails
      1 lb Smoked sausage -- sliced
      2 c  Converted long-grain rice
     10 oz Cn Rotelle tomatoes/w
           Chiles
      1 cn Onion Soup
      1 cn Beef consomme
      1 bn Green onions -- chopped
      1 lb Mushrooms -- sliced
     10 ml Garlic -- minced
      2    Bay leaves
      1 tb Creole seasoning
      1 tb Black pepper
    1/4 lb Butter or margarine
 
  Mix alligator sausage with remaining ingredients. Place in a covered
  casserole or pan and cook in preheated 350~ oven for 1 hour. After 30
  minutes, stir well and continue cooking for the remaining time. Let
  cool, uncovered, for a few minutes and serve. Can serve 10-20.
  Source: Times- Picayune recipe contest (wrv)
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLISON'S GREAT VEGGIE SANDWICH
 Categories: Digest, Jan.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Clove garlic minced
      1 sm Onion sliced
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Balsamic vinegar
      1 ts Coarsely ground black
           Pepper
      1 md Cucumber sliced
      1 lg Tomato sliced
           Lettuce
 
  Combine all ingredients except lettuce in the order listed. Cover
  container and shake for 30 seconds. Leave in refrigerator for at
  least 10 mins so that flavors get absorbed in vegetables. Then toast
  bread of choice. Arrange lettuce on bread and add cucumber and tomato
  mixture. * French bread works best.
  
  Posted by Allison Kinkead <sasank@unx.sas.com> to the Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 14 Issue 10] Jan. 10, 1995.
  
  Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen
  Mintzias, km@salata.com.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLISON'S SALMON LOAF
 Categories: Fish & seaf, Luncheon, Main dishes, Canned tuna
      Yield: 4 -star, all
 
 
  Servings: 6
  :          MIX together in a medium
  :          bowl:
       14 oz canned salmon -- drained and
  :          flaked
      1/2 c  fresh bread crumbs
        6 md fresh mushrooms -- chopped
      1/2 md onion -- chopped
        1    egg -- beaten
        1 TB lemon juice
        1 ts grated lemon rind
      1/2 ts Cajun seasoning
  :          OR
      1/2 ts dried rosemary leaves --
  :          crushed
      1/8 ts pepper -- (optional)
  :          vegetable cooking spray
  
  Spray small loaf pan with cooking spray.  Put salmon mixture in pan
  and bake at 375F for 40 minutes, until the loaf can be sliced.
  
  Recipe By     : Allison Greene
  
  From:	matejka@bga.Com (Anita A. Matejkadate:	96-09-09 23:43:38 Edt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLO BHOJI
 Categories: India
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 ts Ground cumin
    1/2 ts Ground coriander
    1/4 ts Ground turmeric
    1/4 ts Mango powder
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      2 ts Finely chopped fresh ginger
      2 ea Fresh red or green chilies,
           -finely chopped
      1 ts Black mustard seeds
      1 ts Cumin seeds
      1 lg Sprig fresh curry leaves or
           -6-8 dried curry leaves
           Salt
      4 ea Potatoes, diced
      1 c  Water
      4 lg Tomatoes, finely chopped
           Place ground cumin,
           -coriander, turmeric and
           -mango powder
 
  in a small bowl and mix to combine. Set aside. Heat oil in a
  heavy-based saucepan, add ginger, chilies, mustard seed, cumin seeds,
  curry leaves and salt to taste, and cook over low heat, stirring for
  2 minutes. Add potatoes, mix well and cook for 10 minutes. Add water
  and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until potatoes are
  almost cooked. Add tomatoes and cook, stirring occasionally, for 10
  minutes or until tomatoes are pulpy. Stir in spice mixture and cook
  for 2 minutes longer. Serves 6 ALLO BHOJI
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLSPICE PASTA
 Categories: Crs, Makepasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------HAND---------------------------------
      1 c  Durum semolina
      1 ts Allspice
      1    Egg
      1 tb Vegetable or olive oil,
           Optional
      1 tb To 2 water, if and as
           Needed

MMMMM--------------------------EXTRUDER-------------------------------
  1 1/3 c  Durum semolina
      1 ts Allspice
      1    Egg
      1 tb Vegetable or olive oil,
           Optional
      1 tb To 2 water, if and as
           Needed
 
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALLSPICED CIDER
 Categories: Beverages, Alcohol
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 tb Whole allspice
      1    Cinnamon stick (3 inch)
      3 c  Apple cider
      1 c  Orange juice
    1/2    Lemon, sliced
      1 ts Honey
    1/4 c  Brandy
 
  Tie allspice in a piece of cheesecloth.  Place in a medium saucepan
  along with cinnamon stick, cider, orange juice, lemon slices and
  honey. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, 5 minutes.
  Remove spice bag. Stir in brandy.  Serve with a cinnamon stick in
  each cup, if desired. Makes 6 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMA'S RECIPE FOR 'POSSUM
 Categories: Meats, Game, Southern
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Lime
      1 g  Water
      1 c  Salt
      1    Red pepper pod
 
  Put 1/2 cup lime in about 1 gallon of boiling water and scald
  quickly, and pull off hair while hot.  Scrape well--remove feet,
  tail, and entrails--like you would a pig.  Cut off ears, remove eyes
  and head if desired.  Pour hot water over it and clean thoroughly.
  
  Put one cup salt in sufficient cold water to cover possum, add 1 pod
  red pepper and let stand overnight.  In the morning remove salt water
  and pour boiling water over it.  Cook in enough boiling water to boil
  up over possum but not enough to cover.  Cook until skin can be
  pierced with a fork easily, and let stand in water until ready for
  baking.
  
  When ready to bake, place possum in pan with skin side up.  Bake in a
  moderate oven until crisp and brown.  If fire is too hot, skin will
  blister and burn.
  
  Carve possum and surround with potatoes (sliced or quartered) which
  have been previously baked.
  
      192    DULL, Mrs. S.R.
                                        Southern Cooking
                                        Grosset & Dunlap
                                        New York
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMIRAH BOSCOTAKIA     (SALTY BISCUITS)
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 36 Biscuits
 
      3 c  Flour
      3 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Coarse salt
    1/2 c  Kefalotiri cheese, grated
    1/3 c  Sweet butter or shortening
      1 c  Milk
 
     Sift dry ingreds. into bowl.  Add butter (or shortening) and work
  butter into flour with fingertips until mixture resembles coarse
  crumbs. Add cheese and milk, and work the whole together (dough will
  be soft). Lightly flour a marble-top table (or bread board) and your
  rolling pin.
  
     Roll out dough about 1/4 to 1/2" thick.
  
     Using small biscuit cutter (floured), cut dough into round shapes
  about 1 1/2" in diameter.  Place on lightly greased (or buttered)
  baking sheet in preheated 375 F.  oven for abt. 15 min., or until
  golden brown.
  
     Makes about 36 appetizer size biscuits.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND  BARK  CANDY
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb White chocolate
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Almonds -- chopped
 
  Melt chocolate until smooth.  Add raisins and almonds. Pour onto wax
  paper ~ this will be a thin candy.  Let cool then break into pieces.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND  BARK  RICE  KRISPIES
 Categories: Kaz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb White almond candy
      2 c  Salted peanuts
      1 c  Crunchy peanut butter
      2 c  Rice Krispies
 
  Melt almond bark.  Mix all ingredients together and drop by spoon on
  wax paper.  Put in refrigerator until firm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND  FALAFEL
 Categories: Beans, Sandwiches, Jewish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Lean ground lamb
      1 sm Eggplant (3/4 lb. diced)
      1    Tomato -- coarsely chopped
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Yogurt
    1/4 c  Parmesan grated cheese
      1 lg Onion
      1    Clove Garlic -- minced
      2 tb Dry Red Wine
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 c  Chopped Almonds -- toasted
      3    (8 Inch)
           Pita Breads -- halved
 
  In Dutch oven brown lamb with onion, eggplant and garlic over medium
  heat about 5 minutes.  Drain off excess fat. Stir in tomato, wine,
  salt and cinnamon. Continue to cook, covered, for about 20 minutes
  until vegetables are tender, stirring occasionally.  Stir in yogurt,
  almonds, and cheese. Spoon 1 cup hot lamb mixture in each 1/2 of pita
  bread. Serve immediately.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Hobuhon@aol.Com                 Date: Tue, 21 May 1996 03:13:09
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND & HONEY CAKES
 Categories: Cakes, Candies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    250 g  Sweet flan pastry
           Butter; for the tart tin
           Flour; for the tart tin
     20 g  Apricot jelly; for glazing

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
    125 g  Sugar
    125 g  Slivered almonds
     90 g  Unsalted butter
     35 g  Honey
      2 tb Double cream
     50 g  Crystallised fruits
           -- chopped
           Kirsch
 
  (Units: 100 g = 3 1/2 oz; 1 dl = 3 1/2 fl oz = 2/5 cup; 180 oC = 350
  oF; 200 oC = 400 oF; 230 oC = 450 oF; 250 oC = 475 oF; 2.5 cm = 1
  inch)
  
  Preparation:
  
  Pre-heat the oven to 200 oC. Butter and flour a tart tin with a
  removable base 22 cm in diameter.
  
  Roll out the pastry to fit the tart tin. Line the tin with the pastry
  and prick the bottom all over with a fork. Bake it for 10 minutes at
  the bottom of the pre-heated oven. Leave the pastry shell in the tin.
  
  Cooking:
  
  Lightly brush a thin layer of apricot glaze over the bottom of the
  pastry shell.
  
  Put all the remaining ingredients for the filling into a saucepan and
  heat them gently, stirring to mix them well as they melt.
  
  Raise the oven to 210 oC. When the filling is melted, spread it in a
  thin layer on the glazed pastry shell.
  
  Cook it for about 15 minutes: it is ready when the filling begins to
  bubble.
  
  Leave the cake to cool in its tin, then take it out.
  
  Serving:
  
  Cut the cake into little triangles or rectangular pieces. Serve them
  with coffee, like 'petits fours'.
  
  From: Fredy Girardet, Cuisine spontanee, M Papermac, 1986, ISBN
  0-333-40957-4
  
  Typed for you by Rene Gagnaux
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND & RICE FLOUR BREAD WITH POPPY SEEDS
 Categories: Breads, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Whole almonds, with skins
  1 1/2 c  Brown rice flour
      4 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
      3 ts Poppy seeds
    1/2 c  Plain low-fat yogurt
    1/2 c  Water
      1 lg Whole egg
      1 lg Egg white white
      2 tb Vegetable oil
 
  This and the following two recipes are wheat free, utilizing brown
  rice flour.  They're from an article by Jacqueline Mallorca in the
  Chron. For those to whom it is important, she's working on a book
  about wheat-free baking.  No hint as to the release date though.
  
  Preheat oven to 350F.  Butter an 8 x 4inch loaf pan.
  
  Place almonds and 1/2 cup of the flour in bowl of a food processor and
  grind until a fine meal is formed++the flour will prevent the nuts
  from turning oily. Add remaining rice flour, the baking powder, salt
  and 2 teaspoons of the poppy seeds; process briefly.
  
  Combine yogurt, water, whole egg, egg white and oil in a 2-cup
  measuring cup.
  
  With processor motor running, pour liquid ingredients through feed
  tube over flour mixture, processing just long enough to mix.
  
  Transfer batter to prepared pan.  Sprinkle with remaining poppy
  seeds, and bake for 55 minutes.  Turn out onto a rack to cool. (Bread
  slices best after several hours, or the next day).
  
  Makes one 18-ounce loaf (18 slices).
  
  PER SLICE:  90 calories, 3 g protein, 11 g carbohydrate, 4 g fat (1 g
  saturated), 12 mg cholesterol, 115 mg sodium, 1 g fiber.
  
  From an article in the San Francisco Chronicle by Jacquline Mallorca,
  5/5/93.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; May 6 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND & RICE FLOUR BREAD WITH POPPY SEEDS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Whole almonds, with skins
  1 1/2 c  Brown rice flour
      4 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
      3 ts Poppy seeds
    1/2 c  Plain low-fat yogurt
    1/2 c  Water
      1 lg Whole egg
      1 lg Egg white white
      2 tb Vegetable oil
 
  This and the following two recipes are wheat free, utilizing brown
  rice flour.  They're from an article by Jacqueline Mallorca in the
  Chron. For those to whom it is important, she's working on a book
  about wheat-free baking.  No hint as to the release date though.
  
  Preheat oven to 350F.  Butter an 8 x 4inch loaf pan.
  
  Place almonds and 1/2 cup of the flour in bowl of a food processor and
  grind until a fine meal is formed++the flour will prevent the nuts
  from turning oily. Add remaining rice flour, the baking powder, salt
  and 2 teaspoons of the poppy seeds; process briefly.
  
  Combine yogurt, water, whole egg, egg white and oil in a 2-cup
  measuring cup.
  
  With processor motor running, pour liquid ingredients through feed
  tube over flour mixture, processing just long enough to mix.
  
  Transfer batter to prepared pan.  Sprinkle with remaining poppy
  seeds, and bake for 55 minutes.  Turn out onto a rack to cool. (Bread
  slices best after several hours, or the next day).
  
  Makes one 18-ounce loaf (18 slices).
  
  PER SLICE:  90 calories, 3 g protein, 11 g carbohydrate, 4 g fat (1 g
  saturated), 12 mg cholesterol, 115 mg sodium, 1 g fiber.
  
  From an article in the San Francisco Chronicle by Jacquline Mallorca,
  5/5/93.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; May 6 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND APPLE WHEAT BREAD STUFFING
 Categories: Holiday, Poultry
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 c  Granny smith apples
           -chopped
  1 1/2 c  Sliced almonds
           -Blue Diamond Natural
    3/4 c  Onions, chopped
    3/4 c  Celery, chopped
      4 tb Butter or margarine
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Poultry seasoning
    1/4 ts Salt
      6 c  Whole wheat bread cubes
      1 c  Raisins
      1    Egg; lightly beaten
    1/3 c  Apple cider or juice
           -=UP TO=-
    1/2 c  -cider or juice
 
  Saute apples, almonds, onion, and celery in butter for 5 minutes,
  stirring frequently.  Remove from heat. Stir in cinnamon, poultry
  seasoning and salt.  Toss together bread cubes and raisins; add apple
  mixture. Stir egg in 1/3 (or 1/2) c apple cider; toss into bread
  mixture. Add remaining apple cider if a moister stuffing is desired.
  Use to stuff a 15 to 20 lb turkey, or two large roasting chickens.
  Spoon any remaining stuffing into a lightly greased 9x5 loaf pan.
  Bake, covered, during the last 30-40 minutes of roasting.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BARS
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Shortening
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Honey
      3    Eggs, well, beaten
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Powdered sugar
    1/2 c  Finely chopped blanched
           -almonds
      2 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Vanilla
           Grated rind 1 lemon
 
  Cream shortening and sugar.  Add honey, eggs, and lemon rind. Mix
  thoroughly.  Sift flour, measure, and sift three times with baking
  powder and salt.  Add chopped nuts and flavoring. Mix thoroughly.
  Pour into shallow, well-oiled pan.  Bake in moderate oven (375 F)
  12-15 minutes. Remove from oven.  Cool.  Turn onto board well dusted
  with powdered sugar. Cut in oblong bars. Roll in powdered sugar. 16
  servings. Mrs. William Stevens, Columbus, IN.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BISCOTTI
 Categories: Desserts, Cookies
      Yield: 30 Cookies
 
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Butter, sweet; melted
      3 tb Brandy
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 ts Almond extract
      1 c  Almonds, unsalted; chopped
      3    Eggs
  2 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 tb Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Preheat oven to 350~.  Mix sugar with butter, brandy, vanilla, almond
  extract, nuts and eggs.  Mix well. Stir in flour, baking powder and
  salt. Form into a long loaf (or loaves), place on a cookie sheet and
  bake for 20-30 minutes or until firm and softly cakelike. Remove from
  oven and let cool slightly. When cool enough to handle, slice into
  1/2 inch diagonal slices and return to cookie sheet. Bake for 15-25
  miutes, turning once, until both sides are brown-flecked and toasted.
  Cool thoroughly and store in an airtight jar. Makes 2-3 dozen.
  Variation 1 (Mandlebrot): increase sugar to 1-1/4 cups. Diced dried
  apricots may by added. Variation 2: for a clasic anise-flavored
  biscotto, substitute Pernod, Ouzo or Anisette for the brandy and omit
  the almond extract. Several tablespoons of anise seeds may be added
  for additional oomph. Variation 3 (Hazelnut biscotti): use hazelnuts
  in place of almonds. A hazelnut liqueur may be used instead of
  brandy.  Omit the almond extract. Variation 4 (Mediterranean
  biscotti): use rosewater instead of brandy. Substitute unsalted
  pistachio nuts for the almonds, and add 1/4 - 1/2 cup diced figs to
  the dough. Variation 5 (Ginger-flavored biscotti): to the basic
  dough, add 1 Tbsp powdered ginger, a generous dash of cloves and
  cinnamon, 1 or 2 Tbsp of candied ginger and 1/4 cup raisins, if
  desired.  Omit the almond extract. Variation 6 (Paximatha): this
  Greek rusk dates back to the 5th century, virtually unchanged.
  Substiture 1/2 to 3/4 cup toasted sesame seeds for the almonds. Omit
  the almond extact and flavor the dough with 1 tsp cinnamon and 1/2
  tsp cloves. Variation 7 (Fekkas):  a Moroccon twice-baked cookie.
  Substitute orange flower water for the brandy. Variation 8; Pine nuts
  may be used instead of almonds, though the richness may be less
  desirable than the crunch of the toasted almonds. Candied fruits,
  too, may be added, 1/4 to 1/2 cup assorted fruits blended into the
  dough before baking. Variation 9 (Chocolate Dipped): melt 1/2 pound
  semi-sweet chocolate in the top of a double boiler over just
  simmering water. If it "seizes" or "tightens", add 2 Tbsp of unsalted
  buter and it should smooth out again. Dip only one side of each
  cookie (the chocolate won't seal in the moisture that way).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BISCOTTI (JUNE)
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Whole unsalted unblanched
           Almonds -- (12 ounce)
    1/4 c  Canola oil
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
  2 3/4 c  Whole wheat pastry-grind
           Flour -- OR
           All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Anise seeds -- finely
           Crushed
 
  Toast nuts in a 350F oven, about 8 to 10 minutes, until aromatic.Be
  careful not to scorch. (Cut a few nuts open and check that the
  centers are lightly browned but not dark.) Chop nuts coarsely. Reduce
  oven temperature to 325F. Lightly spray-grease a large cooking sheet.
  
  In a large mixer bowl, beat together oil, sugar and eggs. Sift flour,
  baking powder and salt together. Add dry ingredients, anise seed and
  almonds to mixer and mix until dough pulls together. Divide dough
  into 2 equal parts. Spread each portion of dough into a strip about
  3- X 12-inches long. Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes. Carefully
  remove each cookie strip to a cutting board and cut diagonally into
  1/2-inch slices. Turn each slice onto its side and return to baking
  sheet. Return to oven and bake another 15 minutes. Remove from pan
  and cool on a rack. Makes 3-1/2 dozen cookies.
  
  CopyrightA9 1996, Jane A. Rubey, M.P.H., R.D. World Rights Reserved
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  NOTES : See Nectarines and Raspberries with Biscotti Crumbs Recipe By
  : Jane Rubey, gourmet@aimnet.com (1996)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
           -BREAD MACHINE BAKERY B
      1 c  Milk
      1    Egg
      3 tb Unsalted butter
      1    8oz. can almond paste,
           -cut into about 1/8-inch
           -slices.
  2 1/2 c  ALL-PURPOSE flour (not
           -bread flour)
      2 tb Dark brown sugar
    1/4 ts =TO=
           -1/2 t salt to taste
      2 ts Active dry yeast
           --GLAZE:
      1 ts Dark corn syrup
      1 ts Warm water
           Slivered almonds for
           -garnish

MMMMM----------------THE "LARK" (COOKING, WP51, C---------------------
 
   Unless the instructions that came with your ABM  call for putting the
  yeast in the pan first and incorporating the liquid ingredients last,
  pour the milk into the baking pan of your ABM and break in the egg.
  If the butter is not soft, cut it into small chunks to ensure its
  blending into the dough, then add it to the liquids.
  
   Next add the almond paste, slicced so it will blend better too.
  Measure in the flour, brown sugar, and salt, and add the yeast as
  directed for your bread maker.
  
   You can use your machine's full cycle with this bread, but the quick
  cycle is better. If a light color setting is available, use it as
  well.
  
   As soon as the bread has finished baking, remove it from the machine,
  closing the cover again, and ease the loaf from the pan. Combine the
  corn syrup and warm water and brush the top of the loaf with this
  mixture, using a pastry brush. Sprinkle the slivered almonds over the
  glaze, put the bread gently back in its pan, and return it to the
  electronic oven for a few minutes to dry the glaze a bit. FROM THE
  RECIPE COLLECTION OF SUZY.Q
  
   Source: The Bread Machine Bakery Book
  
   Also see Atari Bread 1004 Posted on Genie C03 T17 M474 by SUZY.Q on
  2/20/92
  
   MM by Cathy Svitek * Origin: "LaRK's" Kitchen (1:343/26.3)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BREAD - MACHINE
 Categories: 
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 c  Milk
      1    Eggs
      3 tb Butter
      8 oz Almond paste -- 1/8" slices
  2 1/2 c  Flour -- not bread flour
      2 tb Sugar -- brown
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Yeast
           -
      1 ts Syrup -- corn
      1 ts Water -- warm
           Almonds -- slivered
           GLAZE-----
 
  Unless the instructions that came with your ABM  call for putting the
  yeast in the pan first and incorporating the liquid ingredients last,
  pour the milk into the baking pan of your ABM and break in the egg.
  If the butter is not soft, cut it into small chunks to ensure its
  blending into the dough, then add it to the liquids.
  
  Next add the almond paste, sliced so it will blend better too.
  Measure in the flour, brown sugar, and salt, and add the yeast as
  directed for your bread maker.
  
  You can use your machine's full cycle with this bread, but the quick
  cycle is better. If a light color setting is available, use it as
  well.
  
  As soon as the bread has finished baking, remove it from the machine,
  closing the cover again, and ease the loaf from the pan. Combine the
  corn syrup and warm water and brush the top of the loaf with this
  mixture, using a pastry brush. Sprinkle the slivered almonds over the
  glaze, put the bread gently back in its pan, and return it to the
  electronic oven for a few minutes to dry the glaze a bit.
  
  Source: The Bread Machine Bakery Book
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BREAD ABM
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 c  Milk
      1    Eggs
      3 tb Butter
      8 oz Almond paste; 1/8" slices
  2 1/2 c  Flour; not bread flour
      2 tb Sugar, brown
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Yeast

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
      1 ts Syrup, corn
      1 ts Water; warm
           Almonds, slivered
 
  Unless the instructions that came with your ABM  call for putting the
  yeast in the pan first and incorporating the liquid ingredients last,
  pour the milk into the baking pan of your ABM and break in the egg.
  If the butter is not soft, cut it into small chunks to ensure its
  blending into the dough, then add it to the liquids.
  
  Next add the almond paste, sliced so it will blend better too.
  Measure in the flour, brown sugar, and salt, and add the yeast as
  directed for your bread maker.
  
  You can use your machine's full cycle with this bread, but the quick
  cycle is better. If a light color setting is available, use it as
  well.
  
  As soon as the bread has finished baking, remove it from the machine,
  closing the cover again, and ease the loaf from the pan. Combine the
  corn syrup and warm water and brush the top of the loaf with this
  mixture, using a pastry brush. Sprinkle the slivered almonds over the
  glaze, put the bread gently back in its pan, and return it to the
  electronic oven for a few minutes to dry the glaze a bit.
  
  Source: The Bread Machine Bakery Book
  
  Posted on GEnie Food & Wine RT Dec 23, 1992 by C.SVITEK [cathy]
  
  From the recipe files of Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$
  71511,2253, GT Cookbook moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BRITTLE
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 3/4 c  Whole, unblanched almonds
  1 1/3 c  Blanched, chopped almonds
    3/4 c  Packed brown sugar
    2/3 c  Light corn syrup
    1/4 c  Water
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 tb Unsalted butter
    1/2 ts Vanilla extract or flavor
    1/4 ts Almond extract or flavor
 
  1) Preheat oven to 325 F. 2) Place whole and chopped almonds on a
  jelly-roll pan and toast them for 15 min. in oven, tossing and
  stirring occasionally. Turn off heat and leave nuts in oven. They
  must be warm when added to syrup. 3) In heavy 1 1/2 qt. saucepan,
  stir together brn. sugar, corn syrup, water and salt. Swirl over high
  heat until sugar dissolves, washing down sides of pan with wet brush
  to remove any sugar crystals. Boil to 290 F. on candy thermometer
  without stirring. 4) Meanwhile, butter lge. baking sheet and a metal
  spatula. 5) When syrup is ready, remove from the heat and stir in the
  hot nuts, then butter, vanilla, and almond extract. 6) Pour candy
  onto baking sheet and press out as flat as possible with spatula. Let
  cool. 7) Remove the brittle from the pan and break into serving pcs.
  Pack airtight and store for 24 hrs. before serving to let flavor
  develop.  Will keep for many weeks.
  
  Yield: 1 1/4 lbs.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER
 Categories: Condiments
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Text Only
 
  Use two cups of blanched whole almonds. If only unblanched almonds are
  available, blanch them this way: Place the almonds in a saucepan and
  cover with water. Bring to boiling, then drain. The skins should slip
  off easily when you press each almond between your thumb and
  forefinger. Dry on paper towels. Spread the dry almonds in a shallow
  baking pan and toast in a 300 degree oven for about 20 minutes or
  until golden. Cool for 5 minutes before processing or blending.
  
  To process: Place the steel blade in your food processor or blender.
  Add the nuts. Cover and process or blend until a butter forms,
  stopping occasionally to scrape the sides of the bowl or blender a
  few times. Keep processing for three to five minutes or until all of
  the mixture is evenly blended. Process about two minutes more or
  until the butter is the desired smoothness.Store in a covered
  container in your refrigerator for up to two weeks. Bring to room
  temperature for easier spreading. Makes about 1 1/4 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER BREAD
 Categories: Breadmaker, Hi-protein, High-fiber
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
MMMMM---------------------------LARGE--------------------------------
  1 3/4 c  Low-fat milk
    1/4 c  Almond butter
  3 1/3 c  Whole wheat bread flour
    2/3 c  Garbanzo (chickpea) bean
           -flour
      4 tb Sesame seeds
      4 tb Vital gluten
    1/4 c  Date sugar
      1 ts Salt
  2 1/2 ts Yeast

MMMMM---------------------------MEDIUM--------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Low-fat milk
      3 tb Almond butter
  2 1/2 c  Whole wheat bread flour
    1/2 c  Garbanzo bean flour
      3 tb Sesame seeds
      3 tb Vital gluten
      3 tb Date sugar
    3/4 ts Salt
      2 ts Yeast

MMMMM---------------------------SMALL--------------------------------
    7/8 c  Low-fat milk
      2 tb Almond butter
  1 2/3 c  Whole wheat bread flour
    1/3 c  Garbanzo bean flour
      2 tb Sesame seeds
      2 tb Vital gluten
      2 tb Date sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Yeast
 
  Follow the directions of your own breadmaker in making this bread.
  
  The almond butter, sesame seeds, and garbanzo bean flour increase the
  protein quality of this bread. Serve it sliced thinly with soups for a
  complete and nutritious lunch.
  
  Nutrition Facts:  Based on medium-size loaf, the calories per serving
  are 183, calories from fat 48. Total fat is 5g, saturated 1g,
  cholesterol 1mg, sodium 180mg, total carb 29g, dietary fiber 3g,
  sugars 4g, protein 10g.
  
  Source: _Bread Machine Baking for Better Health_ by Keane and Chace;
  1994. MM format by Mary Ann Young.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER CHRISTMAS CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Cake Flour; sifted
      3 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Butter; or shortening
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      3 ea Eggs; unbeaten
    1/2 c  Almonds; finely chopped
    1/2 c  Raisins; finely cut
      1 c  Milk
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder and salt, and sift
  together three times. Cream butter thoroughly. add sugar gradually,
  and cream together until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time,
  beating thoroughly after each. Add nuts and raisins and beat well.
  Add flour, alternately with milk, a small amount at a time, beating
  after each addition until smooth. Add vanilla. Bake in two greased
  9-incb layer pans in moderate oven (375 degrees F.) 25 minutes, or
  until done. Spread Boiled Frosting (see recipe) between layers and on
  top and sides of cake. Decorate top of cake with wreath of holly,
  using pieces of maraschino cherries or red cinnamon candies for
  berries, and slices of angelica or citron for leaves and stems. Or
  decorate with poinsettias made of candied cherries. Slice cherries in
  rings, cut rings in half, and arrange to form petals of poinsettias.
  If desired, Lemon Butter Frosting (see recipe ) may be used.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER CHRISTMAS CAKE:::GWHP32A
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------BARB DAY-------------------------------
      3 c  Cake Flour; sifted
      3 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Butter; or shortening
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs; unbeaten
    1/2 c  Almonds; finely chopped
    1/2 c  Raisins; finely cut
      1 c  Milk
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder and salt, and sift
  together three times. Cream butter thoroughly. add sugar gradually,
  and cream together until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time,
  beating thoroughly after each. Add nuts and raisins and beat well.
  Add flour, alternately with milk, a small amount at a time, beating
  after each addition until smooth. Add vanilla. Bake in two greased
  9-incb layer pans in moderate oven (375 degrees F.) 25 minutes, or
  until done. Spread Boiled Frosting (see recipe) between layers and on
  top and sides of cake. Decorate top of cake with wreath of holly,
  using pieces of maraschino cherries or red cinnamon candies for
  berries, and slices of angelica or citron for leaves and stems. Or
  decorate with poinsettias made of candied cherries. Slice cherries in
  rings, cut rings in half, and arrange to form petals of poinsettias.
  If desired, Lemon Butter Frosting (see recipe ) may be used. Kate
  Smith Collection 1940 Published by General Foods Corp From Barb Day's
  Database
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Shortening
      1 c  Milk, scalded
    1/2    Yeast cake
      1    Egg
  3 1/2 c  Sifted flour
   1/16 ts Mace
   1/16 ts Cardamom
 
  Add sugar, salt and shortening to milk and cool to lukewarm. Add
  crumbled yeast and let stand 5 minutes. Add egg and 1 3/4 cups flour;
  beat well. Add remaining flour sifted with spices; then knead well.
  Let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 hours.  Knead down and
  let rise again. Shape into 2 coffee cakes and place in greased pans.
  Let rise 15 minutes. Spread almond mixture on top and let rise until
  doubled in bulk. Bake in a 375 degree oven for 45 minutes. Makes 2
  cakes. Randy Rigg The Pinnacle Club BBS 812-963-9139
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Vegetables
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Canola oil
      1 c  Almond butter
    1/4 c  Maple syrup
    1/2 ts Pure vanilla extract
      1 c  Whole wheat pastry flour
           -(Sifted before measuring)
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Preheat oven to 300F. Lightly grease a baking sheet (or use a nonstick
  one). Mix together almond butter and oil; beat until smooth. Mix in
  maple syrup and vanilla extract. Stir together flour and salt. Add to
  almond butter mixture and mix until just combined. Cover and
  refrigerate for 10 minutes. Roll dough into 3/4-inch balls. Place on
  baking sheet and flatten with a fork. Bake in preheated oven for 25
  minutes, until bottoms are lightly browned. Cool a couple of minutes
  on the baking sheet, then transfer to a cooling rack. Eat. Variation:
  try with other nut butters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER COOKIES (SANDWICHED WITH JAM)
 Categories: 
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Ground almonds
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 lb Unsalted butter (2 sticks)
      2 c  Unbleached allpurpose flour
      1 ts Salt
      1 tb Water
 
  Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Combine ground almonds and sugar. Blend
  in butter. Add dry ingredients. Add water and blend well. Shape into a
  flattened ball. Wrap in parchment and chill at least 1/2 hour. Roll
  out onto lightly floured board until approximately 1/4-inch thick.
  Cut into desired shapes, and place on parchment covered baking sheet
  about 2 inches apart. Bake until golden brown. Cool. Sandwich with
  strained or seedless jam (raspberry is great!) or chocolate ganache.
  Yield: 5 dozen Sandwich Cookies
  
  Recipe By     : BAKERS' DOZEN  (BETH SETRAKIAN) SHOW #BD1A07
  
  From: Jackie Bordelon <jbord@premier.Ne
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER CRUNCH
 Categories: Candies, Chocolate, Nuts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Nancy Speicher DPXX20A
  1 1/2 c  Whole blanched almonds;
           -chopped (12 oz)
      1 c  Butter or margarine
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      3 tb Light corn syrup
      3 tb Water
      8 oz Semisweet chocolate squares
 
   1. Place chopped almonds on a cooky sheet; toast in moderate oven
  (375F) 10 minutes, or until lightly golden.
   2. Combine butter or margarine, sugar, corn syrup and water in a
  medium-size heavy saucepan. Cook over medium heat, stirring
  constantly, to 300F on candy thermometer. (A teaspoonful of syrup
  will separate into brittle threads when dropped in cold water.)
  Remove from heat; stir in 1 cup of the toasted almonds. Pour into a
  buttered 13x9x2" pan, spreading quickly and evenly; cool. Turn out
  onto wax paper.
   3. Melt chocolate squares in the top of a double boiler over hot
  water; remove from heat. Spread half the melted chocolate over top of
  candy; sprinkle with 1/4 cup nuts; let set for about 20 minutes; turn
  candy over and spread with remaining chocolate and sprinkle with
  remaining nuts. Let stand until set. Break into pieces.
   Makes l pound.
   From Family Circle 11/72 Homemade Candies
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER LOAVES *
 Categories: Box cakes, Nuts, Loaf
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------

MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
      1 c  Brown sugar; firmly packed
    2/3 c  Margarine or butter; soften
      2 c  Almonds; toasted, chopped
      1 c  Flour

MMMMM----------------------------CAKE---------------------------------
      1 pk Deluxe butter recipe golden
           - cake mix
      3    Eggs
    2/3 c  Water
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine; soften

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
      1 c  Powdered sugar
      1 tb To 2tbl water
    1/4 ts Almond extract
      4 tb Sliced almonds (garnish)
 
  Preheat oven to 375~. Grease and flour 2, 9x5" loaf pans.
   CRUST: Combine brown sugar and butter in large bowl. Beat at medium
  speed until light and fluffy. Stir in toasted almonds and flour.
  Blend well. Divide and press evenly into pans.
   CAKE: Combine cake mix, eggs, water and butter in large bowl. Beat at
  medium speed for 4 minutes. Pour into pans. Bake for 35-45 minutes or
  until tested done. Cool in pans 10 minutes. Invert onto cooling
  racks, crust side UP. Cool completely.
   GLAZE: Combine powdered sugar, water and almond extract in small
  bowl. Stir until smooth. Add water 1 tbls at a time until glaze is
  desired consistency. Spoon over colled loaves. Sprinkle sliced
  almonds over top.
   TOASTED ALMONDS: To toast almonds, spread in a single layer on baking
  sheet. Bake at 325~ for 6-8 minutes or until fragrant and light golden
  brown. Cool before chopping.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER SPREAD
 Categories: Spreads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Soft butter or margarine
    1/4 ts Almond extract
 
  Stir to combine - enough for 8 slices bread.  Use with fruit pie
  filling or other sweets.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTER TOFFEE
 Categories: Candies, Chocolate
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Nancy Speicher DPXX20A
      1 c  Butter or margarine
      1 c  Granulated sugar
    1/3 c  Packed brown sugar
      2 tb Water
      1 c  Sliced unblanched almonds
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/3 c  Semisweet chocolate pieces
    1/2 c  Mock Pistachios* (optional)
 
   *See recipe for Mock Pistachios Grease 13x9x2" baking pan; set
  aside. In 3-quart saucepan melt butter. Add sugars and water and mix
  well. Bring to boil, stirring constantly. Place cany thermometer
  insyrup and when it reaches 260F, stir in almonds. Boil to 300F
  (hard-crack stage), stirring occasionally. Remove from heat; stir in
  soda. Working rapidly, pour candy into greased pan, top with
  chocolate pieces and let stand a few minutes until melted. Spread
  chocolate evenly, then sprinkle with Mock Pistachios. Cool in pan on
  rack. To serve, break in pieces. Store airtight with waxed paper
  between layers in cool, dry place 4 weeks. Makes about 1-1/4 pounds.
   Source - Woman's Day Nov. 1975
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND BUTTERCRUNCH CANDY
 Categories: Candies, Holiday
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Almonds, slivered;blanched
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 tb Corn syrup, light
 
  Line bottom and sides of 8 or 9 inch cake pan with foil. Butter
  heavily. Combine almonds, butter, sugar and corn syrup in 10 inch
  skillet. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly until
  mixture turns golden brown, about 5 to 6 minutes. Quickly spread
  candy in prepared pan. Cool until firm. Remove candy from pan by
  lifting edges of foil. Break into pieces, if desired. makes; about
  3/4 lb
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Fruits/nuts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------PASTRY--------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Flour
      4    Egg yolks
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/4 lb Butter

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
    1/4 lb Butter
      1 c  Chopped almonds
    3/4 c  Ground almonds
    2/3 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs
    1/4 c  Potato starch or cornstarch
    1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 pn Salt
 
  FOR THE PASTRY: Combine pastry ingredients by hand or in a food
  processor to form a soft dough. Do not overmix. Chill for 30 minutes.
  Roll out and line an 11-or-12-inch pie or tart pan. Prick the base
  and chill for 15-to-20 minutes. Preheat oven to 375F. FOR THE
  FILLING: Heat 1/3 of the butter in a saute pan, add the chopped
  almonds and saute over medium heat until browned. Cool. Melt the
  remaining butter in a small saucepan. Cool. Mix the ground almonds
  and sugar in a bowl and add the eggs one by one, beating after each
  addition until the mixture is light and thick. Sift the potato or
  corn starch with the baking powder and salt and fold into the almond
  mixture. Fold in the melted butter. Do not overmix. Pour the mixture
  into the tart shell and bake for 10-12 minutes or until the batter
  begins to set. Quickly scatter the chopped almonds over the top in
  one even layer. Return the tart to the oven and continue baking for
  17-to-20 minutes or until the pastry is brown and the filling is firm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CHEESE HORSESHOE
 Categories: Breads, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Bread flour
    1/4 c  Water
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1    Egg; or 1/4 cup egg sub.
    1/4 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Act. dry yeast
    1/4 c  Margarine

MMMMM-----------------------ALMOND FILLING----------------------------
           -Combine
      8 oz Cream cheese; softened .
           -I prefer 4 oz
    1/8 c  Sugar, and
      2 tb Almond Extract
 
   Make on dough cycle and remove to greased bowl. Rest in refrigerater
  30 min.  Knead breifly on floured board and roll into 15x10 in.
  rectangle. Spread filling leaving 1/2 inch border on all sides.
  Starting long side, roll into jellyroll and tuck and seal ends. Seal
  long seam and place on greased baking sheet, shaping into horseshoe.
  Cut slits with scissors through top of dough at 2 inch intervals.
  Cover and let rise in warm place till double in bulk, about 45
  minutes. Brush top with beaten egg or egg sub. and bke in preheated
  oven 375 degrees for 15 to 20 min. till>>>>>> golden.  Cool slightly
  and drizzle with powdered sugar glaze. ALMOND FILLING: Combine in
  small bowl and mix to spreading consistency. You may add more extract
  and sugar to taste. Also you may use 1 T. milk or more to thin
  depending on type of cream cheese.
  
   For a really festive one add candied cherries in slits and sprinkle
  with sliced almonds before baking. ~--
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CHEESE PINECONE
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Crackers
           Pine sprigs for garnish
    1/2 ts Worcestershire sauce
    1/4 c  Minced green onions
    1/2 lb Crumbled blue cheese
      2 c  Blanched toasted whole
           Almonds
      3 pk (8-oz ea) cream cheese
           Softened
      2    Jars (5-oz ea) pasteurized
           Process cheese spread
           W/pimento
 
  In a large bowl with mixer at medium speed, beat cream cheese, cheese
  spread with pimento and blue cheese until smooth. With spoon, stir in
  green onions and worcestershire sauce. Cover and refrigerate about
  one hour. On work surface, with hands, shape cheese mixture into
  shape of large pine cone. Arrange on wooden board. Beginning at
  narrow end of cone, carefully press almonds about 1/4 inch deep into
  cheese mixture in rows, making sure that pointed end of each almond
  extends at a slight angle. Continue pressing almonds into cheese
  mixture in rows, with rows slightly overlapping, until all cheese is
  covered. Garnish pinecone with pine sprigs. Serve with crackers.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Almonds, slivered
  2 1/2 c  Chicken, cooked
      4 tb Butter
    1/4 c  Flour
    1/4 c  White raisin
    1/2 c  Mushrooms, sliced
      1 c  Evaported milk
    1/2 c  Sherry
      1 ds Salt
      1 ds Pepper
 
  Melt half the butter in a large skillet.  Saute' mushrooms about 2
  minutes. Add rest of butter, flour, salt and pepper to taste. Add
  raisins and sherry. Cook until sherry has been absorbed. Add milk and
  simmer 10 minutes. Serve topped with almonds over rice or toast.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CHICKEN CASSEROLE
 Categories: Poultry, Casseroles, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      5 c  Diced chicken
           - (boned, skinned)
    1/2 c  Mayonaise
    1/2 c  Plain yogurt
      1 cn Cream mushroom soup
      2 c  Chicken broth
    3/4 tb White pepper
      1 tb Salt
      2 tb Lemon juice
      3 tb Chopped onion
      4 c  Cooked rice
      8 oz Can sliced water chestnuts
  1 1/2 c  Sliced almonds
      1 c  Chopped celery
    2/3 c  Butter
      3 c  Corn flakes
 
  Mix the chicken, mayonnaise, yogurt, soup, broth, pepper, salt, lemon
  juice, onion, rice, water chestnuts, 1 cup almonds, & celery
  together. Put into a large buttered casserole dish. Mix 1/2 cup
  almonds, the butter, and the corn flakes together and top the
  casserole with this mixture. Bake in a pre-heated 350 degree F oven
  for 35-45 minutes. Serves 4-6 **NOTE** This dish refrigerates well
  and freezes well so it can be perparted ahead and stored.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND COOKIE SHELLS
 Categories: Desserts, Biscuits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lg Egg whites
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Flour
    1/2 c  Almonds, sliced, toasted
 
       Put the egg whites in a bowl and beat them briefly.
  
       Add the sugar and flour, then whisk.  Stir in the almonds.
  
       Butter a sheet pan and spoon tablespoons of mixture onto the pan.
  Spread the spoonfuls on the sheet slightly with the back of a spoon
  to form circles about 2 inches apart.
  
       Bake in a 350 F oven for 5 - 7 minutes.  Remove from oven and
  while still hot, you can mold the cookies into small cups by placing
  them over small cups, or shot glasses, or even the back of a muffin
  tin. Set aside to dry.
  
       When dry, the almond cookies can be eaten as is, or in my
  favorite way which is to fill them with mousse of some kind - or even
  ice cream or yogurt (if you eat hurriedly before they soften.) ;-)
  
       Source:  Great Chefs of San Francisco, Avon Books, 1984
  
       Chef:   Masataka Kobayashi, Masa's, Vintage Court Hotel,
       :       San Francisco, CA
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter
      4 oz Brown sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
      2    Egg yolks
      2 c  Flour
  1 1/2 c  Sliced almonds
 
  Mix to-gether and drop by spoonfuls on greased cookie sheet. Bake at
  350 30 min.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND COOKIES #1
 Categories: Cookie/bars, China, Formatted
      Yield: 32 Cookies
 
    1/2 c  Lard; room temp - do not
           -substitute
    1/4 c  Shortening
    2/3 c  Sugar; granulated
    1/4 c  Sugar, brown, light; packed,
           -sifted thru coarse serive
      2 ea Eggs
      1 tb Almond extract
  2 1/2 c  Flour, all-purpose
    3/4 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Water
     32 ea Apricot pits; (traditional)
           -or substitute 32 whole
           -blanched almonds
 
    1) In med. size bowl, cream together lard, vegetable shortening, and
  sugars until very light and creamy. Beat in one of the eggs and the
  almond extract.
    2) Sift together flour, baking soda, and salt.
    3) Beating at low speed if using mixer, add the four mixture to the
  creamed mixture, abt. 1/3 at a time. Press dough together with your
  hands to form 2 balls, which will be very crumbly.
    4) Place each ball on wax paper and roll into cylinder abt. 8" long.
  Chill several hrs. or better yet: overnight.
    5) Preheat oven to 275 F. Beat remaining egg with the 2 tb. water.
    6) With sharp, serrated knife cut each cylinder into 16 equal
  slices. Place on lge. ungreased baking sheet. Brush cookies with egg
  wash and press an almond into center of each.
    7) Bake cookies in center of over for 25 min., then raise heat to
  325 F. and bake 10 to 15 min. more, or until golden brown.
    8) Transfer cookies to rack and let cool completely. Store airtight
  for several weeks. You can obtain traditional apricot pits at any
  health food store.
    <source unknown> formatted and reposted by DonW1948@aol.com /
  homepage http://members.aol.com/DonW1948/homepage.htm
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND COOKIES #2
 Categories: China, Cookie/bars
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  2 3/4 c  Sifted flour
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Butter
      1    Slightly beaten egg
      1 ts Almond extract
    1/3 c  Whole almonds
 
  Sift flour, sugar, soda and salt together into bowl. Cut in butter
  till mixt resembles cornmeal. Add egg and almond extract; mix well.
  Shape dough into 1-inch balls and place 2 inches apart on ungreased
  cookie sheet. Place an almond atop each cookie and press down to
  flatten slightly. Bake at 325 degrees for 15 to 18 minutes. Cool on
  rack.
  
  Makes 4 1/2 dozen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND COOKIES #3
 Categories: China, Cookie/bars
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    3/4 ts Baking powder
      1    Egg
    1/2 lb Lard
    1/2 c  Brown sugar, packed
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Almond extract
           Blanched whole almonds
      1    Egg yolk (or double amt.)
 
  Sift flour with soda and baking powder. Beat egg and lard together.
  Add sugars and almond extract. Gradually mix in dry ingredients until
  well blended. For each cookie, roll 1 tablespoon dough into ball.
  Place on ungreased baking sheets and press 1 almond in middle of
  each. Brush with beaten egg yolk and bake at 350F 15 to 20 minutes.
  
  (C) 1992 The Los Angeles Times
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND COOKIES (M_C-TX)
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 15 Servings
 
  2 3/4 c  Flour
      2 tb Milk
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Butter
      1 ts Almond extract
      1    Egg (beaten)
           Sliced or slivered almonds
 
  Thoroughly mix all ingredients together. Roll dough into 1 inch balls
  (or rounded teaspoons) onto ungreased cookie sheet. Flatten with
  thumb. Top with almonds. Bake at 325 for 8-10 minutes. Makes 5 dozen.
  Enjoy!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND COOKIES B1
 Categories: Grains, Chinese, Desserts
      Yield: 60 Cookies
 
      1 c  Lard
      1 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
      2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      5 dr Yellow food coloring
      1 ts Almond extract
     60    Whole blanced almonds
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F.  Lightly grease two baking sheets. In mixing
  bowl, beat the lard with the sugar unitl fluffy. Beat in 1 of the
  eggs. Add the flour and baking soda, stirring just until blended. Add
  the food coloring and extract, stirring until blended. Cover tightly
  with plastic wrap and chill for 1/2 hour. Preheat oven to 375 F. On
  work surface, form dough into one 1 or 2 rolls 1 IN. in diameter.
  Slice into 60 1/2-IN. rounds and arrange on baking sheets.  Slightly
  beat the remaining egg and brush over the rounds. Press 1 almond in
  the center of each round. Bake in preheated oven for 15 minute until
  golden.
  
  Sweets are not often a part of a Chinese dinner, but Americans like
  to eat dessert with Chinese food.
  
  Temperature(s): ROOM Effort: AVERAGE Time: 00:30 Source: LEEANN CHIN
  Comments: MINNEAPOLIS, MINNETONICA Comments: WINE: WAN FU
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND COOLER
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  -Boiling water
      3    Almond herbal tea bags
      1 pt Lemon sherbet; or orange
           -sherbet
 
  Pour the boiling water over tea bags. Let stand for 5 minutes. Remove
  tea bags; discard. Chill tea for at least 2 hours. At serving time,
  spoon sherbet into 4 chilled glasses, pour in chilled tea.
  
  MAKES: 4 - 8 oz servings Per serving: 129 cal., 1 g. protein, 30 g.
  carbo., 1 g. fat, 10 mg. sodium
  
  SOURCE: 1986 Best-Recipes Yearbook, Better Homes and Gardens
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CREAM CHEESE STUFFED FRENCH TOAST
 Categories: Breakfast, Gourmet
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lb French bread (wide loaf); un
      4 oz Almonds, dry-roasted; diced
      8 oz Cream cheese; softened
    1/2 c  Raspberry preserves
     24    Eggs
  1 1/2 qt Milk
      1 ts Almond extract
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 ts Cinnamon
           Butter, maple syrup, powdere
 
  Recipe by: Blue Diamond Growers Cut bread into 1-inch slices and cut a
  pocket into each side. Combine almonds, cream cheese and preserves and
  stuff into bread pockets. Beat together eggs, milk and flavorings.
  Soak bread and saute in butter until browned on both sides. Serve 2-4
  slices per person.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CREAM FILLING
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Butter
      1 c  Almond paste
      1 c  Rich milk or light cream
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Toasted almonds, ground
      6    Egg yolks
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Cream butter until it is soft.  Add almond paste a little at a time,
  alternating with milk.  Stir in sugar and ground nuts. Cook over
  medium heat, stirring constantly until cream thickens. Stir a few
  tablespoons of hot, thickened cream into egg yolks. Then pour
  egg-yolk mixture into remaining cream, stirring briskly. Return to
  low heat. Continue to cook and stir until cream thickens a little
  more, being careful not to let it boil. When mixture is cool, add
  vanilla.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CRECENTS
 Categories: German, Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter or margarine
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla extract
  1 1/2 ts Almond extract
  2 1/2 c  Flour; unbleached
      1 c  Almonds; ground
      1 x  Confectioners' sugar
 
  Beat together butter and sugar until very light and fluffy. Blend in
  extracts.  Mix in flour and almonds. Using about 1 T of dough for
  each, shape into logs and bend into crecents. Place on greased cookie
  sheet. Bake 12 to 15 minutes at 350 degrees F until light brown.
  While warm, roll crecents in confectioners' sugar. Cool on racks and
  store in a tightly sealed container. Makes 3 dozen cookies.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CREME
 Categories: Chinese, Desserts, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  (180 ml.) cold water
      1    Envelope unflavored gelatin
    1/2 c  (125 ml.) sugar
    3/4 c  (180 ml.) boiling water
  1 1/4 c  (310 ml.) evaporated milk
    1/2 ts (2 ml.) vanilla
    1/2 ts (2 ml.) almond extract
      2    Kiwi fruits, if desired
      4    Fresh ripe strawberries, if
           -desired.
 
  1.  Measure cold water into small bowl.  Sprinkle gelatin over cold
  water. Let stand for 1 minute.
  
  2.  Add sugar to gelatin mixture.  Stir until gelatin dissolves. Pour
  boiling water into medium bowl.  Stir in gelatin mixture.
  
  3.  Combine milk, vanilla and almond extract.  Stir milk mixture into
  gelatin mixture.
  
  4.  Divide mixture between four serving dishes. Refrigerate until set,
  about 3 hours
  
  5.  Pare and slice kiwis.  Arrange kiwi slices and strawberries over
  each dessert.
  
  Chinese Cooking Class Cookbook, by the editors of Consumers Guide.
  Copyright 1980 by Publications International, Ltd, Skokie, Illinois.
  ISBN 0-517-322455
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; May 19 1992.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CRESCENTS
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 40 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter
    1/2 ts Almond extract
    3/4 c  Powdered Sugar,sifted
      2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Oats,uncooked
    1/2 c  Almonds,finely chopped
           Powdered Sugar
 
  Heat oven to 325 degress F. Beat butter and almond extract till
  fluffy;gradually beat in sugar. Add combined flour and salt;mix well.
  Stir in oats and almonds. Shape to form crescents. Place on ungreased
  cookie sheet. Bake 15-18 minutes or until light golden brown. Sift
  powdered sugar over warm crescents.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CRESCENTS BY BRIGITTE SEALING
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 40 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter
    1/2 ts Almond extract
    3/4 c  Powdered Sugar,sifted
      2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Oats,uncooked
    1/2 c  Almonds,finely chopped
           Powdered Sugar
 
  Heat oven to 325 degress F. Beat butter and almond extract till
  fluffy;gradually beat in sugar. Add combined flour and salt;mix well.
  Stir in oats and almonds. Shape to form crescents. Place on ungreased
  cookie sheet. Bake 15-18 minutes or until light golden brown. Sift
  powdered sugar over warm crescents.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CRISPS
 Categories: Desserts, Heirloom
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Melted butter
      1 c  Rolled oats
      1 c  Coconut
    1/2 c  Almonds (halved)
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Mix brown sugar and melted butter.  Add rolled oats, coconut, almonds
  and vanilla.  Stir.  Press into a greased 8 inch square pan. Bake at
  350F for 20 minutes. Cut in small squares while warm, remove when
  cooled. Source: Heritage Recipes ch.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CRISPS WITH AMARETTO-GLAZED ALMONDS
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------------GLAZED ALMONDS----------------------------
  1 1/2 ts Unsalted butter
    3/4 c  Slivered almonds
  1 1/2 tb Amaretto liquor

MMMMM---------------------------DOUGH--------------------------------
      1 c  Flour, all-purpose
      1 pn Salt
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter; room temp.
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 sm Egg; room temperature
      2 ts Amaretto liquor
           Sugar
           Powdered sugar, optional
 
  For almonds:  Melt butter in heavy small skillet over medium heat. Add
  almonds and amaretto and stir until almonds are golden brown, about 5
  minutes.  Cool on paper towels.
  
  For dough:  Preheat oven to 350-degrees.  Lightly grease 2 large
  baking sheets.  Sift 1 cup flour with salt into small bowl. Using
  electric mixer, cream butter with 1/2 cup sugar in large bowl until
  light and fluffy. Blend in egg and amaretto.  Add flour and mix until
  dough binds. (Dough will be sticky.)
  
  Divide dough into 30 pieces.  Roll each between palms into balls,
  dusting hands with flour if necessary. Set on baking sheets, spacing
  2 inches apart.
  
  Fill small bowl with water.  Mound sugar on plate. Dip bottom of
  2-1/2" round glass into water and then into sugar. Press glass down
  onto 1 dough ball, flattening into 2-1/2- to 3-inch round. Repeat
  with remaining dough. Sprinkle rounds lightly with sugar.
  
  Gently press several glazed almond slivers into each round in flower
  pattern.  Bake until edges of cookies are golden brown, 8 to 10
  minutes. Cool on rack.  Just before serving, dust cookies with
  powdered sugar if desired.
  
  Source: Bon Appetit magazine, date unknown. Typed just for you by
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CRUMB CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry, Low-cal
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 oz Blanched almonds; ground
      1 tb Bread crumbs; plain, dried
  1 1/2 ts Parmesan cheese; grated
    1/8 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Basil leaves
      8 oz Chicken cutlets; divided 1/2
      1 tb Skim milk
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      2    Lemon wedges
 
  Pound chicken cutlet to 1/8 inch thickness.  On sheet of wax paper
  combine ground almonds, bread crumbs, cheese, salt and basil. Dip 1
  chicken cutlet into milk, then into crumb mixture, coating both sides
  evenly; repeat procedure with remaining cutlet, being sure to use all
  of milk and crumb mixture.     Heat oil in skillet. Add chicken and
  coat, turning once, until browned on both sides, 3 to 4 minutes on
  each side. Serve with lemon wedges.  Per serving (each cutlet): 289
  cal.; 16 g. fat; 67 mg. cholesterol. WW:
        3    Pro; 1 1/2 fat; 110 cal.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CRUMBLE
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        2 c  flour
    1 1/2 c  sugar
        2 ts baking powder
      1/4 ts salt
      2/3 c  unsalted butter
        2    eggs
      3/4 c  milk
        1 ts vanilla extract
      1/2 ts almond extract
      1/2 c  chopped almonds
      3/4 ts cinnamon
      1/4 ts allspice
  
  Preheat oven to 350. Grease a 9 by 5 inch loaf pan. Line bottom and
  along sides of pan with waxed paper. Allow 3 inches overhang of paper
  at top. Sift flour, sugar, baking powder and salt together in a large
  bowl. Cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse meal. Remove 1/2
  cup flour mixture to medium bowl and set aside. Stir eggs, milk
  ,vanilla and almond extracts into original flour mixture. And beat
  until blended. Pour about 1 cup batter into prepared pan. Add
  almonds, cinnamon, and allspice to reserved flour mixture and stir
  well. Sprinkle 1/3 of the nut mixture over batter in pan. Repeat
  layering twice, ending with nut mixture. Bake until toothpick
  inserted in center comes out clean, about 70-80 minutes. Loosen sides
  of loaf pan with wide spatula. Grasping waxed paper firmly, pull loaf
  from pan and cool on wire rack.
  
  Recipe By     :THE DESSERT SHOW SHOW# DS3018
  
                                        Date: Sat, 26 Oct 1996 22:42:31
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND CRUMBLE TOPPING
 Categories: 
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  All-purpose flour
      3 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Freshly grated nutmeg
    1/2 c  Sliced almonds
      6 tb Unsalted butter -- melted
 
  Combine flour, sugar and nutmeg in a mixing bowl; stir well to mix
  and stir in sliced almonds. Stir in the butter evenly. Set aside for
  5 minutes, then, using your fingertips, break the mixture into 1/4 to
  1/2 inch crumbs. Set aside again while you prepare the filling for
  Blueberry Lattice Pie.
  
  Recipe By     : BAKERS' DOZEN (NICK MALGIERI) SHOW #BD1A18
  
                                        Date: Tue, 15 Oct 1996 20:20:24
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND DEVILED EGGS
 Categories: Egg
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      6    Hard-boiled egg
    1/4 c  Mayonnaise
      1 ts Dijon mustard
    1/4 ts Garlic salt
      3 ts Roasted almonds; finely chop
     12    Roasted almonds
           Fresh parsley
 
  Recipe by: Country Woman Preparation Time: 0:30 Slice eggs in half
  lengthwise; remove yolks and set whites aside. In a small bowl, mash
  yolks, mayonnaise, mustard, garlic salt and chopped almonds. Evenly
  fill the egg whites, Garnish with whole almonds and parsley. Chill
  until read to serve.Yield: 12 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND DOUBLE CHIP COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Butter or margarine,
           -softened
    3/4 c  Packed light brown sugar
      1    Egg
    1/2 ts Almond extract
  1 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 ts Baking soda
        ds Salt
      1 c  Semisweet chocolate chips
      1 c  Vanilla milk chips
    1/2 c  Slivered blanched almonds
 
  Preheat oven to 375'F. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper or
  leave ungreased. Beat butter and brown sugar in large bowl until
  creamy. Beat in egg and almond extract. Combine flour, baking soda
  and salt in small bowl. Blend in butter mixture. Stir in semisweet
  and vanilla milk chips and almonds. Drop dough by rounded
  tablespoonfuls, 3" apart, onto prepared cookie sheets. Bake 8-10
  minutes or until light brown. DO NOT OVERBAKE. Cool 2 minutes on
  cookie sheets; remove to wire racks to cool completely.
  
  Makes about 3 dozen cookies.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND DREAM
 Categories: Beverages, Tea
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Boiling water
      6    Almond herbal tea bags
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Whipping cream
           Ground nutmeg (opt.)
 
  In a teapot, pour boiling water over tea bags; cover and steep for 5
  minutes.  Remove tea bags.  Stir in sugar; cool. In a blender, process
  cream at high speed for 30 seconds or until thickened. Add tea
  mixture; process until blended.  Pour into glasses. Garnish with
  nutmeg if desired. Source:  Taste of Home mag, June/July 1996
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND DUMPLINGS (FOR SOUP)
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2    Eggs, separated
           Salt & pepper
    1/2 ts Chopped parsley
      6    Minced almonds
    1/2 ts Baking powder
 
  Flour
  
  Beat egg yolks very light. Add salt, pepper, parsley, almonds, baking
  powder, & enough flour to make a VERY stiff batter. Add beaten egg
  whites. Test a teaspoonful in boiling water - if it boils apart, add
  more flour. Drop from teaspoon into boiling soup 10 minutes before
  serving. This is from The Settlement Cookbook.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND FILLING
 Categories: Crocker, Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  3 1/2 oz Almond paste
    1/2 c  Powdered sugar
    1/4 c  Margarine or butter
    1/2 c  Sliced almonds
 
  Heat 1 package (3 1/2 oz) almond paste, cut up, 1/2 powdered sugar
  and 1/4 cup margarine or butter over medium heat, stirring constantly
  until smooth. Stir in
      1/2    cup sliced almonds.
  
  Source: Betty Crocker's Cookbook, 6th Edition
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND FLAVORED TEQUILA LIQUEUR
 Categories: Newspaper, Alcohol, Beverages
      Yield: 3 1/2 cups
 
      8 oz Unpeeled almonds; dark
           .  roasted  (see note)
    1/2    Vanilla bean; split
      1    Stick cinnamon; 3 inch
      1    Bottle gold tequila
      2 tb Spicy piloncillo syrup; see
           .  other recipe
    1/4 ts Pure almond extract
 
  ú 'h teaspoon pure almond extract Note: Place nuts on baking sheet in
  325-degree preheated oven and toast until dark brown, turning
  occasionally. When done, remove from pan to prevent overcooking.
  
  Coarsely chop nuts. Place in jar along with the vanilla bean and
  cinnamon stick. Coverwith tequila and steep for 2 weeks in cool, dark
  place, shaking gently occasionally (a murky sediment is natural).
  Strain several times through paper coffee filters.
  
  Add syrup and almond extract in small increments, tasting after each
  addition, until satisfied with flavor. Pour into sterilized
  dark-colored jar: allow to set for 2 weeks, adding more syrup if
  needed.
  
  Pour into pretty decorative jars for gifts. Serve either poured into
  hot coffee or served over ice in brandy snifters with a twist of
  lemon .
  
  Nutritlional analsis per ounce: 106 calories, 4 grams fat, 3 grams
  carbohydrates, 0 cholesterol, 1 milligram sodium, 35 percent of
  calories from fat .
  
  Source:  Tequila: Cooking with the Spirit of Mexico
  
  ** Fort Worth Star Telegram -- Food section -- 29 November 1995 **
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND FLOAT WITH MANDARIN ORANGES
 Categories: Chinese, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Boiling water
    1/2 c  Agar-agar, cut in pieces
      1 c  Evaporated milk
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 tb Almond extract
      2 c  Hot water
      1 c  Mandarin oranges
 
  A light, sweet, gelatinous pudding of very delicate texture, totally
  unlike a typical gelatin dessert - Jello it is not. Have large cooled
  bowl or (preferably) 9" x 9" glass dish ready for gelatin mixture.
  Add agar-agar to boiling water and stir until thoroughly dissolved.
  (Watch for burning on bottom.) At this stage, agar-agar will impart
  noticeable odor, but it does not carry through to finished dish. Add
  evaporated milk and sugar; bring back to boil and boil for 1 minute,
  stirring constantly. Add almond extract.  Slowly add hot water,
  continuing to stir until sugar is completely dissolved.  As soon as
  mixture returns to boil, turn off heat. Pour mixture into bowl for
  setting. When it has cooled slightly, cover and refrigerate for at
  least 2 hours.  Turn jellied mixture out onto flat plate, then cut it
  in 1" squares. Place squares in individ- ual serving bowls with
  Mandarin orange wedges and their juice. Cover and return to
  refrigerator until ready to serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND FRENCH TOAST HEARTS
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      6    1" thick slices bread
    1/4 c  Milk
      2    Eggs, beaten
    1/2 ts Almond extract
      2 tb Butter or margarine
           Sifted powdered sugar
           Fresh strawberries (opt)

MMMMM-----------------------ALMOND BUTTER----------------------------
      1 c  Butter, softened
      3 tb Sifted powdered sugar
      1 ts Almond extract
 
  Cut a heart shape from each bread slice, using a 3 1/2" heart shaped
  cookie cutter. Reserve bread trimmings for other uses.
  
  Combine milk, eggs and almond extract in a shallow dish; stir well.
  Dip 3 heart shaped bread slices into egg mixture, turning to coat
  both sides.
  
  Melt 1 tablespoon butter in a large skillet or on a hot griddle;
  arrange the 3 slices of bread in the skillet, and cook over medium
  heat 3 minutes on each side or until golden.  Transfer to a serving
  plate, and keep warm.
   Repeat procedure with remaining bread slices, egg mixture and butter.
  Sprinkle French toast with powdered sugar.
  
  Spoon Almond Butter into a pastry bag fitted with a decorative tip
  and pipe butter onto center of each heart, if desired. Garnish with
  fresh strawberries if desired.
  
  For Almond Butter: Combine all ingredients in a medium mixing bowl;
  beat at medium speed of an electric mixer until smooth. Chill until
  slightly firm but still soft enough to pipe.
  
  From Southern Living Five Star Recipe Collection
  
  Formatted on October 4, 1996 by Jamie Calton
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND FRIED ICE CREAM
 Categories: China, Dairy, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      8    Scoops vanilla ice cream
           Oil for deep frying
      1 c  Tangerine sauce
      2 c  Sliced almonds
 
  Scoop the ice cream in advance; return to freezer until extremely
  hard. Heat the cooking oil in a deep-fryer. Roll each ice-cream ball
  in the tangerine sauce then in the sliced almonds, coating
  thoroughly. Deep-fry for a few seconds only. Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND FRIED ICE CREAM B1
 Categories: Chinese, Dairy, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      8    Scoops vanilla ice cream
           Oil for deep frying
      1 c  Tangerine sauce
      2 c  Sliced almonds
 
  Scoop the ice cream in advance; return to freezer until extremely
  hard. Heat the cooking oil in a deep-fryer. Roll each ice-cream ball
  in the tangerine sauce then in the sliced almonds, coating
  thoroughly. Deep-fry for a few seconds only. Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND FRIED SHRIMP
 Categories: Fish, Appetizers
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  All purpose flour
      1 pn Salt
      2 c  Milk
      4 ea Eggs
     12 ea Uncooked jumbo shrimp
  1 1/2 c  Sliced almonds (5 oz)
      6 c  Vegetable oil
 
  Peel, devein and butterfly shrimp, leaving tails intact. Line large
  baking sheet with waxed paper. Place flour in medium bowl; add salt.
  Whisk milk and eggs in large bowl. Dredge shrimp (not tails) in
  seasoned flour; shake off excess. Dip shrimp (not tails) in milk
  mixture. Press almonds over shrimp, coating all but tails. Place
  shrimp on prepared sheet. Curl tails up over shrimp. Freeze until
  firm, about 1 1/2 hours. (Can be prepared up to 1 day ahead. Cover
  with foil.) Heat oil in heavy large saucepan to 350~. Loosen shrimp
  from paper. Add frozen shrimp to oil in batches and cook until deep
  golden brown, about 3 minutes. Transfer to paper towels using slotted
  spoon. Let drain. Divide shrimp among plates. Serve with cocktail
  sauce, tartar sauce and lemon wedges.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND FUDGE ICING DWPK69A
 Categories: Icings
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 lb Powdered sugar
      8 oz Cream cheese
    1/2 c  Margarine or butter
    1/4 c  Cocoa
 
  Mix ingredients together well with electric mixer, then sprinkle
  remaining 1/2 cup almonds to decorate. Hope you enjoy this. I do!
  Betty Garnes, Gatlinburg, TN Dolores, Ohio 04/29 07:28 pm
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND GATEAU
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Soft butter or margarine
    1/2 c  Sliced almonds
      2 tb C and H Golden Brown Sugar

MMMMM----------------------------CAKE---------------------------------
    1/4 c  C and H Golden Brown Sugar
           -- firmly packed
      1 pk Pound cake mix (17 oz.)
 
  Topping: Spread a 9-inch tube pan with soft butter in an even thick
  layer on bottom and 2/3 way up the sides. Pat almonds evenly over
  butter. Sprinkle brown sugar on bottom.
  
  Cake: Combine brown sugar with cake mix and prepare according to
  package directions.  Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake in 325
  degree oven 1 hour or until golden brown. To remove cake, invert on
  serving plate. Serve cold.
  
  If using a loose bottom tube pan place foil under pan to protect oven.
  
  Reprinted with permission from _Just Cakes_ From the C and H Sugar
  Kitchen Electronic format by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND GRANOLA BARS
 Categories: Diabetic, Snacks
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Rolled oats
    1/4 c  Oat bran
    1/4 c  Finely chopped almonds
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      2 tb Vegetable oil plus
      1 ts Vegetable oil
    1/3 c  Honey
    1/2 ts Vanilla extract
    1/4 ts Almond extract
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F.  Spray a baking sheet with non-stick spray.
  
  Combine dry ingredients in a large bowl.  Combine remaining
  ingredients and add to dry mixture.  Mix until all ingredients are
  moistened.
  
  Press mixture into a rectangular shape 7 inches wide and nine inches
  long. (Wet hands or use one hand and a damp spoon.)
  
  Bake about 12 minutes.  Remove from oven and cut into 16 bars using a
  sharp knife.  Separate bars slightly and return to oven for 3 to 5
  minutes more. The browner the bottom of the bars, the crisper they
  will be when cool.
  
  The edges will crumble slightly when cut - set aside for a snack.
  Remove to a wire rack to cool.
  
  1 bar = 86 calories, 2 grams protein, 4 grams fat, 12 grams
  carbohydrate, 1 mg sodium, 0 cholesterol, 1 gram fiber. One starch
  exchange = 15 grams carbohydrate, 3 grams protein, 80 calories One
  fat exchange = 5 grams fat, 45 calories
  
  Adapted from Oat Cuisine Shared by Elizabeth Rodier Feb 94
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND JOY CAKE
 Categories: Box cakes, Chocolate
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------
      1 pk Devil's food cake mix
     24    Large marshmallows
     14 oz Coconut
      1 c  Evaporated milk
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Almonds; chopped
 
  Make chocolate cake according to package directions in 2 round pans.
  Make favorite chocolate frosting for cake. While cake is cooling, heat
  evaporated milk, sugar and marshmallows in a very large pan to avoid
  spilling over. When marshmallows are melted, add coconut and almonds.
  Spread this on top of the bottom cake layer. Top with other cake
  layer and frost with chocolate frosting.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND JOY CANDY
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn Condensed milk; sweetened
           -14 oz
      2 oz Chocolate; unsweetened
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Coconut; shredded
     45    Almonds; whole, salted
 
  Preheat oven to 350F. In top of double boiler, combine condensed milk,
  chocolate and salt. Cook over rapidly boiling water; stirring often,
  for 5 to 7 minutes, or till until mixture thickens. Remove from heat
  and stir in vanilla and coconut. Form cookies by dropping teaspoons
  of mixture on well greased baking sheet, 1" apart. Top each with a
  whole almond. Bake on middle sheet of oven for 10-12 minutes,
  watching cookies carefully after 8-9 minutes,as the bottom can get
  too brown. Immediately remove cookies from pan with metal spatula and
  cool on wax peper covered rack.
  
  These taste a bit like the chocolate bars; hence the name. They freeze
  well. from _Heartland: The Best of the Old and the New from Midwest
  Kitchens_
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND JOY COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Almonds, Chocolate, Candy, Coconut  #
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Squares unsweetened
           Chocolate
      1 cn Sweetened, condensed milk
      3 c  Sweetened, flaked coconut
      1 ts Vanilla extract
        pn Salt
           Almonds for garnish
           GREAT
 
  Heat in a double boiler, 1 can sweetened condensed milk and 2 squares
  of unsweetened chocolate, until chocolate is melted. Stir until
  mixture is smooth. Pour over a bowl containing 3 cup of sweetened,
  flaked coconut. Add 1 tsp of vanilla extract and a pinch of salt. Mix
  well until coconut is completed coated. Drop on a cookie sheet which
  is line with parchment paper, by tspfuls. Press a whole almond into
  the top.
  
  Bake at 350 degrees F. for 10 to 12 minutes.  Check at 8 minutes, as
  bottoms of cookies brown quickly. Remove from oven, cool, remove from
  pan.
  
  Source:  Perry Lowell, FidoNet Gourmet Echo Original Post Date: 08
  Feb 92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND JUNKET
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 ts Gelatine
    3/4 c  Cold water
  1 1/4 c  Evaporated milk
    1/2 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Boiling water
      2    Drops almond essence
      2 lg Chinese Gooseberries (kiwi)
      4 sm Strawberries
 
  Sprinkle gelatine over cold water, add sugar.  Pour boiling water
  over, stir until sugar and gelatine have dissolved.
      Add milk and almond essence, stir well.  Pour mixture into four
  individual serving dishes, set aside until cool. Refrigerate until
  firm. Decorate with peeled thinly sliced chinese gooseberries and
  strawberries.
  
  From Chinese Cooking Class Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND KRUMKAKES
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Sifted powdered sugar
      3 ea Unbeaten egg whites
      2 tb Ground almonds
    1/2 c  Sifted all-purpose flour
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Cream together butter and powdered sugar; beat well. Add by degrees
  egg whites, almonds, flour and vanilla. This version can also be used
  to make Chinese fortune cookies. COOKING INSTRUCTIONS:
    You will need a krumkake iron, which fits over a 7-inch burner
  surface (gas or electric).  Always use moderate heat.
    For each baking period, the iron should be lightly rubbed at the
  beginning with unsalted butter, but after this initial greasing,
  nothing more is required. The batter needs a preliminary testing, as
  it is quite variable, depending on the condition of the flour, so do
  NOT add at once all the flour called for in the recipe. Test the
  batter for consistency by baking 1 teaspoonful first. The iron is
  geared to use 1 tablespoon of batter for each wafer, and it should
  spread easily over the whole surface but should not run over when
  pressed down. If the batter is too thin, add more flour.  Should any
  batter drip over, lift the iron off its frame and cut off the excess
  batter with a knife run along the edge of the iron.
    Cook each wafer about 2 minutes on each side or until barely
  colored. As soon as you remove it from the iron, roll it on a wooden
  spoon handle or cone form, and, when cool, fill it.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND LACE ROLLS
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Unblanched almonds,*
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 tb (rounded) flour
      1 tb Heavy cream
      1 tb Milk
 
  * finely ground
  
   These cookies require precision timing and fast action but the
  results are worth the trouble. I make them for holidays and special
  occasions, but they are delicious anytime.
  
   Preheat oven to 350ø. Butter and flour baking sheet.
  
   In a small, heavy pan, place all ingredients. Cook over low heat,
  stirring constantly until butter melts. Drop by teaspoonful: onto
  baking sheet (do not bake more than six at one time).
  
   Bake at 350ø for 7-9 minutes. Cookies should be only slightly brown
  and still bubbling at the center. Let cool only for a minute or so
  until the edge is firm enough to lift with a thin spatula Then,
  working quickly, lift cookies and turn them top side down onto paper
  towels. Roll over the handle of a wooden spoon to get a cylinder
  shape and let cool until crisp.
  
   Use a fresh cookie sheet for each baking to avoid cookies sticking on
  sheet. If cookies get too firm to roll over the spoon handle, place
  back in the oven for a few moments.
  
   Store cookies in an airtight cookie jar or tin. They will keep for a
  long time, and can be made well ahead of the holiday season.
  
   Variations: These cookies also can be left flat-make them smaller if
  you do that; however, they don't have the flair of the rolled lacy
  effect. Or roll ends of cooled cookies in melted chocolate.
  
  Yield: 2 dozen. Margo H. Tyler, Silver Spring, MD
  
     Randy Shearer
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND LEGEND CAKE  ::XWCG89A
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Chopped almonds
      1 pk P.Plus Yellow Cake Mix
    1/2 c  Orange juice
    1/2 c  Water
    1/3 c  Oil
    1/2 ts Almond extract
      3 x  Eggs
           Whole almong

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
    1/2 c  Apricot preserves
  2 1/2 ts Orange juice
 
  Heat oven to 350F. Generously grease bundt or 10-inch tube pan. Gently
  press 1/2 c. chopped almonds in bottom and half way up sides of pan.
  In large bowl, combine cake mix, 1/2 c orange juice, water, oil,
  almond extract and eggs at low speed until moistened; beat 2 minutes
  at high speed. Stir in whole almond. Carefully pour batter into
  prepared pan. Bake at 350F for 35-45 minutes or until toothpick
  inserted in center comes out clean. cool upright in pan 10 min.;
  invert onto serving plate. In small bowl, combine all glaze
  ingredients;blend well. Spoon over warm cake. Cool completely. The
  "Almond Legend" is that whoever gets the whole almond is assured of
  good luck.  From: Pillsbury "Best of the Bake Off Contest"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND LIQUEUR
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages
      Yield: 1 Pint
 
      3 oz Unsalted almonds, chopped
    1/8 ts Almond extract
  1 1/2 c  Vodka
      1 ds Cinnamon
    1/3 c  Sugar syrup (see recipe)
 
  Combine all ingredients and shake thoroughly. Let steep for two weeks.
  Filter and add more sugar if necessary. Let age for two more weeks
  and it will be ready to serve.Excellent in coffee or over ice cream.
  Yield: 1 pint Container: Quart jar
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND LIQUEUR 2
 Categories: Beverages, Vodka
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Sugar
  2 1/4 c  Water
      3    Lemons; the rind -- finely
           -grated
      1 qt Vodka
      3 tb Almond extract
      2 tb Vanilla extract
 
  Combine first 3 ingredients in a Dutch oven; bring to a boil. Reduce
  heat and simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally; cool completely.
  Stir in remaining ingredients; store in airtight containers. Yield:
  about 6 1/2 cups.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MACAROON BROWNIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      3 oz Cream cheese
      6 tb Butter or margarine
    3/4 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs
    1/2 c  Flour
      1 tb Flour
  1 2/3 c  Flaked coconut
      1 c  Whole blanched almonds
      6 oz Semisweet chocolate
    1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Beat cream cheese and 2 tablespoons butter until softened. Beat in
  1/4 cup sugar.  Stir in 1 egg, 1 tablespoon flour and coconut.
  Reserve 16 whole almonds, chop the rest.  Stir in 1/3 cup chopped
  almonds; set aside. Melt 5 oz chocolate and remaining butter (4 T)
  over low heat, until melted. Remove from heat. Stir in 1/2 cup sugar
  and vanilla. Beat in 2 eggs. Stir in 1/2 cup flour, baking powder and
  salt. Add remaining chopped almonds. Spread cheese batter on top.
  Garnish with whole almonds. Bake for 40 minutes until cake tester
  comes out clean, don't overbake. Melt remaining square of chocolate
  and drizzle over the brownies. Cool in pan. Cut into squares. Recipe
  can be doubled.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MACAROON CHERRY PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------FOR THE PIE-----------------------------
      1    Pie shell, 9 inch, unbaked
     21 oz Cherry pie filling
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Salt (optional)
      1 ts Lemon juice

MMMMM----------------------FOR THE TOPPING---------------------------
      1 c  Coconut
    1/2 c  Almonds, sliced
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/8 ts Salt (optional)
    1/4 c  Milk
      1 tb Butter, melted
    1/4 ts Almond extract
      1    Egg, beaten
 
  Preheat oven to 400F. Roll out pie pastry and place in 9 inch pie
  pan. In large bowl, combine pie filling, cinnamon, salt and lemon
  juice. Mix lightly. Spoon into crust-lined pie pan. Bake 20 minutes.
  Meanwhile, combine all topping ingredients in medium bowl and mix
  until blended. Remove pie from oven after 20 minutes, spread topping
  evenly over surface, and return pie to oven. Bake an additional 15 to
  30 minutes, or until crust and topping are golden brown.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MACAROONS
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 36 Cookies
 
      1 c  Sugar, confectioners
      1 c  Almond paste
      3    Egg whites
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Beat egg whites until stiff.  Mix thoroughly with almond paste and
  salt. Add sugar and beat thoroughly. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto
  slightly oiled baking sheet. Bake in moderate oven (375 F) about 15
  minutes. Remove from oven.  Set baking sheet on wet towel for a few
  minutes. Remove macaroons with a wide spatula. The almond paste may
  be made by pounding 2 1/2 cups shelled blanched almonds until a paste
  is formed.
  
                               The Household Searchlight
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MARZIPAN CREAM (FRANGIPANE)
 Categories: Italian, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Eggs
      3 oz (3/4 cup) all purpose flour
      2 c  Milk
      4 oz (1/2 cup) sugar
      6 oz (3/4 cup) ground almonds
 
  You will need 2 bowls, a saucepan, and a baking dish. Beat the eggs
  together.  Mix the flour with a little of the milk, and then stir
  into the rest of the milk and the beaten eggs. Cook the mixture over
  low heat like a custard, whisking steadily and adding the sugar and
  the almonds little by little.  When thick, remove from the heat and
  pour into an oiled baking dish. When it is cold, cut into squares
  like Turkish delight. Serve as a special treat for holidays.
  
  From:  "The Old World Kitchen - The Rich Tradition of European Peasant
  Cooking" by Elisabeth Luard, ISBN 0-553-05219-5 Posted by: Karin
  Brewer, Cooking Echo, 8/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MELTAWAYS
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Meltaway Cookie Recipe
 
  Make Meltaways except substitute 1 tsp. almond extract for vanilla.
  Submitted By THESERVS@GATE.NET (THOMAS E. HAUG) On TUE, 14 NOV 1995
  130951 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MERINGUES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 54 Servings
 
      2    Egg whites
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Ground almonds
 
  Preheat the oven to 325 Butter and flour a baking sheet or line with
  parchment paper. In a mixer, beat the egg whites at medium speed
  until they hold soft peaks. Gradually beat in the sugar until the
  whites are glossy and stiff. Using a rubber spatula, fold in the
  groud almonds. Drop rounded 1/2 ts of the meringue mexture about 1/2
  inch apart on the prepared baking sheet. Place in the oven and reduce
  the heat to 250. Bake about 1 hour, or until the meringues are barely
  colored and somewhat dry to the touch. Turn the oven off and leave
  the meringues in until completely dry to the touch.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MILK
 Categories: Beverages, Dairy
      Yield: 5 Cups
 
      1 qt Water, ice cold
      1 c  Soaked almonds
      2 tb Raisins
           -OR
      1 tb Sweetener
 
  Put all ingredients in a blender, and blend at high speed for 2
  minutes. Serve over granola or cereal.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MILK (NON-DAIRY!)
 Categories: Beverages, Vegetarian
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Almonds
      1 tb Syrup, maple
      2 c  Water
 
  Use raw almonds. Place almonds in blender and grind to fine powder.
  Add syrup and 1 c water.  Blend 1-2 minutes until smooth. With
  blender running on high, slowly add remaining water. Blend 2 minutes.
  Place strainer over large bowl.  Line with cheesecloth (not 100%
  neccessary, but recommended. Otherwise strain twice with very fine
  strainer.) Pour almond milk slowly into strainer and let filter
  through. When all milk has passed through strainer, press remaining
  milk out of accumulated almond fiber. Each serving will be
  approximately 1-1/4 cups. Milk will keep in fridge 4-5 days.
  Leftover fiber can be used as moisturizing body scrub in the shower.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MOUSSE AU CHOCOLATE
 Categories: Chocolate, Mousses
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Envelope Unsweetened Gelatin
           Powder
    1/4 c  Cold Water
      2    Unsweetened Baking Chocolate
           Squares
      1    Semisweet Chocolate Square
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 pt Heavy Cream
    1/4 ts Almond Extract
    1/2 c  Blanched Almonds -- toasted
           & chopped
 
  Soften gelatin in water. Melt chocolate in milk over boiling water.
  Add sugar and stir until it dissolves completely. Let it cool. Whip
  cream until it stands in soft peaks. Stir almond extract and chopped
  almonds into cooled chocolate. Fold 1/3 of the whipped cream into
  chocolate mixture. Then fold in remaining cream. Pour into an
  attractive serving bowl and let set in refrigerator, covered with
  plastic wrap, for at least 2 hours or overnight. Decorate with
  whipped cream, candied violets, grated sweet chocolate or toasted
  almonds before serving.
  
  Serves 6.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND MUSHROOM PATE
 Categories: Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Margarine
      1 x  Sm Onion, chopped (1/4 c)
      1 x  Clove garlic, minced
  1 1/2 c  Sliced Mushrooms (4 oz)
    1/2 ts Tarragon
      1 c  Blanched Whole Almonds(6 oz)
      1 tb Lemon juice
      2 ts Soy Sauce
      1 ds White Pepper
      2 tb Cream Cheese, opt.   *
 
  * or kefir cheese, or Neufchatel cheese GARNISH: slivered or finely
  chopped almonds, fresh parsley sprigs, pimiento strips, or sweet red
  pepper strips, optional
  """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" """""""""""""
  In a large skillet, melt margarine. Add onion, garlic, and mushrooms.
  Saute until tender but not browned. Add tarragon, stir until it is
  softened.
   Pour mixture into a bowl of food processor. Add remaining
  ingredients. Process until mixture is smooth. Add cheese if you
  prefer a more spreadable consistency. Spoon into a serving bowl. Top
  with garnish of your choice. Makes 1 1/2 cups.
   People who do not like ordinary pate seem to love this one. Vary the
  herbs and substitute the vegetables as you wish. Serve with water
  crackers, thick slices of crusty French bread, thin slices of whole
  wheat bread, or unsalted whole wheat crackers. May be frozen.
  VARIATIONS: - Substitute other vegetables for the mushrooms (maybe
  broccoli.) - Substitute 1/2 t fennel for the tarragon and 1 c whole
  pecans for
     the almonds ~ vary the flavor by using other seasonings such as
  basil, oregano,
     dillweed, curry powder, or nutmeg.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND NOUGAT
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Light corn syrup
      2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Water
      2    Egg whites
    1/2 ts Almond extract
           Red or green food coloring
    1/4 c  Soft butter or margarine
      1 c  Toasted chopped almonds
    1/4 c  Chopped candied cherries
 
  DIRECTIONS: Mix first 4 ingredients in heavy saucepan. Cook, stirring,
  until sugar is dissolved. Cook, without stirring, until a small
  amount of the mixture dropped in cold water forms a hard ball
  (250-F). Beat egg whites until stiff, but not dry, in large bowl of
  electric mixer. Gradually beat in about one fourth (not more) of the
  syrup, and continue beating until mixture holds its shape. Cook
  remaining syrup until a small amount of mixture separates into hard
  and brittle threads when dropped in cold water (300-F). Gradually
  beat into first mixture, and continue beating until the mixture
  begins to hold its shape. Add flavoring and food coloring to tint a
  delicate shade. Beat in butter; continue beating until very thick and
  satiny. Stir in nuts and cherries. Press into a buttered 8x8x2" pan,
  smoothing top. Let stand until firm. Turn out of pan, and cut in 1
  1/2" by 1" pieces. Wrap each piece individually in waxed paper. For
  best flavor, store several days in a cool place before serving.
  
  Source: Mom's old magazine clippings- 1940's to 1970's
  
  From: Sallie Austin
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND NUTMEG STICKY ROLLS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 14 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Sliced almonds
    1/3 c  Sugar
      2 tb Butter
      2 tb Light corn syrup
      1 ts Grated lemon peel
      1 tb Lemon juice

MMMMM---------------------------ROLLS--------------------------------
    1/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      8 oz Can Pillsbury
           -refrigerated Crescent
           -Dinner Rolls

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
    1/3 c  Powdered sugar
    1/4 ts Almond extract
      1 ts Up to ...
      2 ts Milk
 
  Heat oven to 350 degrees.  Grease 9 or 8" round cake pan. Sprinkle
  almonds in pan.  In small saucepan, combine remaining topping
  ingredients; bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer 4 minutes, stirring
  occasionally. Pour mixture over almonds.  In small bowl, combine 1/3
  c sugar and nutmeg; mix well. Separate dough into 2 long rectangles.
  Overlap long sides; firmly press perforations and edges to seal. Roll
  or press out to for 14 x 8" rectangle. Sprinkle sugar mixture evenly
  over dough. Starting at longer side, roll up. Firmly pinch edge and
  ends to seal. Cut into 1" slices; place, cut side down, over topping.
  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown. Invert onto serving
  plate.  In small bowl, combine powdered sugar, almond extract and
  enough milk for desired drizzling consistency; blend until smooth.
  Drizzle over rolls.  Serve warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND OATMEAL BREAD
 Categories: Oat, Dg, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Milk
  1 1/4 tb Applesauce
      1 tb Almond Paste
      1 ts Almond Extract
      1 ts Sugar
      1 ts Salt
    2/3 c  Oats
  1 1/3 c  Bread Flour
      1 ts Yeast
 
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND PANCAKE MIX
 Categories: Pancakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Nonfat Dry Milk
  2 1/2 c  All-Purpose Flour
      1 c  Whole Wheat Flour
      1 c  Almonds, Finely Ground
    2/3 c  Baking Powder
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 tb Salt
 
  In a large bowl, stir all ingredients together until well blended.
  Store in a resealable plastic bag. Yield: about 7 1/2 cups pancake
  mix, enough for 3 batches of pancakes.
  
  To make pancakes: In a medium bowl, combine 2 1/2 cups pancake mix, 1
  1/4 cups water, 1 egg, and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil. Stir just
  until moistened. Heat a greased griddle over medium heat. For each
  pancake, pour about 1/4 cup batter onto griddle and cook until top of
  pancake is full of bubbles and underside is golden brown. Turn with a
  spatula and cook until remaining side is golden brown. Regrease
  griddle as necessary. Yield: about 1 dozen 5-inch pancakes. Posted to
  MC-Recipe Digest V1 #
  
  Recipe by: The Creative Christmas Kitchen
  
  From: Martha Sheppard <marthahs@worldnet.att.net>
  
  Date: Sun, 08 Dec 1996 08:23:34 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND PASTE
 Categories: Nuts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
  Ingredients:
  
        6 oz Ground Almonds
        3 oz Caster Sugar
        3 oz Icing Sugar
        1 ts Lemon Juice
        1    Egg Yolk
      Few drops of Almond Essence
  
  Directions:
  
  To make the almond paste: Sift the ground almonds and sugars
  together. Add the remaining ingredients, mix well and knead lightly
  on a board.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND PASTE SUGAR COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  (4-oz) almond paste lightly
           -packed
      1 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1    Egg white
      2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      3 c  Powdered sugar sifted
      5 tb To 6 tb milk
      1 ts Almond extract
 
  Food coloring
  
  Place almond paste in food processor with metal blade in place:
  process until finely chopped. Add butter and sugar; process until
  thoroughly mixed. Add egg white; process until smooth. Add flour and
  cinnamon; process until dough forms a ball. Remove from processor;
  wrap in plastic and chill 1/2 hour or until firm.
  
  Roll dough on lightly floured work surface, approximately 1/4 inch
  thick. Cut into desired shapes. TRansfer to a lightly greased baking
  sheet; bake at 325 degrees, 10-12 minutes, until lightly browned.
  Removed cookies to a rack to cool. Mix together powdered sugar, milk
  and almond extract. Divide glaze into separate bowls and tint each
  bowl as desired with food coloring. Spread cookies with glaze and
  allow to dry and harden before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND PERSIMMON PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits/nuts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Sifted flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      2    Eggs
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 c  Sieved persimmon pulp
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine; melted
    3/4 c  Milk
      1 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Chopped almonds
           Bottled hard sauce OR
           - whipped cream
 
  Resift flour with soda, salt and cinnamon. Beat eggs until light.
  Beat in sugar. Stir in persimmon pulp and melted butter. Add flour
  mixture alternately with milk and beat until smooth. Fold in raisins
  and almonds. Pour batter into well-greased 9- x 5-inch loaf pan and
  set in pan of hot water. Bake at 325F 1 1/2 to 2 hours or until done.
  Serve warm with hard sauce or cold with whipped cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND PINECONES
 Categories: Appetizers, Dips
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Whole natural almonds
      8 oz Cream cheese
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
      5 sl Bacon; cooked and crumbled
      1 tb Green onion; chopped
    1/2 ts Dill weed
    1/8 ts Pepper
 
  Spread almonds in a single layer in shallow pan. Bake at 300F, 15
  minutes, stirring often, until almonds just begin to turn color.
  Combine cream cheese (let soften first) and mayonnaise; mix well. Add
  bacon, onion, dill and pepper; mix well. Cover and chill overnight.
  To serve, Form cheese mixture into shapes of 2 pinecones on serving
  platter. Beginning at narrow end, press almonds at slight angle into
  cheese mixture in rows. Continue overlapping rows until all cheese is
  covered. Garnish with artificial pine sprigs. Serve with crackers.
  Makes 1 1/2 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND POPPY BREAD
 Categories: Electric, Nuts, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Water
      2 c  Bread Flour
      1 tb Dry milk
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Butter
    1/4 c  Lemon yogurt
  1 1/2 tb Honey
    1/4 c  Sliced and toasted almonds
      2 ts Dried lemon peel
      2 tb Poppy seeds
      1 ts Lemon extract
      2 ts Yeast
      1    Pound loaf
 
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND POPPY NOODLES!
 Categories: Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 oz Medium egg noodles
      4 tb Butter or margarine
    1/2 c  Slivered almonds
      1 tb Poppy seeds
 
  Cook noodles according to package directions. In large skillet, melt
  1 T butter and lightly brown almonds. Stir in remaining butter,
  noodles and poppy seeds; heat through. Serve, if desired with pork
  roast.[1-2]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND POPPY SEED MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins, Breads
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour
  2 1/4 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Vegetable oil
  1 1/2 c  Milk
      3    Eggs
    1/2 ts Almond extract
  1 1/2 tb Poppy seeds
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Grease or use muffin papers to line two
  12-cup muffin tins. Combine flour, sugar baking powder, and salt. In
  another bowl whisk oil, milk, eggs and extract till smooth. Add dry
  ingredients mixing till moist.  Then gently stir in all the poppy
  seeds. Fill muffin tins and bake 30 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND POPPYSEED CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
 
  :          Crust:
        1 c  graham cracker crumbs
        1 TB sugar
      1/4 c  almonds -- finely chopped
      1/2 ts almond extract
      1/4 c  margarine
  :          Filling:
    1 1/2 lb cream cheese -- at room
  :          temperature
        1 c  sugar
        4    eggs -- at room temperature
      1/3 c  whipping cream
        2 ts almond extract
    1 1/2 ts poppy seeds
  :          Topping:
    1 1/2 c  sour cream
    1 1/2 TB sugar
      1/2 ts almond extract
      1/2 c  sliced almonds
  
  Preheat oven to 200 degrees.  Lightly grease a 9" springform pan. Mix
  crust ingredients together and press into bottom and 1" up sides of
  pan. Set aside. Beat cream cheese with electric mixer until fluffy.
  Blend in sugar. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each. Add
  cream, almond extract and poppyseeds. Turn mixture into prepared
  crust. Set pan on baking sheet. Bake for 2 hours or until toothpick
  inserted in center tests clean. Mix topping ingredients (except for
  sliced almonds) together; spread topping over hot cheesecake,
  sprinkle with sliced almonds and bake 5 more minutes or until topping
  is set.
  
  Recipe By     : D'Amico's Restaurant Cookbook, 1984
  
  From: Rooby <rooby@shell.Masterpiece.Codate: Mon, 28 Oct 1996 22:23:35
  ~0800
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND POTATO CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 c  Water
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 pk 4 serving size of instant
           Mashed potatoes
    1/3 c  Butter or margarine
      1 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
    3/4 ts Almond extract
    3/4 c  Ground almonds
 
  Boil water and salt,. remove from heat and stir in potatoes. cool.
  cream butter and sugar until light. beat in eggs one at a time, then
  almond extract, almonds and cooled potatoes. Turn into a greased and
  floured 8 inch square baking pan. Bake 350 for 50 minutes or tested
  done. Cool in pan 10 minutes. Remove from pan and cool completely.
  Sprinkle with powdered sugar. serve a custard sauce on the side.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND POUND CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Pound
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      3 c  Sugar
      2    Sticks butter
    1/2 c  Shortening
      5    Large eggs
    1/4 ts Salt
      3 c  Flour
      1 cn Small can evaporated milk
           (3/4 cup) + water to make
           1 cup
      2 ts Almond extract
 
  Cream sugar and shortening. Add eggs and salt, cream well. Add
  remaining ingredients. Pour into a very lightly greased 12 cup bundt
  pan. Put into cold oven; set temperature at 320F. Bake 1 hour and 30
  minutes. Cool 15 minutes and remove from pan.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND PRALINE BELL
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Nancy Speicher DPXX20A
      1 c  Blanched almonds
  1 1/3 c  Granulated sugar
    2/3 c  Light-brown sugar; packed
    1/3 c  Honey
    1/3 c  -cold water
      6 tb Butter
      1    Lemon; cut in half
 
   1. Preheat oven to 300F. Butter inside of 9", 10-cup decorative
  mold; or use a 10-cup bowl. Grease a large cookie sheet. On another
  cookie sheet, toast almonds until golden brown - about 20 minutes. In
  blender or food processor, grind almonds (makes 1 1/2 cups).
   2. In a heavy, 3-quart saucepan, combine granulated sugar, brown
  sugar, honey and water. Cook, stirring with a wooden spoon, until
  sugar is dissolved.
   3. Cook, uncovered and without stirring, to 300F on candy
  thermometer, or until a few drops of syrup in cold water form hard,
  brittle threads.
   4. Remove from heat; add butter and ground almonds.
   5. Pour into prepared cookie sheet. Using the 2 lemon halves and
  working quickly, smooth out and push from the center to the edge of
  the cookie sheet until the brittle is 1/8" thick.
   6. Lift brittle off the sheet before it is completely cooled and
  hardened, and mold it against the inside of prepared mold.
   7. Cool completely - about 2 hours. Unmold just before it is to be
  served.
   8. To unmold: With spatula, carefully loosen candy from pan; remove.
  Makes 1 large bell.
   Note: Leftover pieces can be kept in a closed jar at room
  temperature, or wrapped in aluminum foil.
   From McCalls Cookery No. 13
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND PRALINE CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -----crust-----
    3/4 c  Graham cracker crumbs
    1/2 c  Slivered almonds; toasted &
    1/4 c  Brown sugar; firmly packed
    1/4 c  Unsalted butter; melted
           -----cake-----
     24 oz Cream cheese; softened
     14 oz Condensed milk
      3    Eggs
      1 ts Almond extract
           -----topping-----
    1/3 c  Dark brown sugar; firmly pac
    1/3 c  Whipping cream
    1/2 c  Slivered almonds; chopped &
 
  Preheat oven to 425.  Combine crumbs, nuts, sugar, and butter; press
  firmly on bottom of 9-inch springform pan. In a large mixer bowl,
  beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in condensed milk
  until smooth. Add eggs and extract.  Pour into pan.  Bake at 425 for
  10 minutes, then at 300 for one hour.  Top with Almond Praline
  Topping and chill.
  
  Almond Praline Topping: In a small saucepan, combine sugar and cream.
  Cook and stir until sugar dissolves. Simmer 5 minutes or until
  thickened. Remove from heat; stir in almonds.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND PUFF
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter (or margarine),
           -softened
      1 c  Gold Medal flour
      2 tb Water
    1/2 c  Butter (or margarine)
      1 c  Water
      1 ts Almond extract
      1 c  Gold Medal flour
      3    Eggs
 
  Chopped nuts Confectioners' Sugar Glaze (below)
  
  Heat oven to 350. Cut 1/2 C. butter into 1 C. flour. Sprinkle 2 tbsp.
  water over mixture; mix with fork. Round into ball; divide in half.
  On ungreased baking sheet, pat each half into a strip, 12 by 3
  inches. Strips should be about 3 inches apart.
  
  In medium saucepan, heat 1/2 C. butter & 1 C. water to rolling boil.
  Remove from heat & quickly stir in almond extract & 1 C. flour. Stir
  vigorously over low heat until mixture forms a ball, about 1 minute.
  Remove from heat. Beat in eggs, all at one time, until smooth. Divide
  in half; spread each half evenly over strips, covering completely.
  Bake about 60 minutes or until topping is crisp & brown. Cool. Frost
  with Confectioners' Sugar Glaze & sprinkle generously with nuts. 10
  to 12 servings
  
  CONFECTIONERS' SUGAR GLAZE
  
  Mix 1 1/2 C. confectioners' sugar, 2 tbsp. butter,(softened), 1 to 1
  1/2 tsp. almond extract or 1 1/2 tsp. Vanilla & 1 to 2 tbsp. warm
  water until smooth.
  
  **** And that is it.. ****       Enjoy it!!    V.O.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND PUMPKIN PIE
 Categories: Pies, Dec96, Brand-name
      Yield: 1 Pie
 
      1    (9-in) unbaked pastry shell
     16 oz Pumpkin (2 cups)
     14 oz Sweetened condensed milk
      2    Eggs
      1 ts Almond extract
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      6 oz Almond brickle chips  OR
      1 c  Almonds, toasted and finely
           -chopped
 
  Preheat oven to 425ø. In large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients
  except pastry shell and brickle chips; mix well. Stir in 1/2 cup
  brickle chips. Pour into pastry shell. Top with remaining brickle
  chips. Bake 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350ø, bake 30
  minutes longer or until knife inserted near center comes out clean.
  Cool. Garnish as desired. Refrigerate leftovers.
  
  Typed by R. Thompson 12-96 From: Simply Delicious Desserts with Eagle
  Brand Sweetened Condensed Milk
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND RED SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Vegetables, Mexican
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Slivered Almonds; Toasted
      1 c  Onion; Finely Chopped
      1 ea Clove Garlic; Crushed
      2 tb Vegetable Oil
      8 oz Tomato Sauce; 1 cn
      2 ts Paprika
      1 ts Red Chiles; Ground
    1/4 ts Red Pepper; Ground
 
  Place almonds in food processor workbowl fitted with steel blade or in
  blender container; cover and process until finely ground. Cook onion
  and garlic in oil over medium heat, stirring frequently, until onion
  is tender. Stir in remaining ingredients except almonds. Heat to
  boiling; reduce heat. Simmer 1 minute stirring constantly; stir in
  almonds. Serve hot. Makes about 1 3/4 cups of sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND RICE
 Categories: Diabetic, Side dish, Nuts, Rice
      Yield: 6 Sweet ones
 
      1 c  Long-grain brown rice;
      2 c  Water
      1 ts Low-sodium bouillon granules
      2 tb Almonds; silvered
           -=OR=-
      2 tb Pine nuts;
      2 tb Grated lemon zest;
 
  In a medium-size saucepan, bring rice and water to a boil. Turn off
  heat and let rice stand in water, covered, 6 hours. When ready to
  cook, add bouillin granules and brine to a boil. Cook 10 minutes
  until water is absorbed and rice is tender.  Drain, if necesary. Add
  almonds and lemon zest.  Let stand a few minutes, then fluff with a
  fork and serve. Food Exchanges per serving: 1 STARCH/BREAD EXCHANGE;
  CAL: 96; CHO: 0mg; CAR: 19g; PRO: 2g; SOD: 123mg; FAT: 1g;
  
  Source: Light & Easy Diabetes Cuisine by Betty Marks Brought to you
  and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND RICE CASSEROLE
 Categories: Vegetarian, Main dish, Casseroles, Microwave
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  Rice, brown; cooked
      1 c  TVP granules or flakes
    7/8 c  ;water, hot
      1 tb Ketchup
      1 tb Peanut oil
      1 md Onion; chopped
    1/2 c  Almonds, roasted; sliced
      2 tb Miso, light
    1/2 ts Thyme
      1 ts Marjoram
    1/2 ts Salt
 
   Set the cooked rice aside.
  
   Combine the TVP with the hot water and ketchup. Mix.
   Set aside.
  
   Saute the onion in the peanut oil.
  
   Mix rice, TVP, cooked onions and almonds in a 2 quart casserole. Mix
  the remaining ingredients together and stir in.
  
   For oven baking, cover casserole with foil and bake at 350 deg for 30
  minutes. To microwave, cover tightly with plastic wrap and heat on
  high for 10 minutes.
  
   For a mushroom variation: instead of the almonds, add 1 cup sliced
  fresh shiitake mushrooms to the rice and other ingredients and bake
  as above.
  
   Per serving: 246 cal; 12 g prot; 32 g carb; 9 g fat
  
   The TVP Cookbook by Dorothy Bates/MM by DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND RICE MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Quick, Gluten-free
      Yield: 12 Muffins
 
      2 c  AM Brown Rice Flour
      1 tb Non-alum baking powder
      1 tb Arrowroot powder
    1/4 c  Honey
      1 ts Almond extract
  1 1/4 c  Water or soymilk
      2 tb AM Unrefined Vegetable Oil
    1/2 c  Ground almond
 
  Mix dry and liquid ingredients separately, then combine the two and
  mix thoroughly (this is a thin batter). Fill 12 paper muffin cups 2/3
  full and sprinkle tops with almond.  Bake at 350 F. for 25-30 minutes.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "Recipes for Special Dietary Needs" tri-fold
  Reprinted by permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format
  courtesy of: Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND RICE PILAF (DUPREE)
 Categories: Dupree, Rice
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        1 c  brown rice
      1/4 c  raisins or currants
        2 TB dehydrated chopped onion
        1 TB butter -- optional
        2    chicken stock cubes
        2 c  water (2 to 2-1/2 cups)
      1/3 c  slivered toasted almonds
  :          Salt and pepper
  
  Place the rice, raisins, onion, butter, stock cubes and water in a 2-
  to 3-quart saucepan. Bring to the boil, and stir once or twice.
  Reduce heat, cover, and simmer 45 to 50 minutes, or until rice is
  tender and liquid is absorbed. Remove from heat. Add almonds, season
  with salt and pepper, and fluff with a fork.
  
  Recipe By     : Nathalie Dupree Cooks, TVFN
  
  From: Path <phannema@wizard.Ucr.Edu>  Date: Wed, 9 Oct 1996 15:19:37
  ~0700 (P
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND RICE PILAF^
 Categories: Crs, Totest, Post, Lowfat
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Hot cooked rice
    1/4 c  Sliced green onion
      2 tb Sliced almonds, toasted
      1 ts Low sodium soy sauce
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Mix.
  
  Per 1 cup serving: 222 cal., 4.8g pro., 2.3g (9%) fat, 44.1g carb.,
  1.4g fiber, 0mg chol., 2.2mg iron, 185mg sodium, 47mg calcium.
  
  Cooking Light 9-95
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND RICOTTA CUSTARD
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Ricotta cheese
      1 c  Evaporated milk
      3    Eggs; beaten
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Almond extract
           Cinnamon or nutmeg
      1 ts Lemon juice
      1 ts Almonds; thin sliced
 
     Preheat oven to 350F. Press moisture out of ricotta cheese. Scald
  milk and pour over beaten eggs. Pour out the mixture into a blender
  or food processor and add the rest of the ingredients. Beat. Pour
  into shallow buttered dish. dust with cinnamon or nutmeg. Sprinkle
  thin sliced almonds on top. Set casserole dish inside larger pan
  partially filled with hot water. Cook 45 minutes at 350F. To test if
  done, insert knife near edge of dish. If knife comes out clean, the
  custard will be done when cool. Let cool before serving. Top with
  chocolate curls if desired. I won a microwave oven with this recipe
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND ROCA
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  (1 pound) butter
      2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Whole almonds
      1 lg Package chocolate chips
    1/2 c  Walnuts ground in a blender
 
  Melt butter over high heat.  Add sugar, stirring until it foams up
  well. Continue over high heat, adding almonds. Continue to cook,
  stirring continually until mixture is color of mahogany and sugar is
  all melted. (Take it off the heat for a moment if it starts to smoke.)
  
  Stir as you take it off the heat permanently and pour quickly onto
  your biggest flat pan with sides.  Tilt to spread evenly. After 5
  minutes, pour on chocolate chips. When they have melted a bit, spread
  them over the top of the hot mixture with a rubber scraper. Scatter
  ground walnuts over the top, shaking to distribute evenly.
  
  Candy is thoroughly cooled when the chocolate is dull looking. (Cool
  at least three hours at room temperature.) Break into pieces and it's
  ready to eat.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND ROCA COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ea Egg yolk
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Flour
     10 oz Chocolate chips
      1 c  Finely chopped nuts
 
       Cream butter and sugar, add egg yolk and vanilla. Stir in flour.
  Spread mixture thinly on greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350 degrees
  for 15 to 20 minutes. Melt chocolate over hot water and spread over
  warm baked cookies. Sprinkle on nuts and press them firmly. Cut in
  bars while still warm. Let stand until chocolate is dry.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND ROCCA
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Pecans, chopped (we use
           -chopped almonds on some
           -batches)
    3/4 c  Brown sugar (packed)
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine (butter
           -makes it richer)
    1/2 pk (6 oz size) semisweet
           -chocolate chips. (1/2 cup)
 
  Almond Rocca: This is not for Almond Roca, yet it is close enough and
  it is real easy. In fact my 14 year old daughter has been making it
  by herself at christmas for the past 4 years. Hope this will meet
  your needs. It comes from the Betty Crocker cookbook, so you may have
  it on hand already.
  
  Toffee: Butter square pan, 9x9x2 inches. Spread chopped nuts in pan.
  Heat sugar and butter to boiling, stirring constantly. Boil over
  medium heat, stirring constantly, 7 minutes (watch it real close the
  last minute or two).  Immediately spread mixture evenly over nuts in
  pan. Sprinkle chocolate pieces over hot mixture; place a baking sheet
  over pan so contained heat will melt chocolate. Spread melted
  chocolate over canndy. While hot, cut into 1 1/2 inch squares. chill
  until firm.
  
  Now for the changes we use.
  
  When we are going to be giving this as a gift, we melt another 1/2
  cup of chocolate in the microwave.  Use an 7x7x2 pan (or smaller than
  the 9x9x2). Spread the melted chocolate on top of the buttered pan
  that is covered with the nuts.  After the chocolate is spread on top,
  sprinkle more nuts on top, while chocolate is still warm. Then cut
  into small sizes. After the candy is set, remove from the pan and
  wrap individually with desert foil. I get mine at the bakery supply,
  or a craft shop.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND SHORTBREAD BISCUITS
 Categories: 
      Yield: 20 Biscuits
 
      4 oz Butter
      2 oz Margarine
      8 oz Brown sugar, soft
  3 1/4 c  Plain flour
    3/4 c  Almonds, flaked
      1 sm Egg
 
  Rub butter and margarine into the flour.  Add sugar, beaten egg and
  almonds. Knead the mixture thoroughly.
  
  Form mixture into an oblong shape about two inches square at the end.
  Wrap in silver foil and leave in the refrigerator over night.
  
  Cut into 1/8-inch-thick slices using a serrated knife. Place on
  greased baking sheet and cook for 10-15 minutes at 350 degrees F.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Shortbread-like biscuits -- This recipe was given to my Great Aunt
  when she lived in Scotland, by a friend who worked in a bakery in
  Leven Fife. It is based on the standard short bread recipe. Yield: 20
  biscuits.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy to moderate.
  : Time:  10 minutes preparation, overnight wait, 15 minutes baking.
  : Precision:  measure the ingredients.
  
  : Martin Prime
  : Rutherford Appleton Laboratory, Chilton, Didcot, Oxfordshire, UK
  : mcvax!ukc!rlvd!martin
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND SHORTBREAD BISCUITS(SCOTTISH)
 Categories: Cakes, Scottish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 oz Flour
      2 oz Cornflour
      5 oz Butter
      1 oz Ground almonds
      3 oz Caster sugar
 
  Set oven to 350F or Mark 4. Grease a baking sheet. Cream the butter
  in a mixing bowl. Sift together the flour and cornflour and add, with
  the almonds and sugar, to the butter. Work the ingredients together
  with the hands. Turn out on to a very lightly floured surface and
  finish kneading until the dough is smooth. Roll the dough into two
  rounds each 1/4 inch thick. Prick well with a fork and mark each
  circle into six triangles. Transfer to the baking sheet. Bake for
  about 25-30 minutes. Allow to cool slightly before cutting and then
  place on a wire rack to finish cooling.
  
  From the booklet Scottish Teatime Recipes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND SHORTBREAD COOKIES
 Categories: Dessert, Cookies
      Yield: 3 Dozen
 
      1 c  Flour, all-purpose
    1/2 c  Cornstarch
    1/2 c  Sugar, powdered
      1 c  Almonds, finely chopped
    3/4 c  Butter; softened
 
  Combine flour, cornstarch, and powdered sugar; stir in almonds. Add
  butter; blend with a wooden spoon until a soft dough forms.
  
  Shape dough into small balls.  Place on ungreased cookie sheet;
  flatten each ball with lightly floured fork. Bake at 300 degrees for
  20 to 25 minutes or until edges are only lightly browned. Cool before
  storing.
  
  SOURCE: Southern Living Magazine, May 1974.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND SHORTS
 Categories: Candies, Christmas, Holiday
      Yield: 168 Servings
 
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Sugar, brown
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Vinegar
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      3    Eggs
      1 lb Butter
      6 c  Flour
    2/3 c  Almonds, slivered
 
  Combine sugars, baking soda, vinegar, and vanilla. Stir in eggs. Cut
  butter into small pieces and work into mixture. Add flour, a cup at a
  time, and mix well. Knead in almonds. Gather dough into ball and
  divide into five equal pieces.  Roll each piece into a cylinder. If
  you wish, roll each cylinder in colored sugar. Wrap in wax paper and
  refrigerate overnight.
  
  Preheat oven to 350.  Cut each log into 1/4" slices. Bake on ungreased
  cookie sheet for 8 minutes. "This recipe is a tradition in my
  husband's Swedish family. It makes enough cookies to feed the Swedish
  Army."
  
  Recipe by Sandra Silfven, Detroin News food editor. Source: _Gifts
  from the Christmas Kitchen_, sent by BEE to Sylvia Steiger
  (THE.STEIGERS on GEnie, 71511,2253 on CI$) for the November 1992
  cookbook swap
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND SLICES (MONDEL SCHNITS)
 Categories: Penndutch, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 ea Egg
    1/2 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    3/4 c  Almond, sliced
      2 tb Water, ice
    1/2 ts Lemon extract
      1 x  *or:
    1/2 ea Lemon, juice of
      2 tb Sugar
 
  The almonds need not be blanched, just sliced fine. Sift flour and
  baking powder together, then set aside. Cream the eggs and sugar
  thoroughly. Add the extract and water and beat hard. Add the sliced
  nuts and flour, beating lightly until thoroughly mixed. Pour the
  batter into a greased pan, sprinkle sugar over the top and bake at
  350 f until brown. Allow the cake to cool in pan before cutting in
  slices. Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book - Fine Old Recipes,
  Culinary Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND SNAPS
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Margarine or butter
    1/3 c  Corn syrup
      1 c  Ground almonds
    1/2 c  Flour
      2 tb Water
 
  Line a cookie sheet with foil and grease it. Set aside. In a small
  saucepan combine brown sugar, margarine and corn syrup. Cook over
  medium heat until margarine is melted and mixture smooth. Remove from
  heat and stir in almonds, flour and water. Drop by rounded teaspoons
  onto cookie sheet. Bake only 3 or 4 at a time in a 350 F oven for 6
  to 8 minutes.Let stand on cookie sheet about 2 minutes. Immediately
  remove cookies one at a time and roll around a metal cone, cool on
  wire racks. Instead of using a metal cone for shaping you can use a
  greased wooden spoon handle or make a cone from pliable cardboard. If
  cookies become too hard before you get them shaped, return to oven
  for about 30 seconds.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    225 g  Sweet almonds, blanched
           -- (8 oz)
      3    Hard-boiled egg yolks
      1 l  Chicken stock (2 pints)
     50 g  "Beurre manie", made with
           --25 g butter and 25 g flour
           -- (2 oz)
  1 1/2 dl Cream (1/3 pint)
           Salt
           White pepper
 
  F.&R.Dahl: "This delicate soup, popular 100 years ago, is now
  unusual. On no account should it be liquidized at any stage, as that
  ruins the texture"
  
  Mince the almonds and, using a pestle and mortar, reduce to a paste
  with the egg yolks and a little stock, to stop them oiling.
  
  Bring the stock up to simmering point in a saucepan and whisk in the
  beurre manie. When that has dissolved, whisk in the almond paste.
  
  Cook gently for 30 minutes.
  
  Strain through a sieve, add the cream, season with salt and pepper,
  heat gently and serve.
  
  From: Felicity & Roald Dahl, Memories with food at Gipsy House,
  Penguin, 1991, ISBN 0-670-83462-9
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND SPICE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 c  All-purpose flour
      3 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Ginger
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Butter
      2 ts Instant coffee powder
    1/2 ts Almond extract
      1 c  Granulated sugar
      1 c  Dark brown sugar,*
      3 lg (extra) or jumbo eggs
     10 oz Slivered blanched almonds**
 
  * firmly packed ** (2 1/2 - 3 cups)
  
   These cookies go well with after dinner coffee or tea.
  
   In a bowl, sift together the flour, cinnamon, ginger, salt and
  baking soda and set aside.
  
   In a large bowl, cream the butter. Add the coffee, almond extract,
  granulated and brown sugars and beat well. Add the eggs one at a time
  until smooth after each addition. On low speed gradually add the
  sifted dry ingredients, scraping the bowl with a rubber spatula and
  beating only until the mixture is smooth. Gently mix in the almonds.
  
   Spread out two pieces of wax paper. place large spoonfuls of the
  dough lengthwise on each piece of paper to form heavy strips about
  10-11 inches long. Fold the long sides of the paper p against the
  dough and, pressing against the paper with your hands, shape each
  strip of dough into a smooth oblong 12 inches long, 3 inches wide,
  and about 1 inch thick. Wrap the dough in the wax paper.
  
   Slide a cookie sheet under both packages of dough and transfer them
  to the freezer or refrigerator for several hours or overnight. This
  slices best when dough is frozen solid.
  
   Preheat oven to 375ø. Unwrap one roll of dough at a time. Place
  dough on a cutting board. With a very sharp knife cut the dough into
  1/4-inch slices and place them 1 to 1 1/2 inches apart on an
  ungreased cookie sheet.
  
   Bake the cookies for about 10-12 minutes at 375ø. The cookies are
  done when they are slightly colored and spring back when lightly
  pressed with a fingertip.
  
  Yield: 4 dozen. Larry Rosenberg, author of Muffins & Cupcakes
  (published by The American Cooking Guild), Fairview, NJ.
  
     Randy Shearer
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND SPLINTERS
 Categories: Candies, Gift
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
      9 oz Milk chocolate, broken into
           Pieces
      6 oz Slivered almonds, toasted
 
  Melt chocolate in top of a double saucepan over simmering water. Stir
  until smooth or microwave on HIGH for 2 minutes. Combine almonds and
  chocolate, drop teaspoonfuls of mixture onto foil-covered trays.
  Allow to set in a cool place; store in airtight container in cool
  place.
  
  Makes about 25.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND STREUSEL BUNDT CAKE & COFFEE GLAZE *
 Categories: Bundt, Nuts
      Yield: 8 Slices
 
MMMMM-------------------------BILLS20086------------------------------

MMMMM--------------------------STREUSEL-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Brown sugar; packed
    1/2 c  Almonds; chop, toasted
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/3 c  Old fashioned oats
  1 1/2 ts Instant coffee powder -=OR=-
           - expresso powder
    1/4 c  Butter; chilled, cut pieces

MMMMM----------------------------CAKE---------------------------------
      3 c  Cake flour; sifted
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 c  Whole almonds; toasted
    3/4 c  Unsalted butter; room temp
    1/2 c  Almond paste
  1 2/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Almond extract
      1 c  Milk
      6 lg Egg whites; room temp

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
      1 c  Powdered sugar
    1/4 c  Whipping cream
      1 ts Instant coffee powder
    1/3 c  Almonds; sliced, toasted
 
  STREUSEL: Mix all but butter in a small bowl. Add butter and rub in
  with fingertips until well blended. Set aside.
  
  CAKE: Preheat oven to 350~. Butter and flour a 12-cup Bundt pan. Mix
  flour and baking powder in a small bowl. Finely grind almonds in
  processor. Using electric mixer, beat butter and almond paste in a
  large bowl until blended. Gradually beat in 1-1/3 cups sugar.
  Continue beating until fluffy. Beat in extract. Stir in dry
  ingredients alternately with milk. Mix in ground almonds. Using
  electric mixer fitted with clean dry beaters, beat egg whites in
  another large bowl to medium peaks. Gradually add remaining 1/3 cup
  sugar and beat until stiff but not dry. Fold meringue into batter in
  2 additions. Transfer half the batter to prepared Bundt pan. Sprinkle
  streusel over. Spoon remaining batter over. Bake cake until tested
  done, about 1 hour. Cool in cake pan on rack for 20 minutes. Turn
  cake out onto rack and cool completely. (Cake can be made 1 day
  ahead; cover and let stand at room temperature.)
  
  GLAZE: Stir powdered sugar, whipping cream and instant coffee powder
  in a small bowl until well blended. Drizzle glaze over cake, allowing
  to run down sides. Sprinkle cake with sliced almonds. ===============
  Reply 25 of Note    1 =================
  
  Board:      FOOD BB Topic: FOOD SOFTWARE Subject: Z MM- NEW FORMATS
  
  To:     VDRJ67A    PATTI ANDERSON        Date:
    03/07 From: VDRJ67A PATTI ANDERSON        Time:
     5:10 PM
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND STUFFED DATES WITH BACON
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 pk (4-oz) blanched whole
           -almonds
      1 lb Pitted dates
  1 1/2 lb Lean thinly sliced bacon cut
           -into thirds
 
  Put an almond in each date. Wrap a piece of bacon around each stuffed
  date and secure with a toothpick. Line cookie sheet with aluminum
  foil. Place dates on foil and bake in preheated 400 degree oven for
  12-15 minutes or until bacon is crisp. Remove to rack or paper towel;
  drain. Serve warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND SYRUP
 Categories: Beverages, Jams, Jewish
      Yield: 1 Bottle
 
  4 1/2 c  -Water
     20 oz Almonds, ground
      6 c  Sugar; up to 7 cups
      3 tb Bitter almond extract
      2    Oranges; juice of

MMMMM------------------ALMOND COOLER, 1 SERVING-----------------------
      2 tb Almond syrup
      2 tb Yogurt
      6 oz -Cold water; 3/4 c
 
  To serve, put a few tablespoons in a glass and add cold or sparkling
  water and ice.
  
  Bring water to a boil; add almonds and return to a boil. Remove from
  heat and allow to cool thoroughly. Squeeze the ground almonds in
  several layers of rinsed cheesecloth. Pour almond extract into a
  saucepan; add sugar, bitter almond extract, and orange juice. Stir
  well and bring to a boil; cook to a thick syrup consistency. Let cool
  completely. If syrup if not thick enough, boil again for 5 minutes.
  Pour into sterile bottles, seal and refrigerate. Can be used
  immediately Serve with ice water or with club soda.
  
  FOR 1 SERVING ALMOND COOLER: Combine a2 tb almond syrup, 2 tb yogurt
  and 6 oz (3/4 cup) cold water.
  
  MAKES: 1 QUART SOURCE: _From My Grandmother's Kitchen: A Sephardic
  Cookbook_ by Viviane Bicheck Miner
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND TABBOULEH
 Categories: Ethnic, Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           -Pam Coombes RNCM95A
    2/3 c  Chopped natural almonds
      1 c  Bulgur(cracked wheat)
      1 c  Quartered cherry tomatoes
           OR a 1/2 c raisins
    2/3 c  Sliced green onions
    1/2 c  Lightly packed chopped
           Parsley
      2 tb Chopped fresh mint
    1/3 c  Lime or lemon juice
    1/4 c  Almond or other polyunsaturd
           Oil
    1/4 ts Pepper
 
  Spread almonds in a shallow pan. Toast in a moderate oven (350F) 10
  minutes, or until lightly browned, stirring once or twice while
  toasting; cool. Place bulgur in large bowl. Pour boiling water over
  to just cover. Let stand until water is absorbed. Add cherry tomatoes
  or raisins, green onions,parsley, mint, lime or lemon juice, oil and
  pepper. Toss until mixed. Cover and chill. I thought this was a
  really nice twist, but then I love almonds. Have a great day, great
  lady!! Hugs, Pam
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND TART WITH LEMON CURD
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------ALMOND SHELL-----------------------------
    1/4 c  Finely chopped almonds
  1 1/4 c  Flour; sifted
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ds Salt
    1/2 c  Butter; cut into 1/2" cubes
      1    Egg
      1 ts Vanilla

MMMMM-------------------------LEMON CURD------------------------------
     10    Egg yolks
    3/4 c  Sugar (or more)
    3/4 c  Lemon juice
    1/2 c  Butter
           Sweetened whipped cream
           Fresh fruit
 
  Mix almonds, flour, 1/2 cup sugar and salt in bowl. Rub butter
  pieces, bit by bit, into flour. Stir in egg and vanilla to form ball.
  Chill. Roll out onto 12-inch tart pan with removable bottom. Weight
  down with beans placed on waxed paper. Bake at 350F until golden,
  about 20 minutes. Cool.
  
  To make filling, mix egg yolks, 3/4 to 1 cup sugar and lemon juice in
  top of double boiler. Cook, stirring constantly over simmering water,
  until mixture coats back of metal spoon. Do not allow to boil. Remove
  from heat and whisk in 1/2 cup butter, bit by bit, until melted and
  smooth.
  
  Pour lemon curd into cooled tart shell. Chill until set. Remove sides
  of pan. Garnish with whipped cream and fruit. Makes 1 (12-inch) tart
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND TASTY
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages
      Yield: 1 Pint
 
      1 c  Unsalted almonds, chopped
      1 ts Chocolate extract
      1    Vanilla bean (1 inch)
    1/2    Orange peel, scraped
      2 c  Vodka
      1 sm Lemon wedge, scraped peel
 
  Lightly pound almonds with hammer (in bag or cover with paper towel)
  and combine with other ingredients in bottle. Be sure to thoroughly
  scrape orange and lemon peels. Let steep for two weeks, turning bottle
  occasionally. The chocolate extract tends to settle on the bottom and
  the finished liqueur may need to be mixed before serving. Strain and
  filter. Experiment with different variations of this recipe, perhaps
  alternating hazelnuts or adding some spices. Yield: 1 pint Container:
  Wide mouth quart jar
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND TEA COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Crisco, Almonds
      Yield: 36 Cookies
 
      1 c  Butter Flavor Crisco
      2 tb Milk
      1 ts Almond Extract
    1/2 c  Sugar, Granulated
  1 2/3 c  Flour, All Purpose
    2/3 c  Almonds, slivered, chopped
    1/4 ts Salt
           Confectioners Sugar
 
  Preparation Time: 15 Minutes           Bake Time: 10 to 12 Minutes
  
  1. Heat oven to 350 F.
  
  2. Cream Butter Flavor Crisco, milk and almond extract in large bowl
  at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended. Beat in
  granulated sugar.
  
  3. Combine flour, almonds and salt. Mix into creamed mixture. Shape
  dough into balls using one level measuring tablespoon for each. Place
  2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet.
  
  4. Bake at 350 for 10 to 12 minutes. ( Cookies will not brown. DO NOT
  overbake. ) Remove to cooling rack.
  
  5. Roll slightly warm cookies in confectioners sugar. Roll in
  confectioners sugar again when cookies are completely cool.
  
  Makes 3 dozen cookies.
  
  Source: Butter Flavor Crisco Cookie Collection, page 9. Shared by:
  David Knight
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND TEA JELLY
 Categories: Chinese, Desserts, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 oz (1/2 cup) ground almonds
      2 tb (2 1/2 T) ground rice
    1/2 pt (1 1/4 cup) milk
      2 tb (2 1/2 T) sugar
      1 ts Gelatin
 
  Here are a couple of recipes for almond pudding. There are lots of
  variations of this dish some using dairy products, some using gelatin
  and some using agar agar and some combining them. It IS good! This
  first one is more "from scratch".  The second uses almond extract.
  
  Mix the almonds and rice in a bowl with 2 pints (5 cups) cold water,
  cover and leave for 2 hours.  Strain through a fine muslin into a
  large bowl. Add milk and mix well.
  
  Stand the bowl in a large saucepan with enough boiling water to come
  halfway up the sides of the bowl.  Cover and simmer for 2 hours,
  stirring occasionally.
  
  Add the sugar, stir well and leave to cool slightly. Mix the gelatin
  with 2 tablespoons (2 1/2 T) hot water until dissolved. Stir into the
  milk mixture when almost cold. Mix well and pour into a shallow
  serving dish. Leave until set.
  
  The Gourmet's Guide to Chinese Cooking, Ann Body. 1974, Octopus Books
  Limited, 59 Grosvenor Street, London W1. ISBN 7064 0153 0. Produced by
  Mandarin Publications Limited, 22 Westlands Road, Quarry Bay, Hong
  Kong.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; May 19 1992.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND TUNA & RICE
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 cn VEG-ALL Mixed Vegetables
           -(16 oz)
      1 c  Mayonnaise
      1 cn Tuna (12.5 oz)
      2 c  Cooked rice
    1/2 c  Chopped green pepper
      2 ts Dill weed
      1 c  Fresh bread crumbs
    1/2 c  Slivered almonds
 
  1. Drain VEG-ALL; combine liquid with mayonnaise, blending until
  smooth.
  
  2. Stir in tuna, rice, green pepper, dill and vegetables.
  
  3. Spoon into greased 2-quart casserole dish.
  
  4. In small skillet, melt butter; stir in bread crumbs and almonds,
  coat well and spoon over mixture in casserole.
  
  5. Bake at 375'F. for 30 minutes or until bubbly and lightly browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-COCONUT COOKIES
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
    2 1/4 c  all-purpose flour
      1/2 ts baking soda
      1/4 ts salt
      3/4 c  light brown sugar
      1/2 c  white sugar
      3/4 c  salted butter
        2 lg eggs
        2 ts pure vanilla extract
      1/2 c  sweetened shredded coconut
        1 c  chopped raw almonds, --
  :          unsalted
        1 c  chopped dates
      1/4 c  sweetened shredded coconut
  :          for topping
  
  Preheat oven to 300 degrees. In medium bowl mix together flour, soda
  and salt with a wire whisk and set aside. In a medium bowl, combine
  brown sugar and white sugar with electric mixer at medium speed. Add
  and mix butter until it forms a grainy paste. Add eggs and vanilla
  and beat until smooth. Add flour mixture, coconut, almonds and dates.
  Blend on low speed until just combined. Do not overmix. Drop by
  rounded tablespoons onto ungreased baking sheets, 2 inches apart.
  Sprinkle tops lightly with reserved coconut. Bake 25 minutes or until
  bottoms turn golden brown. With a spatula, transfer to cool, flat
  surface.
  
  Recipe By     :THE DESSERT SHOW SHOW #DS3005
  
                                        Date: Mon, 28 Oct 1996 08:33:02
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-COFFEE WALNUTS
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Almond paste, room
           -temperature
      2 tb Coffee liqueur
      1 ts Instant coffee powder (not
           -granules)
     72    Walnut halves
      8 oz Semisweet chocolate, melted
 
  1.   Mix the almond paste, coffee liqueur and coffee powder until
  smooth.
  
  2.   Spread 1/2 tsp of the mixture on the flat side of a walnut half
  and top with another walnut half, forming a sandwich. Rep,eat with the
  remaining almond paste and walnuts.
  
  3.   Line a large baking sheet with wax paper.  Dip one end of the
  walnut in the melted chocolate and set on the baking sheet. Repeats
  with the remaining filled walnuts walnuts and chocolate. Refrigerate
  until the chocolate is set, about 30 minutes.  Cover with plastic
  wrap and store in refrigeration.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-ORANGE BISCOTTI
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  2 1/4 c  Flour
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
      1 pn Salt
      3    Eggs, lightly beaten
      1 tb Oil
    1/4 ts Almond extract
           Finely grated zest of 1
           -orange
    1/2 c  Chopped almonds
      2 ts Baking powder
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F. Grease and flour cookie sheet. In a large
  bowl, sift the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Make a well in
  the center of the mixture; add the remaining ingredients and mix
  well. Divide the dough in half.  Shape each half into flat-bottomed
  cylinders (1-inch high x 2 1/2-inches wide x 8-inches long). Bake
  30-35 minutes or until brown on top. Remove from oven and cool
  slightly. Cut into 3/4-inch slices. Return to oven with cut side down
  for 15 minutes or until slices are brown. Remove from oven and cool
  on racks.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-PEACH CRUMBLE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      3 c  Sliced peaches
      2 c  AM Oat Bran
    1/2 c  AM Oat Flakes
    1/2 c  AM Whole Wheat Pastry Flour
    1/4 c  Slivered almonds
    1/2 c  Honey or maple syrup
    1/2 c  AM Sesame Tahini
      1 ts Almond extract
 
  Place peaches in a square casserole dish.  Combine next four
  ingredients. Mix sweetener, tahini, and almond extract together, then
  work both mixtures together until crumbly.  Spread evenly over
  peaches, and bake at 375 F. for 35 minutes or until golden.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "Oat Bran Recipes" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-PEAR COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Breakfast, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Unsifted flour
    1/2 c  Finely chopped almonds
    1/4 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/3 c  Mayonnaise
    1/4 ts Almond extract
      1 ea 17oz Pound Cake Mix
    1/3 c  Milk
      2 lg Eggs
      2 lb Pears; cored - peeled and
           -thinly sliced
 
  Grease 13x9x2 inch baking pan. In medium bowl stir together first 4
  ingredients. Stir in mayonnaise and extract until mixture resembles
  coarse crumbs; set aside. In large bowl with mixer at low speed beat
  cake mix, milk and eggs just until blended. Increase speed to medium;
  beat 2 minutes. Spread in prepared pan. Arrange pears in one layer on
  top of batter; sprinkle with mayonnaise mixture. Bake in 325 degree
  oven 50 to 60 minutes or until cake tester inserted in center comes
  out clean. Cool slightly in pan. Serve warm.
  
  Great with sliced peaches too.
  
  From 'That Amazing Ingredient: Mayonnaise!' Cookbook Best Foods /
  Hellmans Mayonnaise (1979)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-POPPY CAKE
 Categories: 
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour
      2 c  White sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 c  Salted butter --  softened
    1/2 c  Sour cream
      2 lg Eggs
    1/3 c  Amaretto or almond liqueur
    1/3 c  Poppy seeds
           Topping:
    1/4 c  Confectioners' sugar
 
  Preheat oven to 350. Grease and flour 2 loaf pans. In a large bowl,
  with an electric mixer, blend flour, sugar, salt and baking powder on
  low until all ingredients are well mixed. Add butter, sour cream, and
  3 eggs. Mix on medium until dry ingredients are moistened and beat on
  high 2 minutes then scrape bowl. Add remaining 3 eggs, one at a time,
  alternating with amaretto. Beat well after each addition. Blend in
  poppy seeds on low speed. Pour batter into prepared pan and bake
  50-60 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.
  Cool in pan 10 minutes and invert cake onto a rack to cool. When cake
  has cooled completely, lightly dust top with confectioners' sugar.
  
  Recipe By     : DESSERT SHOW#DS3040
  
                                        Date: 09/26/96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-POPPY MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1    Egg
    3/4 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Oil
      1 c  Milk
      2 c  Flour
      1 tb Baking powder
    3/4 c  Chopped almonds
    1/3 c  Poppy seeds
 
  PREHEAT OVEN TO 400F. Beat egg, salt and sugar until light and
  fluffy. Add oil in a stream and continue beating. Beat in milk. Sift
  flour and baking powder together several times and add to batter,
  stirring until just mixed. Add nuts and poppy seeds. Bake in greased
  muffin tins for 20-25 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-PUMKIN MUFFINS WITH STRUESEL TOPPING
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Margarine (reduced calorie)
      1 c  Brown sugar
    1/3 c  Light molasses
      2    Egg whites
      1 c  Pumpkin
      1 c  Oat bran
      1 c  Flour
      1 tb Pumkin pie spice
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt (optional)
    1/2 c  Whole almonds (chopped)

MMMMM---------------------STRUESSEL TOPPING--------------------------
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      2 tb Flour
      1 tb Margarine
 
  Preheat oven to 350 and spray muffin cups with cooking spray. Cream
  together magarine, sugar, and molasses. Add egg whites and pumkin.
  Add dry ingredients and stir until moistened. Add almonds. Fill
  muffin cups 3/4 full. Combine struessel topping ingredients, cutting
  in margarine until mixture is crumbly. Sprinkle struessel topping
  over muffin batter. Bake for 35-40 minutes until wooden pick comes
  out clean.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-RAISIN BISCOTTI
 Categories: New text im, Biscotti, Cooking rig
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        3 lg Eggs Separated
    1 1/2 c  Sugar
      1/3 c  (5 1/3 Tablespoons) Butter
  :          melted and cooled
        1 c  Lightly Toasted And Coarsely
  :          Chopped Almon
      1/2 c  Raisins -- * see note
        2 TB Chopped Candied Orange Peel
  :          <<Or>>
        3 TB Orange Zest -- grated
    3 1/2 c  Unbleached All-Purpose
  :          Flour
    1 1/2 ts Baking Powder
  
  Preheat the oven to 325=B0F. Butter a baking sheet or line it with
  parchment. In a large bowl, beat the egg yolks with 3/4 cup of the
  sugar until light and the sugar is dissolved. Stir in the melted
  butter, almonds, raisins and orange peel. In a separate bowl, beat
  the egg whites until they just begin to form peaks and gradually beat
  in the remaining 3/4 cup sugar until the whites form stiff peaks.
  
  Sift the flour and baking powder together. Fold in 1/3 of the flour
  into the yolks; then fold 1/3 of the egg whites in. Repeat,
  alternating, until well combined. The dough will be firm and slightly
  sticky. If the dough is too soft, add more flour. With floured hands,
  divide the dough into two logs approximately 1 1/2 inches wide.
  Arrange the logs on the prepared baking sheet and bake for 20 to 25
  minutes or until they are lightly brown and firm to the touch. Remove
  from the oven and set the baking sheet on a rack for 10 minutes. On a
  cutting board, cut the logs on a diagonal into slices 1/2 inch wide.
  Return the slices to the baking sheet and bake for 5 to 7 minutes on
  each side or until the biscotti are very lightly browned and crisp.
  Cool on racks and store in airtight containers.
  
  Yield: About 36 biscotti
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  NOTES : *Plump raisins in 2/3 C fruity white wine such as Reisling or
  Geworztraminer.  Drain.
  
  Recipe By     : COOKING RIGHT SHOW #CR9649
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-RAISIN-FUDGE SAUCE
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Unsalted butter
      2 oz Unsweetened chocolate
    1/4 c  Unsweetened cocoa powder
    3/4 c  Sugar
    2/3 c  Whipping cream
        pn Salt
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 c  Raisins -- coarsely chopped
    1/4 c  Chopped or slivered almonds
           Toasted
 
  In a heavy small saucepan, melt butter and chocolate over low heat.
  Stir in cocoa, sugar, cream, and salt. Bring slowly to a boil. Remove
  from heat and add vanilla, raisins, and almonds. Serve warm or at
  room temperature.
  
  Makes about 1-1/2 cups.
  
  Recipe By     : the California Culinary Academy
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-RASPBERRY THUMBPRINT COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter or margarine,
           -softened
      1 c  Sugar
      1 cn SOLO Almond Filling
      2    Egg yolks
      1 ts Almond extract
  2 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 cn SOLO Raspberry Filling
 
  Beat butter and sugar in medium bowl with electric mixer until light
  and fluffy. Add almond filling, egg yolks and almond extract; beat
  until blended. Stir in flour, baking powder and salt with wooden
  spoon to make soft dough. Cover; refrigerate at least 3 hours or
  overnight.
  
  Preheat oven to 350'F. Shape dough into 1" balls. Place on ungreased
  baking sheets, about 1 1/2" apart. Press thumb into center of each
  ball to make indentation. Spoon 1/2 teaspoon raspberry filling into
  each indentation. Bake 11-13 minutes or until edges of cookies are
  golden brown. Cool on baking sheets 1 minute. Remove from baking
  sheets; cool completely on wire racks.
  
  Makes about 5 dozen cookies
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-SAUSAGE STUFFING
 Categories: Poultry, Main dish
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 lb Pork sausage
      8 c  Dry bread cubes
      2 c  Thinly sliced celery
      1 c  Chopped onions
      8 oz Canned sliced mushrooms
      1 c  Slivered almonds, roasted
      1 ts Poultry seasoning
    1/2 c  Liquid from canned mushrooms
      1    Egg; slightly beaten
 
  To roast the almonds, place in oiled pan on stove & stir frequently
  until golden. Brown sausage in fry pan, breaking it apart as it
  cooks. Add the sausage, drained, but reserve the drippings in the
  skillet, to the bread cubes. Add the celery, onions, & mushrooms to
  the drippings in the skillet & cook until tender-crisp. Stir into
  sausage mixture, along with the almonds & poultry seasoning. Heat
  mushroom liquid ~ pour over dressing. Add egg, & toss until mixed
  thoroughly. This makes enough for a 20 lb. bird.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-SNOW FRUIT BOATS *
 Categories: Fruits, Ice cream
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------
      4    Apple; unpeeled, thin sliced
      3    Banana; peeled, thin sliced
      3    Pear; unpeeled, thin sliced
      2    Pineapple; fresh (with tops)
      2    Strawberry; halved, -tops
  1 1/2 lb Grape; halved, seeded
      1 pt Kumquat
  1 1/2 c  Whipping cream
  1 1/2 c  Powdered sugar; sifted
      4 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Almond extract
      2 qt Ice; finely crushed
    3/4 c  Almonds; toasted & slivered
    3/4 c  Fresh orange juice
    1/4 c  Kirsch
 
  Sprinkle bananas, apples and pears with fresh lemon juice. Cut
  pineapples in half. Using curved serrated knife, hollow out pineapple
  halves, leaving 1/2" shell (reserve shells and all juice). Discard
  core. Cut pineapple into 1/4" cubes. Transfer to large bowl. Add
  sliced fruit* and toss lightly. Cover and refrigerate up to 2 hours.
   For ice cream: Blend cream, powdered sugar and extracts in large
  bowl. Gradually fold in ice (or fresh clean snow) until mixture is
  consistency of ice cream. Fold in nuts. Add reserved pineapple juice
  to fruit. Blend in orange juice and kirsch. Spoon fruit into
  pineapple shells. Top with ice cream. Serve immediately.
   *Can substitute any fresh seasonal fruit and combination of purple
  and green grapes and red and green apples.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-STREUSEL PEACH PIE
 Categories: Pies, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           -Jo Ferry cmsj69b
      2 c  Flour
    3/4 ts Salt
     10 tb Butter; chilled
      2 tb Shortening; chilled
      1 c  Brown sugar
    3/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 c  Almonds; sliced
      1    Lemon
      9    Peaches; about 3 pounds
      3 tb Cornstarch
    1/4 ts Almond extract
      2 tb Dry bread crumbs
 
    Combine 1 cup flour and 1/2 ts. salt. Cut in 4 tb. of butter and the
  shortening until mixture resembles coarse meal with a few pea-sized
  pieces remaining. Sprinkle in 3 to 4 tb ice water, a tablespoon at a
  time, until dough just comes together. Gather into a disk. Wrap and
  chill at least 30 minutes. Combine remaining cup of flour, 1/3 cup
  brown sugar, 1/4 ts. salt, and 1/4 ts. nutmeg. Cut in remaining 6 tb.
  of butter until crumbly. Stir in almonds. Chill. On a lightly floured
  work surface, roll out chilled pie pastry to fit a 9" pie pan. Fit
  pastry into pan. Trim and flute edges. Chill. Heat oven to 475. Grate
  1 ts. of lemon zest from the lemon and squeeze 1 tb. of juice. Peel
  peaches and slice. Combine with remaining 2/3 cup brown sugar,
  remaining 1/2 ts nutmeg, lemon zest and juice, cornstarch and almond
  extract. Sprinkle bread crumbs over bottom of pie shell and fill with
  peach mixture. Sprinkle almond crumb mixture on top. Bake 15 minutes.
  Reduce temperature to 350. Continue baking until top is browned and
  fruit juices are bubbling, 50 to 55 minutes. Cool completely before
  cutting.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND-TOPPED PEAR PIE
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Pies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 tb Cornstarch
    1/4 ts Ginger; Ground
    1/8 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Dark Corn Syrup; Karo
      2 tb Butter Or Regular Margarine
      1 ts Lemon Juice
    1/2 ts Lemon Rind; Grated
      1 ea Unbaked 9-inch Pie Shell
      4 ea Pears; Medium, *

MMMMM-----------------------ALMOND TOPPING----------------------------
      1 c  Unbleached Flour
    1/2 c  Brown Sugar; Firmly Packed
    1/4 ts Ginger; Ground
    1/2 c  Butter Or Regular Margarine
    1/2 c  Almonds; Coarsely Chopped
 
  *    The pears should be pared and thinly sliced. There should be
  about 4
      1/2    cup total.
  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++++++ Combine the cornstarch, ginger and salt in a large
  bowl. Add the corn syrup, melted butter, lemon juice and lemon rind,
  stirring until smooth. Add the pears and toss until well coated with
  the corn syrup mixture. Arrange the mixture into the unbaked pie
  shell. Prepare the Almond Topping and sprinkle over the pears. Bake
  in a preheated 400 degree F. oven for 15 minutes, then reduce the
  heat to 350 degrees F. and bake an additional 30 minutes or until the
  topping and crust are golden brown. Cool on a wire rack. ALMOND
  TOPPING: Combine the flour, brown sugar, and ginger in a bowl. Cut in
  the butter, using a pastry blender, until crumbly. Stir in the
  almonds.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMONDNOG
 Categories: Beverages, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Almond milk
           - (See SOYNOG recipe)
      2    Bananas (not over-ripe)
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
           -- more if desired
    1/2 ts Vanilla extract
 
  Blend the above until smooth, then sprinkle a little nutmeg on top.
  Serve immediately as banana changes flavour when it sits after
  blending, so don't try to keep in the refrigerator.
  
  This comes from Maryln Diamond's book. posted by Ted Wayn Altar in
  REC.FOOD.VEG
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMONDS
 Categories: Snacks
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -almonds
           -sugar
 
  Cook almonds and sugar over low heat, stirring constantly, until
  sugar is melted and almonds are coated Cool and break apart. Cover
  and store at room temperature up to 24 hours.
  
  From the files of Al Rice, North Pole Alaska.    Feb 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMONDS  MADELEINES
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2    Eggs -- separated
    2/3 c  Sugar
      3 oz Sweet butter
      2 tb Toasted almond oil
      1 c  Sifted all-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 c  Ground toasted almonds
 
  Soften butter; do not let it melt.  Combine with toasted oil. Butter
  and flour Madeleine molds. Combine yolks and sugar, then stir in
  butter mixture. Mix baking powder and flour together and stir into
  mixture. Beat egg whites stiff and fold in. Add ground almonds. Place
  a decent spoonful of dough in each mold, approximately half full.
  Bake at 400 degrees for 10-15 minutes until golden.  Yields:  20
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND\POPPYSEED CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Bundt
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter, softened
      1 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs
      6 oz Poppyseed filling
     12 oz Almond filling
  2 1/4 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Milk

MMMMM------------------------ALMOND GLAZE-----------------------------
      1 c  Confectioner's sugar
      2 tb Light cream
    1/4 ts Almond extract
 
   Preheat oven to 350F. Grease and lightly flour a 10 inch tube or
  bundt pan. Cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy.
  Add eggs, one at a time, mixing thoroughly after each addition. Beat
  in almond filling, and poppyseed filling. Sift together flour, baking
  powder and salt. Add to creamed mixture alternately with the milk,
  beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Blend thoroughly. Turn
  batter into prepared pan. Bake 50 minutes, or until a cake tester
  inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool about 10 minutes.
  Remove from pan and cool thoroughly. Glaze: Combine all ingredients
  and stir until well blended and smooth. Drizzle over top of cake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOND~ BACON~ CHEESE SPREAD
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  ROASTED ALMONDS
      2 x  STRIP CRISP FRIED BACON
      1 c  GRATED AMERICAN CHEESE
      1 tb CHOPPED GREEN ONION
    1/2 c  MAYONNAISE
    1/4 ts SALT
 
  CHOP ALMONDS VERY FINE. CRUMBLE BACON TO FINE TEXTURE. MIX ALL
  INGREDIENTS UNTIL WELL BLENDED. PLACE IN SMALL SERVING DISH.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMONNAISE
 Categories: Vegetarian, Try it
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Almonds, blanched
    1/4 c  Soy milk
      1 ts Nutritional yeast
    1/4 ts Garlic powder
    1/4 ts Seasoned salt
    1/4 c  Soy milk
  1 1/4 c  Oil, sunflower
      3 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 ts Cider vinegar
 
   Water can be substituted for soy milk.
   Process almonds to fine powder in blender or food processor. Add soy
  milk, yeast, garlic powder, and salt. Blend well, then add remaining
  soy milk to form smooth cream.
   With blender running on low, remove insert in top and drizzle in oil
  in thin stream until mixture is thick. Keep blender running and add
  lemon juice and vinegar. Blend on low for 1 minute longer, to allow
  mixture to thicken to desired consistency.
   Refrigerate tightly sealed; this will keep 10-14 days in
  refrigerator.
   Yields 1-1/2 to 2 cups Note: Do not be discouraged if, on occasion,
  your Almonnaise does not thicken to your expectations. Homemade
  mayonnaise products are among the most sensitive to prepare, and
  sometimes they just don't respond.  This recipe has been made
  successfully by many people, but once in a while it fails even for me
  [the author of The American Vegetarian Cookbook].  For every failure,
  however, I've had hundreds of successes that make it worth the small
  risk.
   -from The American Vegetarian Cookbook Posted by J.PRINCE13 [Dale]
  MM by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253, GT Cookbook
  echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST AS GOOD AS SEX CAKE *
 Categories: Fruits, Nuts, Cakes
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      1 pk Yellow cake mix
      1 cn Sweetened condensed milk
     10 oz Frozen strawberry halves;
           - in syrup, thawed
     19 oz Strawberry ice cream topping
      8 oz Whipped topping
    3/4 c  Cocktail salted peanuts
 
  Prepare cake mix according to package instructions. Bake in 9x13" pan
  and cool. Poke holes in cake with the handle of a wooden spoon. Pour
  condensed milk evenly over cake and into holes. Combine thawed
  strawberries and ice cream topping syrup and mix well. Spoon evenly
  over cake and into holes. Spread whipped topping over the top. Chop
  peanuts and sprinkle on top of whipped topping. Chill before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST COCO'S SOUR CREAM DRESSING
 Categories: Copy cat, Restaurant, Salad dress, Copycat
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Milk
      1 c  Buttermilk
  2 1/4 c  Mayonnaise
    1/4 c  Cider vinegar
    1/2 c  Parmesan cheese -- grated
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 tb Garlic salt
  1 1/2 c  Sour cream
 
  In a mixing bowl, combine milk, buttermilk, mayonnaise, vinegar,
  Parmesan cheese, pepper, and garlic salt. Mix well with wire whisk.
  Fold in sour cream, leaving lumps intact. Refrigerate in a tightly
  closed container. Makes 6 cups.
  
  Recipe By     : Cook and Tell 25 Jul 96- PE
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST FAT-FREE CHOCOLATE CUPCAKES
 Categories: Chocolate, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Cupcakes
 
  1 1/3 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Unsweetened cocoa powder
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
      2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Packed dark brown sugar
    1/4 c  Cinnamon applesauce
      1    Egg
      1    Egg white
      1 tb Oil
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    2/3 c  Skim milk
           Powdered sugar, optional
 
  Preheat oven to 350F. Line 12 muffin cups with paper liners. Combine
  flour, cocoa, baking powder, soda and salt. Beat the next six
  ingredients until combined, about 1 minute. Stir in flour mixture
  alternately with milk until just combined.  Pour batter into muffin
  cups. Bake 22-25 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean. Remove
  cupcakes from pan; cool on wire rack 30 minutes.  Sprinkle with
  sugar, if desired. from Woman's World November 28, 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST GRANDMA'S SAUSAGE & PEPPERS
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Olive oil
     12    Hot Italian sausages
      1 md Onion; thinly sliced
      1 tb Minced garlic
      2    Red peppers; seeded & sliced
      1    Green pepper
           - seeded and diced
      3 tb Tomato paste
    3/4 c  Dry white wine
      1 ts Fennel seeds
           Salt
           White pepper
 
  HEAT THE OIL in a casserole or large skillet and cook the sausage for
  2 minutes on each side. Pour off most of the fat, add the onions,
  garlic, peppers, tomato paste, wine, fennel seeds, salt and pepper.
  Cover and cook over low heat for 25 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST GRANDMA'S SAUSAGE & PEPPERS
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Olive oil
     12    Hot Italian sausages
      1 md Onion; thinly sliced
      1 tb Minced garlic
      2    Red peppers; seeded & sliced
      1    Green pepper
           - seeded and diced
      3 tb Tomato paste
    3/4 c  Dry white wine
      1 ts Fennel seeds
           Salt
           White pepper
 
  HEAT THE OIL in a casserole or large skillet and cook the sausage for
  2 minutes on each side. Pour off most of the fat, add the onions,
  garlic, peppers, tomato paste, wine, fennel seeds, salt and pepper.
  Cover and cook over low heat for 25 minutes.
  
  MICHAEL ROBERTS - PRODIGY GUEST CHEFS COOKBOOK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE BASIC BAKING MIX
 Categories: Mixes, Italian, Ceideburg 2, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 3/4 c  All-purpose flour*
    1/3 c  Nonfat dry milk powder
      1 tb Sugar
      1 tb Double-acting baking powder
      1 ts Salt
      6 tb Solid vegetable shortening
 
  *To vary the mix, replace half of the flour with whole-wheat flour or
  cornmeal.  Combine flour, dry milk, sugar, baking powder, salt and
  shortening in food processor. Pulse until mixture is well blended and
  smooth. Store in container with tight-fitting cover in cool place for
  up to 4 weeks. Stir well before using.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST INSTANT MUSHROOM SAUCE WITH FETTUCCINE
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 oz Fettuccine (uncooked)
      2 tb Olive oil
      1 lb Fresh white mushrooms,
           Sliced (about 5 cups)
    1/2 c  Sliced green onions
      1 ts Minced garlic
      1 c  Diced tomato
    1/4 c  Chopped fresh basil or
      1 tb Dried basil, crushed
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Lowfat ricotta cheese
 
  Cook pasta according to package directions; drain, reserving 1/4 cup
  cooking liquid; return pasta to pot. Meanwhile, in large skillet heat
  oil until hot.
  
  Add mushrooms, green onions and garlic; cook, stirring frequently,
  until mushrooms are tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in tomato, basil and
  salt; cook until tomato is just warm, about 1 minute. To pasta in pot
  stir in ricotta cheese and enough cooking liquid to make a creamy
  sauce. Add mushroom mixture; toss. Serve with grated Parmesan cheese
  and ground black pepper, if desired.
  
  Courtesy The Mushroom Council. From: Diane Lazarus
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST KENTUCKY FRIED CHICKEN
 Categories: Chicken
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 lb Chicken
      2 pk Italian salad dressing mix
      3 tb Flour
      2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      1 c  Milk
  1 1/2 c  Pancake mix
      1 ts Paprika
    1/2 ts Sage
    1/4 ts Pepper
 
  Make a paste out of the marinade ingredients. Coat chicken evenly.
  Stack chicken pieces in a bowl. Cover and refrigerate overnight or at
  least for several hours. Mix pancake mix with other seasonings. Dip
  pieces of chicken in milk, then in pancake coating. Dust off excess.
  Lightly brown in skillet with 1/2 inch vegtable oil in it. Brown for
  4 minutes each side. Remove and place in a single layer on shallow
  baking pan. Seal with flour. Bake for 1 hour at 350 Uncover and baste
  again with milk. Return, uncovered,
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST LIKE ALAN'S POTATO SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      7 ea Russet potatoes
    1/3 c  Cider vinegar
    2/3 c  Mayonnaise
  1 1/2 tb Sugar
      2 ea Hard-cooked eggs, sliced *
      1 x  Kosher salt to taste
 
  * Hard-cooked sliced eggs are optional.
  =======================================================
  ==================
     Cook potatoes in their skin until tender but still firm. Peel
  potatoes while hot and cut into chunks; mix in vinegar. Add
  mayonnaise, sugar and eggs and celery, if desired. Season with salt
  to taste.
     Printed in the July 2, 1992 issue of the Los Angeles Daily News.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST LINDY'S CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
      1 c  Flour
      1    Egg yolk
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Butter
  1 1/2 ts Lemon zest; grated
           ;Ice water, as needed
    1/2 ts Vanilla

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
     40 oz Cream cheese
  1 1/2 ts Lemon zest
  1 3/4 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Orange zest
      3 tb Flour
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      5    Egg
    1/4 c  Heavy cream
      2    Egg yolk
 
  Preheat oven to 400 degrees.  Prepare dough by combining flour, sugar,
  lemon zest and vanilla.  Make a well in the center and add the egg
  yolk and butter. Work together quickly with pastry blender or hands.
  Add 1 to 2 tablespoons ice water if necessary to bind dough. Wrap
  dough in waxed paper and chill thoroughly, at least one hour.
  
  Remove ring from springform pan.  Roll one-third of the dough 1/8 inch
  thick and place over bottom of pan. Trim the edge and bake in pre-
  heated oven 12-15 minutes until a light golden brown. Cool. Place the
  springform sides over the baked base.  Roll the remaining dough 1/8
  inch thick and cut to fit the sides of the pan, pressing firmly to
  fit and seal the base. Trim the dough to come only 3/4 inches up the
  sides.
  
  Turn oven up to 550 degrees.
  
  Cream cheese with sugar and flour until smooth.  Add eggs and two
  addi- tional yolks one at a time and blend. Add the flavorings and
  cream, mix well, and pour into prepared springform. Bake at 550
  degrees for 10 to 12 minutes, then reduce temperature to 200 degrees
  and continue to bake for one hour.  Cool the cake to room temperature
  before glazing. Submitted By SAM WARING
  <SAM.WARING@382-91-12.IMA.INFOMAIL.COM>  On MON, 13 NOV 1995 132305
  GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST MARIE CALLENDAR'S POTATO CHEESE SOUP
 Categories: Copy cat, Soup, Restaurant, Copycat
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      8 c  Potatoes -- peeled and
           Cubed
      2 c  Chopped onion
      4 c  Chopped celery
      2 ts Salt
      4 c  Water
      4 c  Half-and-half
      6 tb Butter or margarine
      1 c  Shredded sharp cheddar
           Cheese
 
  Place potatoes, onions, celery, and salt in the 4 c of water in a
  large pot. Simmer about 15 minutes until vegetables are tender. Put
  in blender and puree until chunky. Return soup to pot and add
  half-and-half, butter, and cheese. Simmer until hot. Do NOT Boil.
  
  Recipe By     : Cook and Tell 25 Jul 96- PE
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST NO-CAL RED BEANS & RICE
 Categories: Main dish, Rice, Vegetarian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lb Dry red kidney beans
  2 1/2 c  Celery, finely chopped
      2 ea Green bell peppers,
           -- seeded & finely chopped
      2 md Onions, finely chopped
      5 ea Bay leaves
      6 ea Plum tomatoes
           Hot pepper sauce
 
  Cover beans with water (2-inches above beans).  Let soak all day or
  overnight.  Drain, then replace water just to cover the beans. Throw
  in all the vegetables. Bring to boil, reduce heat to simmer for about
  45 minutes. When beans start cracking and showing white) they're done.
  
  Serve with cooked rice, white, or brown.  Add hot pepper sauce to
  taste.
  
  Makes 8 servings.
  
  Recipe by Sara David on AT&T's Interchange, Posted by David Pileggi
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST NON-FAT BANANA BREAD MUFFINS <T>
 Categories: Digest, Feb95
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------MIX TOGETHER-----------------------------
    1/4 c  Unsweetened applesauce
      2 tb Lite preserves or
           Fruit-based jam

MMMMM--------------------------BEAT IN-------------------------------
      1    Egg replacer equal to 1 egg
           (reconstituted to liquid)

MMMMM--------------------------STIR IN-------------------------------
      2    To 3 mashed very ripe
           Bananas
      3 tb Soy milk
      2 ts White vinegar

MMMMM-----------------------SIFT TOGETHER----------------------------
      2 c  Whole wheat flour
      2 ts Wheat gluten
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
      1 pn Salt
 
  Add dry ingredients to the batter, mixing well.  Stir in 1/4 C
  raisins or date pieces (found in the bulk bins at some health food
  stores). Fill cupcake size muffin tins 3/4 full. (Batter is very
  thick.) Bake 30 minutes at 350 degrees, until top is brown and has a
  hard crust. Cool slightly, then remove from tins. Makes 12. This is a
  great recipe to double or triple, depending on how many ripe bananas
  you have.
  
  These freeze beautifully and can be popped in the oven or toaster
  oven at 350 degrees for about 15 minutes to give them that fresh
  baked feel, if desired.
  
  I use a nonstick muffin pan but I just picked up some cushionaire
  muffin tins and find the breads came out lighter now. I do NOT spray
  the tins with any Pam.
  
  Nutritional analysis per muffin based on the 1/4 cup sugar recipe:
  
  calories  125 fat .684 gr (less than 1%) sodium 6.33 mg protein 2.684
  gr fiber     3.599 gm
  
  Source: My banana bread recipe, adapted from ideas I got from this
  great list (thanks, Michelle!) and from Neal Pinckney's book, Healthy
  Heart
  
  Posted by "Natalie Frankel" <Natalie.Frankel@mixcom.com> to the
  Fatfree Digest [Volume 15 Issue 12] Feb. 12, 1995.
  
  Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen
  Mintzias, km@salata.com.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST PASTA PRIMAVERA
 Categories: Diabetic, Vegetables, Cheese, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------
  3 1/2 lb Spaghetti squash; 1 medium
      1 c  Broccoli flowerets; fresh
      1 c  Zucchini; small, sliced
      1 c  Mushrooms; fresh, sliced
      1 c  Carrot; sliced
      1    Clove garlic; small, crushed
    3/4 ts Reduced calorie margarine,
           -melted
      1 tb Skim milk;
    1/2 c  Part skim ricotta cheese;
      1 tb Parmesan cheese;
    1/2 ts Imitation butter flavoring;
    1/4 ts Salt;
    1/2 ts Italian seasoning;
    1/8 ts Coarsely ground pepper;
 
  Wash squash; cut in half lengthwise and discard seeds. Place squash,
  cut side down, in a Dutch oven; add 2 inches water. Bring water to a
  boil, cover and cook 20 minutes or until squash is tender.
  
  Drain squash and cool. Using a fork remove spaghetti-like strands.
  Measure 3 cups of strands; set aside. Remove remaining strands for
  other use.
  
  Steam vegetables 5 to 7 minutes or until crisp-tender; drain well.
  Combine squash strands and vegetables, tossing gently. Cover to keep
  warm; set aside.
  
  Saute garlic in margarine in a small saucepan; remove from heat. Add
  milk, cheese, buter flavoring, and seasonings to saucepan. Cook over
  low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is hot (do not boil).
  Spoon cheese mixture over vegetable mixture, tossing gently. Food
  Exchanges per serving: 1 food exchange + some free vegetables, 1/2
  high-fat meat + 1/2 fat exchanges.... {I found this on the cooking
  echo, it sounded sooo good! It may be worth trying out as soon as I
  can convience "Bert" that squash is good for you and yours.;-) which
  is the reason why I put it in my diabetic recipes file}
  
  Yields 6 servings (about 77 calories, 4.5 grams protein, 2.5 grams
  fat, 10.3 grams carbohydrate, 7 milligrams cholesterol, 171
  milligrams sodium, and 331 milligrams potassium per serving).
  
  Source: "Southern Living: 1986 Annual Recipes" Oxmoor House, 1986.
  
  Shared by: June Hoffman, 7/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST PERFECT CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Dairy, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------

MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
      1    Box vanilla wafers
      1    Stick butter

MMMMM-------------------------DIRECTIONS------------------------------
 
  Crush  wafers in food processor or blender until finely ground. Melt
  butter and mix with wafers for crust. Press into a 10 inch springform
  pan with your fingers, take care to make the crust as thin as
  possible with special attention to the corners where the crust tends
  to be a bit thick. Filling: Ingredients: 3 large pkg. cream cheese
  3/4 cup sugar juice of one large lemon             3 grade A large
  eggs Directions: Blend thoroughly the cream cheese, sugar and lemon
  juice. Mix until smooth . Add eggs and blend well.  Pour mixture into
  crust and bake for 30 to 45 minutes at 350 degrees. When done the
  cake will be set (not solid), slightly golden, and perhaps split on
  top. It is better slightly over and not under done. Remove from the
  oven and cool on a rack. It will firm up more on cooling. This is an
  important step...cool for about 45 minutes. Topping: Ingredients: 3
  cups sour cream 3/4 cup sugar 2 tsp vanilla Directions: Mix sour
  cream, 3/4 cup sugar and vanilla.  Pour on top of cooled cake. Return
  to 350 degree oven for 30 minutes. Cool to room temperature.
  Refrigerate and cool thoroughly (overnight is fine) but at least 5-6
  hours). Freezes well. You may serve now if you do not care for a
  glaze or for a killer bodiller glaze.... Glaze: Ingredients: 1 can (1
  lb) sour pitted cherries (packed in water) 1/2 cup sugar 1 tbs
  cornstarch 1 tbs lemon juice 2 drops red food coloring Directions:
  Drain cherries, reserving 1/2 cup liquid. Put aside cherries. In a
  saucepan, combine sugar, cornstarch. Add cherry liquid, stir until
  smooth. Bring to a boil over medium heat and boil 1 minute..until
  thick and clear. Remove from heat, let cool slightly. Add lemon
  juice, cherries, food coloring. Cool until still warm but pourable.
  Pour on top on chilled cheese cake. Refrigerate for an hour or
  so.....While the cake may be prepared a day before, do not glaze
  until the day that you plan to serve. I have also used commercially
  prepared pie fillings as a glaze with good results.
  
  Submitted By EARL SHELSBY   On   01-22-95 Submitted By
  COOK4U@VIVANET.COM On   TUE, 5 DEC 1995
   125335    GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST SICILIAN SPLASH
 Categories: Non-, Alcohol, Mixed, Drinks
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4    Cubes ice
      2    Jiggers White grape juice
      1    Jigger orange soda
           Sparkling water
      1    Lemon slice -- garnish
 
  Tall fluted glass. Blend in order given. Serve with lemon slice and a
  straw.
  
  Recipe By     : Olive Garden Restaurants
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST SNICKERS
 Categories: Desserts, Weight watc
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
     12 oz Low fat ice cream --
           Softened
      1 c  Low fat Cool Whip
    1/4 c  Crunchy peanut butter
      1 pk Sugar free Chocolate
           Pudding
      3 oz Grape Nut cereal
 
  Mix together ice cream, Cool Whip, peanut butter and pudding. Fold in
  Grape Nuts. Spread in 8x8 inch pan and freeze.
  
  Recipe By     : Mary Ann Housman (WW leader)
  
  From: "Dax C. Davis" <dax@airmail.Net>date: Sat, 13 Jul 1996 07:12:31
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST STUFFED CABBAGE
 Categories: Rice, Ground beef, Tomatoes, Peppers
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        2 c  shredded cabbage
        1 c  uncooked white rice
      1/2 c  water
        1 md onion chopped
        1 md bell pepper -- chopped
       16 oz can whole tomatoes-drained
  :          and chopped
        1 lb lean ground beef --
  :          (uncooked)
      1/2 lb sausage -- uncooked/sliced
  :          thin
  
  Combine all ingredients in an electric rice cooker. Set on "cook"
  setting. When cooker switches to "warm" setting, stir and allow to
  sit covered for 10 minutes.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - =
  
  NOTES : Contributed by Lou Brown of the Louisiana Extension Service.
  It was suggested by LHRoberts that 1 tsp. salt and 1/3 cup golden
  raisins be added to this recipe. Recipe By
  : SSpahn
  
                                        Date: 09/26/96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST TWINKIE CAKE
 Categories: Box cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pk White cake mix
      1 sm Vanilla instant pudding
    1/2 c  Oil
      3    Eggs
      1 c  Milk
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Margarine; softened
      2 ts Vanilla
      4 tb Flour
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Crisco
      1 c  Water
 
  Combine cake mix, oil, eggs, pudding and water and 1 tsp vanilla.
  Beat at medium speed for 2 minutes. Pour into a greased and floured 9
  x 13 pan. Bake at 350~ for 40-45 minutes or until cake tests done. In
  a saucepan mix the flour with the milk. Cook until thick, stirring
  constantly; cool. Add sugar, salt, crisco, margarine and 1 tsp
  vanilla. Beat until fluffy. Spread on the cooled cake. Store in
  refrigerator.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST VEGAN LASAGNA
 Categories: Main dish, Pasta
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      1 c  Green lentils, washed
      2 tb Olive oil
      1 lg Onion, diced
      1 md Carrot, thinly sliced
  1 1/2 c  Mushrooms, sliced
      2 ea Garlic cloves, chopped
      2 c  Tomatoes, diced
      2 tb Tomato paste
      1 tb Parsley
      1 ts Oregano
      1 ts Marjoram
      1 ts Soy sauce
           Salt & pepper to taste

MMMMM---------------------------PASTA--------------------------------
           Lasagna strips, enough for
           -- 3 layers

MMMMM-----------------------BECHAMEL SAUCE----------------------------
  3 1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Cashews
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts White pepper
      1 ea Bay leaf
      1 ds Nutmeg

MMMMM----------------------------ROUX---------------------------------
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  All-purpose flour

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Mozzarella style soy cheese
           -- OR Italian style almond
           -- cheese (optional)
 
  Rinse lentils & cook for about 25 minutes until soft. Drain,
  reserving the stock.
  
  Heat oil in a large skillet & saute onions for 3 minutes. Add carrots,
  garlic & mushrooms & continue to saute for 10 minutes, stirring
  occasionally to prevent burning. Add cooked lentils, tomatoes, tomato
  paste, herbs & soy sauce.  Add a little of the reserved stock if
  mixture is too dry.  Cover & cook for 20 minutes to ensure that the
  flavours are well blended.
  
  Meanwhile cook enough lasagna strips to make 3 layers. Cook only till
  al dente.
  
  BECHAMEL SAUCE: Combine the water, cashews, salt, pepper & nutmeg in
  the blender & blend till smooth. Make the roux by heating the oil in
  a pot & stirring in the flour when hot. Slowly add the cashew milk,
  add the bay leaf & bring to a gentle boil, stirring constantly. When
  boiling, reduce heat to very low & simmer for about 1 minute or until
  the sauce starts to thicken.  Set aside.  Remove bay leaf before
  using.
  
  Oil a casserole dish.  Put a layer of lasagna in the bottom & layer
  with the lentil mixture followed by the bechamel sauce. Repeat,
  ending with a layer of bechamel. Top with shredded soy cheese if
  desired. Bake at 350F for 35 minutes.  Let stand for 10 minutes
  before serving.
  
  Posted by Mark Satterly in Intercook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST-A-MEAL  CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casseroles, Main dish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lb Ground Beef; Brown, Drain
      1 c  Onions; Minced
     28 oz Tomatoes; Canned,
           -With Liquid, chop
      1 tb Worcestershire Sauce
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Potatoes; Sliced
    1/3 c  Flour; All-Purpose
     10 oz Corn; Frozen, Thaw
     10 oz Lima Beans; Frozen, Thaw
      1    Pepper; Bell,Large,
           -Cut in strips
  1 1/2 c  Cheddar Cheese; Shredded,
           -6 oz
 
   1- In a bowl, combine browned and drained beef, onion, tomatoes with
  liquid, worcestershire sauce and salt.
   2-Spoon into a greased 3-quart casserole.
   3-Layer the potatoes, flour, corn, lima beans and green peppers on
  top.
   4-Cover and bake at 375~ for 45 minutes.Sprinkle with the cheese and
  continue baking, uncovered, for 30 minutes longer.
  
  Very good for preparing ahead of time. To reheat, place foil loosely
  over top and reheat in oven for about 20 minutes.
  
  Jo Anne Merrill, recipe from Kitchen Classics
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST-AS-GOOD-AS-BUTTERMILK WAFFLES
 Categories: Breads, Breakfast, Easy, Quick, Quick & eas
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  All-purpose flour
      1 tb Cornmeal, optional
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking soda
      2 ts Cream of tartar
      1 lg Egg, separated
    3/4 c  Milk, scant
      2 tb Unsalted butter, melted
 
  Heat waffle iron. Whisk dry ingredients together in a medium bowl.
  Whisk yolk with milk and butter. Beat egg white until it just holds a
  2-inch peak. Add liquid ingredients to dry ingredients in a thin
  steady stream while gently mixing with a rubber spatula; be careful
  not to add liquid faster than you can incorporate it. Toward end of
  mixing, use a folding motion to incorporate ingredients; gently fold
  egg white into batter. Spread appropriate amount of batter onto
  waffle iron. Following manufacturer's instructions, cook waffle until
  golden brown, 2 to 5 minutes. Serve immediately. (You can keep
  waffles warm on a wire rack in a 200-degree oven for up to 5
  minutes.) Makes 3 to 4 waffles. NOTES : "If you're out of buttermilk,
  try this sweet-milk variation. By making your own baking powder using
  baking soda and cream of tartar and by cutting back on the quantity
  of milk, you can make a thick, quite respectable batter. The result
  is a waffle with a crisp crust and a moist interior." -- Christopher
  Kimball, Cook's Illustrated magazine. By "classact" <classact@i1.net>
  on Mar 22, 1997
  
  Recipe by: Cook's Illustrated magazine, Nov/Dec 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALMOST-NO-FAT GRAND MARNIER ICE CREAM
 Categories: Ice cream, Low-fat
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 ts Unflavored gelatin
    1/4 c  Grand Marnier
      3 c  Non-fat milk
      3 tb Non-fat dry milk
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 ts Grated orange zest
    1/2 c  Non-fat egg substitute
           -(equivalent to 2 eggs)
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
      3 md Oranges
           Orange zest
 
  Sprinkle gelatin over Grand Marnier. let stand until softened.
  Combine 2 cups milk, non-fat dry milk, sogar and orange zest in
  saucepan. Heat to simmer. Add a little hot mixture to egg substitute
  and return all to pan.
  
  Heat and stir until slightly thickened. Stir in gelatin mixture just
  until dissolved. Stir in remaining milk. Let cool to room
  temperature. Stir in vanilla. Process in ice cream maker according to
  manufacturer's directions.
  
  To serve, spoon ice cream into orange shells and garnish with orange
  zest, if desired.
  
  For six orange shells cut three medium oranges in half crosswise.
  Gently juice oranges, being careful not to damage shells. Reserve
  juice for another use. Scoop any remaining membrane from inner
  shells. Chill until serving time. Makes 6 servings.
  
  Each serving contains about: 305 calories; 368 milligrams sodium; 12
  milligrams cholesterol; 0 fat; 44 grams carbohydrates; 25 grams
  protein; 0 fiber.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALO-BALO POLO (STEAMED RICE WITH SOUR CHERRIE
 Categories: Middle east, Iranian, Chicken, Rice
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Cherries, sour; fresh, ripe,
           ;pitted (about 2 pounds)
      6 tb Sugar
    1/4 c  Olive oil
  2 1/2 lb Chicken
      1 ts Salt
      1 md Onion; peeled and cut into
           ;1/8 inch thick slices
    1/2 c  Water
      2 c  Rice, iranian; imported or
           ;other uncooked long, soaked
           ;and drained
      8 tb Butter; melted
    1/4 ts Saffron threads; pulverized
           ;with a mortar and pestle or
           ;the back of a spoon, and
           ;dissolved in 1 tablespoon
           ;warm water

MMMMM----------------SILVER XPRESS MAIL SYSTEM 5---------------------
 
    Combine the cherries and sugar in a 2 to 3 quart saucepan, and,
  stirring gently, bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to
  low and simmer uncovered for 2 or 3 minutes, or until the cherries
  have softened somewhat and given off most of their liquid. Remove
  from the heat.
    In a heavy 3 to 4 quart casserole, heat the olive oil over moderate
  heat until a light haze forms above it. Pat the chicken completely
  dry with paper towels and sprinkle it inside and out with salt. Brown
  the chicken in the hot oil, turning it frequently with a large spoon
  or tongs and regulating the heat so that the bird colors quickly and
  deeply without burning.
    Place the chicken on a plate and add the onion slices to the oil
  remaining in the casserole. Stirring frequently, cook for about 10
  minutes, or until the slices are richly browned. Return the chicken
  and all of the juices which have accumulated on the plate to the
  casserole, add the « cup of water and bring to a boil over high heat.
  Reduce the heat to low, cover tightly and simmer for about 30
  minutes, or until the chicken is tender.
    Transfer the chicken to a plate, set aside 2 tablespoons of the
  cooking liquid and discard the onion slices. When the bird is cool
  enough to handle, cut it into 6 or 8 serving pieces.
    Meanwhile, bring 6 cups of water to a boil in a heavy 4 to 5 quart
  casserole with a tightly fitting lid. Pour in the rice in a slow, thin
  stream so the water does not stop boiling. Stir once or twice, boil
  briskly for 5 minutes, then drain the rice in a sieve.
    Pour the reserved chicken cooking liquid and 4 tablespoons of the
  melted butter into the casserole and stir them together. Add half of
  the rice and, with a spatula or spoon, smooth it to the edges of the
  casserole. Cook uncovered over moderate heat for 5 minutes, then
  remove the casserole from the heat and add the chicken and half of
  the reserved cherries. Spread the remaining rice on top and pour in
  all the remaining cherries and their cooking liquid.  Cover tightly
  and cook over low heat for 15 to 20 minutes, or until the rice is
  tender.
    To serve, spoon about a cup of the rice into a small bowl, add the
  remaining 4 tablespoons of melted butter and the dissolved saffron
  and stir until the mixture is bright yellow. Place a layer of rice on
  a heated platter.  Arrange the chicken on top of it, cover the
  chicken with the remaining rice and cherry mixture. Sprinkle the
  saffron rice on top. With a metal spatula, lift the rice crust from
  the bottom of the casserole and arrange small pieces of it around the
  edge of the platter.
  
  92 of 116
  
  Source: Time Life Series: Middle Eastern Cooking "circa 69"
  
  MMed by: earl.cravens@salata.com Beach, CA * 310-543-0439 28.8k
  (1:102/125) Ä Area: International Cooking
  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ Msg#: 66 Date: 24
  Mar 95 23:22:00 From: EARL CRAVENS Read: Yes Replied: No
    To: ALL
                                          Mark: Save Subj: T/L Mid East
  093-116 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ÄÄÄÄ ÄÄÄ
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOAH SHRIMP SALAD
 Categories: Seafood, Sandwiches, Salads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------FROM JONI'S KITCHEN-------------------------
      6 c  -water
      2 lb Medium shrimp;fresh
      1 c  Celery;chop fine
     20 oz Can pineapple chunks;drain
           -unsweetened
    1/3 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Reduced cal mayonaise
      2 ts Curry powder
      4    Pita Bread pockets(optional)
      4 x  Leaves of Lettuce
 
  Bring water to a boil and add shrimp, and cook 3 to 5 minutes or until
  shrimp turn pink. Drain; rinse with cold water. Peel and devein, if
  desired. Combine shrimp and remaining ingredients. Refrigerate at
  least 1 hour before serving. Serve on a bed of lettuce or in a Pita
  Bread. Yield: 3 to 4 servings Source: Southern Living - Curry in a
  Hurry
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Buttermilk
      2 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 c  Bread flour
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 tb Butter or margarine
      3 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Baking soda
      8 oz Can of crushed pineapple,
           Well-drained
    1/3 c  Flaked coconut
  1 1/2 ts Active dry yeast
 
  Place all ingredients in bread pan, select light crust setting and
  press start. 1-1/2 lb. loaf. After the baking cycle ends, remove
  bread from pan, place on rack and allow to cool for 1  hour before
  slicing. NOTE: for Welbilt/DAK machines, use 2 ts yeast
        for Panasonic/Nat'l. machines, use 3 ts yeast Deb's notes:
  Substituted 3 tb of buttermilk *powder*, 3/4 c plus 1 tb of water, and
  deleted baking soda in lieu of fresh buttermilk. Worked fine. Rich
  liked it with creamed clover honey, but he loved it in bread pudding!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 c  Vanilla Wafer Crumbs
    1/4 c  Margarine, Melted
     16 oz Cream Cheese, Softened
    1/3 c  Sugar
      2 tb Milk
      2 ea Large Eggs
    1/2 c  Macadamia Nuts, Toasted
  8 1/2 oz Crushed Pineapple, Drained
      1 ea Med Kiwi Peeled, Sliced
 
  Combine crumbs and margarine; press onto bottom of 9-inch springform
  pan. Bake at 350 degrees F., 10 minutes. Combine cream cheese, sugar
  and milk, mixing at medium speed on electric mixer until well
  blended. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well well after each
  addition. Stir in nuts; pour over crust.  Bake at 350 degrees F., 45
  minutes. Loosen caek from rim of pan; cool before removing rim of
  pan. Chill.  Before serving, top with fruit.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA CHEESECAKE FROM FRED GOSLIN
 Categories: Cyberealm, Desserts, Cheesecake, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 c  Vanilla Wafer Crumbs
     16 oz Cream Cheese, Softened
      2 tb Milk
    1/2 c  Macadamia Nuts, Toasted
      1 ea Med Kiwi Peeled, Sliced
    1/4 c  Margarine, Melted
    1/3 c  Sugar
      2 ea Large Eggs
  8 1/2 oz Crushed Pineapple, Drained
 
  Combine crumbs and margarine; press onto bottom of 9-inch springform
  pan. Bake at 350 degrees F., 10 minutes.
  
  Combine cream cheese, sugar and milk, mixing at medium speed on
  electric mixer until well blended.  Add eggs, one at a time, mixing
  well well after each addition. Stir in nuts; pour over crust. Bake at
  350 degrees F., 45 minutes.  Loosen caek from rim of pan; cool before
  removing rim of pan. Chill.  Before serving, top with fruit.
  
  From Fred Goslin, Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA CHICKEN
 Categories: Diabetic, Poultry, Rice, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  2 1/2 lb Chicken pieces; skinned
      2    Chicken Bouillon cubes;
           -Borden Low Sodium
      1 tb Margarine;
      1 c  Green pepper; diced (1 med.
           -pepper)
      1 c  Radishes; thinly sliced
      1 c  Pineapple chunks; canned,
           -unsweetened
    1/2 c  Juice from pineapple;
      1 ts Light soy sauce;
      2 tb Flour;
        ds Pepper;
  4 1/2 c  Rice; cooked
           Chow mein noodles; optional
 
  Simmer the chicken in water with bouillon cubes. Remove meat from
  bones and cut into chunks.  Save 1 cup of chicken broth. While
  chicken is cooking, melt margarine in frying pan or wok and saute the
  radishes, green peppers, and pineapple until crisp tender, but not
  brown. (Put rice on to cook.) Mix 1 cup saved chicken broth with 1/2
  cup pineapple juice and 1 tsp. soy sauce.  Add to pan.
  
  Mix flour with 1 Tb. cold water and stir to remove lumps. Add to
  vegetables.  Add cut up chicken and a dash of pepper, and cook until
  everything is hot. Serve over rice. If desired, sprinkle chow mein
  noodles on top.  Serves 6.  (Portion is 3/4 cup mixture served over
  3/4 cup cooked rice.)
  
  Nutrients per serving:  Calories 320, fat 7g, cholesterol 58mg,
  carbohydrate 39g, sodium 314mg.
  
  Exchanges:  Bread 2 1/2, Meat 2.
  
  Source:  "There IS Life after Lettuce" by Pepper Durcholz, Alberta
  Gentry, Carolyn Williams, M.S.
  
  Formatted for Meal-Master by Joyce Burton.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 36 Cookies
 
    1/3 c  Butter or margarine
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
  1 1/2 c  Sifted flour
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/8 ts Salt
      8 oz Canned crushed pineapple
           -- drained
    1/4 c  Chopped macadamia nuts
           -OR- walnuts
    1/2 c  Chopped Calif. dried figs

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
      1 c  Powdered sugar
      2 tb Milk
           Flaked coconut
 
  In large bowl, beat butter, sugar and egg until fluffy. Combine
  flour, soda and salt; beat into butter-sugar mixture alternately with
  pineapple. Stir in nuts and figs.  Drop by teaspoon on greased cookie
  sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 10 to 12 minutes. While warm, dip
  cookies into glaze of powdered sugar and milk; then in coconut.
  
  Source: California Dried Figs - Recipes...Serving Ideas Reprinted
  with the permission of The California Fig Advisory Board Electronic
  format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA FOR SIX: CHICKEN SALAD WITH SOFT & CR
 Categories: Salads, Poultry etc, Hawaiian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Chicken breasts [3/4lb]
           -skinless, boneless
    1/4 lb Linguine noodles
      2 c  Snow peas, thin diag slice
    1/2 c  Sweet red pepper, thin slice
    1/2 c  Red onion, thinly sliced
     12    Leaf lettuce leaves
  1 1/2 c  Chow mein noodles
      3 tb Roasted peanuts, chopped

MMMMM--------------------------MARINADE-------------------------------
      1 tb Lime juice
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 pn Pepper
      2 sm Garlic cloves, minced

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
      2 tb Lime juice
      2 tb Soy sauce
      2 ts Granulated sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Marinade: In bowl, combine lime juice, salt, pepper and garlic; add
  chicken turning to coat. Place on lightly greased baking sheet; bake
  in 350F=180C oven for 15-20 minutes or until no longer pink inside.
  Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour or up to 8 hours.
  
  Dressing: In small bowl, whisk together oil, lime juice, soy sauce,
  sugar and salt; cover and refrigerate for up to 8 hours.
  
  In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook linquine for 8-10
  minutes or until tender but firm; drain and refresh under cold water.
  Drain well and place in large bowl.
  
  Slice chicken diagonally into thin strips; add to cooled linguine
  along with snow peas, red pepper and onion. Pour dressing over top,
  toss to coat well. Place 2 lettuce leaves on each plate; divide salad
  evenly among plates. Surround each salad with chow mein noodles.
  Sprinkle with peanuts.
  
  Per serving: 335 calories, 19 g protein, 16 g fat, 28 g carbohydrate
  Good source iron
  
  Variation: substitute 3/4 lb cooked baby shrimp for the chicken; just
  toss with the marinade before adding to linguine and vegetables.
  
  Dinner menu: Aloha For Six: Party Planner Info Aloha For Six: Golden
  Curry Macadamia Nuts Aloha For Six: Chicken Salad With Soft And
  Crispy Noodles Aloha For Six: Ginger-Glazed Pork Tenderloins Aloha
  For Six: Citrus Sweet Potatoes Aloha For Six: Stir-fried Broccoli And
  Sweet Onions Aloha For Six: Lime Custard With Mange Sauce; or Aloha
  For Six: Coconut Cookies
  
  Source: Canadian Living Magazine March 1996 by Karen Barnaby
  
  [-=PAM=-] PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA FOR SIX: CITRUS SWEET POTATOES
 Categories: Vegetables, Hawaiian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Sweet potatoes (3)
      1 tb Grated orange rind
    1/3 c  Orange juice
    1/3 c  Grapefruit juice
    1/4 c  Firm packed brown sugar
      2 tb Butter, melted
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
 
  Peel and cut sweet potatoes into 1/4-inch thick slices; arrange,
  overlapping slightly, in a single layer in 13x9 inch baking dish.
  Combine orange rind and juice, grapefruit juice, sugar, butter, lemon
  juice, salt and pepper; pour evenly over sweet potatoes. Cover
  tightly with foil; bake in 375F=190C oven for 40 minutes. Uncover and
  bake, basting every 10 minutes, for about 30 minutes longer or until
  sweet potatoes are tender and glazed.
  
  Per serving: 220 calories, 2 g protein, 4 g fat, 45 g carbohydrate
  high source fibre
  
  Dinner menu: Aloha For Six: Party Planner Info Aloha For Six: Golden
  Curry Macadamia Nuts Aloha For Six: Chicken Salad With Soft And
  Crispy Noodles Aloha For Six: Ginger-Glazed Pork Tenderloins Aloha
  For Six: Citrus Sweet Potatoes Aloha For Six: Stir-fried Broccoli And
  Sweet Onions Aloha For Six: Lime Custard With Mange Sauce; or Aloha
  For Six: Coconut Cookies
  
  Source: Canadian Living Magazine March 1996 by Karen Barnaby
  
  [-=PAM=-] PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA FOR SIX: COCONUT COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Hawaiian
      Yield: 36 Cookies
 
  1 1/4 c  Butter, softened
      1 c  Granulated sugar
      1    Egg yolk
  2 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      2 c  Unsweetened coconut
           -medium shred
      1 pn Nutmeg
 
  In large bowl, beat butter until creamy; beat in sugar until smooth,
  about 1 minute. BEat in egg yolk until slightly fluffy. With wooden
  spoon, stir in flour, coconut and nutmeg until thoroughly combined.
  Wrap dough in plastic wrap; chill until firm, about 2 hours.
  
  Roll heaping tablespoons of dough into 3-inch long logs. Place 2
  inches apart on greased and floured or parchment paper-lined baking
  sheets; flatten with back of fork to 1/4-inch thickness. Refrigerate
  for 30 minutes to chill.
  
  Bake in 325F=160C oven, 1 sheet at a time, for 25-30 minutes or until
  golden around edges. Let cool in the pan, on a rack, for 5 minutes;
  transfer to rack and let cool completely.
  
  Cookies can be stored in airtight container for up to
        4    days.
  
  Per serving: 145 calories, 1 g protein, 10 g fat, 13 g carbohydrate
  
  Dinner menu: Aloha For Six: Party Planner Info Aloha For Six: Golden
  Curry Macadamia Nuts Aloha For Six: Chicken Salad With Soft And
  Crispy Noodles Aloha For Six: Ginger-Glazed Pork Tenderloins Aloha
  For Six: Citrus Sweet Potatoes Aloha For Six: Stir-fried Broccoli And
  Sweet Onions Aloha For Six: Lime Custard With Mange Sauce; or Aloha
  For Six: Coconut Cookies
  
  Source: Canadian Living Magazine March 1996 by Karen Barnaby
  
  [-=PAM=-] PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA FOR SIX: GINGER-GLAZED PORK TENDERLOINS
 Categories: Pork, Hawaiian, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Green onion, thin sliced
      2 tb Gingerroot, grated
      2 tb Soy sauce
      2 tb Liquid honey
      1 tb Molasses
      2 sm Garlic cloves, minced
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      2 lg Pork tenderloins, trimmed
           -[3/4 lb each]
 
  In large bowl, combine green onions, ginger, soy sauce, honey,
  molasses, garlic, salt and pepper; add pork, turning to coat well.
  Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or for up to 8 hours.
  
  Reserving marinade, place pork on foil-lined rimmed baking sheet;
  broil 6 inches from heat, basting once with marinade, for about 20
  minutes or just until a hint of pink remains inside. Tent with foil
  and let stand for 10 minutes before slicing.
  
  Per serving: 175 calories, 24 g protein, 4 g fat, 10 g carbohydrate
  
  Dinner menu: Aloha For Six: Party Planner Info Aloha For Six: Golden
  Curry Macadamia Nuts Aloha For Six: Chicken Salad With Soft And
  Crispy Noodles Aloha For Six: Ginger-Glazed Pork Tenderloins Aloha
  For Six: Citrus Sweet Potatoes Aloha For Six: Stir-fried Broccoli And
  Sweet Onions Aloha For Six: Lime Custard With Mange Sauce; or Aloha
  For Six: Coconut Cookies
  
  Source: Canadian Living Magazine March 1996 by Karen Barnaby
  
  [-=PAM=-] PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA FOR SIX: GOLDEN CURRY MACADAMIA NUT
 Categories: Appetizers, Hawaiian
      Yield: 3 Cups
 
    1/2 lb Unsalted macadamia
           -or whole cashew nuts
      2 ts Liquid honey
      1 ts Butter
    3/4 ts Curry powder
    1/2 ts Ground cumin
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  If salted nuts are used, eliminate salt from the ingredient list.
  
  Place macadamia nuts in large bowl; set aside.
  
  In saucepan or microwaveable bowl, heat honey, butter, curry powder,
  cumin and salt over low heat until blended; pour over nuts, stirring
  to coat well.
  
  Spread a single layer on baking sheet; bake in 325F=160C oven,
  stirring frequently, for 10-15 minutes or until lightly roasted and
  fragrant.
  
  Let cool completely. Nuts can be stored in an airtight container for
  up to
        2    days. Per 1/4 cup: 140 calories, 2 g protein, 14 g fat, 4 g
  carbohydrate
  
  Dinner menu: Aloha For Six: Party Planner Info Aloha For Six: Golden
  Curry Macadamia Nuts Aloha For Six: Chicken Salad With Soft And
  Crispy Noodles Aloha For Six: Ginger-Glazed Pork Tenderloins Aloha
  For Six: Citrus Sweet Potatoes Aloha For Six: Stir-fried Broccoli And
  Sweet Onions Aloha For Six: Lime Custard With Mange Sauce; or Aloha
  For Six: Coconut Cookies
  
  Source: Canadian Living Magazine March 1996 by Karen Barnaby
  
  [-=PAM=-] PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA FOR SIX: LIME CUSTARD WITH MANGO SAUCE
 Categories: Desserts, Hawaiian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Whipping cream
      2 ts Grated lime rind
      6    Egg yolks
      3 tb Granulated sugar
      1 lg Mango
      2 tb Passion fruit liqueur
           - or coconut liqueur
      1 ts Lime juice
 
  This recipe should be made one day before serving for maximum flavour.
  
  In small saucepan, heat whipping cream and lime rind over medium-high
  heat just until bubbles form around edge of pan, about 4 minutes; let
  cool to room temperature. In large bowl, whisk egg yolks with sugar
  until sugar is dissolved, scraping down side of bowl. Pour cream
  mixture through strainer into egg mixture.
  
  In 13x9-inch baking dish, place 6 ramekins or 3/4-cup custard cups.
  Pour custard evenly into ramekins. Pour enough hot water into baking
  dish to come halfway up sides of ramekins. Cover tightly and bake in
  350F=180C oven for 50 minutes or until knife inserted at edge comes
  out clean. Uncovered, let cool in water bath to room temperature.
  Remove ramekins from water and place on tray; cover and refrigerate
  for 1 day or until properly set and thoroughly chilled. [Custard can
  be refrigerated for up to 2 days.]
  
  About 1 hour before serving, remove custards from refrigerator; set
  aside. Peel and dice mango; place in bowl. Gently stir in passion
  fruit liqueur and lime juice; cover and set aside. To serve spoon
  gruit evenly over custards and serve immediately.
  
  Variation: If you wish to omit the liqueur in the sauce, substitute 2
  tb lime juice and omit the 1 ts lime juice in recipe.
  
  Per serving: 460 calories, 5 g protein, 40 g fat, 19 g carbohydrate
  
  Dinner menu: Aloha For Six: Party Planner Info Aloha For Six: Golden
  Curry Macadamia Nuts Aloha For Six: Chicken Salad With Soft And
  Crispy Noodles Aloha For Six: Ginger-Glazed Pork Tenderloins Aloha
  For Six: Citrus Sweet Potatoes Aloha For Six: Stir-fried Broccoli And
  Sweet Onions Aloha For Six: Lime Custard With Mange Sauce; or Aloha
  For Six: Coconut Cookies
  
  Source: Canadian Living Magazine March 1996 by Karen Barnaby
  
  [-=PAM=-] PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA FOR SIX: PARTY PLANNING INFO
 Categories: Info/tips, Hawaiian
      Yield: 3 Cups
 
MMMMM-------------------------INFO ONLY------------------------------
 
  ~ up to 4 days ahead: - Bake Coconut Cookies
  
  ~ up to 3 days ahead: - Bake and refrigerate Lime Custard for dessert
  
  ~ up to 2 days ahead: - Prepare Golden Curry Macadamia Nuts
  
  ~ up to 1 day ahead:  - Organize serving platters, bowls, utensils,
  table
  
  ~ up to 8 hours ahead:- Marinate pork for Ginger-Glaze Pork
  Tenderloins; Cook chicken and make dressing for salad recipe; Cook
  onions for Stir-fry, wrap and refrigerate other veg separately
  
  ~ up to 2 hours ahead:- Make Citrus Sweet Potatoes, keep warm while
  broiling pork.
  
  ~ Up to 1 hour ahead: - Prepare Mango Sauce for custards; cover and
  refrigerate; Remove custards from refrigerator; Prepare chicken salad
  with Soft and Crispy Noodles Broil pork
  
  ~ To Serve - Cook stir-fry after first course For dessert, spoon Mango
  Sauce over custard and serve
  
  Dinner menu: Aloha For Six: Party Planner Info Aloha For Six: Golden
  Curry Macadamia Nuts Aloha For Six: Chicken Salad With Soft And
  Crispy Noodles Aloha For Six: Ginger-Glazed Pork Tenderloins Aloha
  For Six: Citrus Sweet Potatoes Aloha For Six: Stir-fried Broccoli And
  Sweet Onions Aloha For Six: Lime Custard With Mange Sauce; or Aloha
  For Six: Coconut Cookies
  
  Source: Canadian Living Magazine March 1996 by Karen Barnaby
  
  [-=PAM=-] PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA FOR SIX: STIR-FRIED BROCCOLI & SWEET
 Categories: Vegetables, Hawaiian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Spanish onion
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      1 ts Granulated sugar
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Red wine vinegar
      3 sm Garlic cloves, fine chopped
      6 c  Broccoli florets and sliced
           -stalks
      2    Sweet red peppers, sliced
    1/2 ts Pepper
    1/2 c  Vegetable stock or water
 
  This recipe attempts to duplicate, as closely as possible, the taste
  of the famous Hawaiian Maui onion.
  
  Cut onion in half lengthwise; cut crosswise into 1/2-inch thick
  slices. In wok or large skillet, heat oil over medium-low heat; cook
  onion, sugar, 1/2 ts of the salt, the vinegar and garlic. Cover and
  stir occasionally, for about 20 minutes or until translucent but not
  browned. Remove from pan and set aside.
  
  Recipe can be prepared to this point and refrigerated in airtight
  container for up to 8 hours.
  
  Increase heat to high. Add broccoli, red pepper, pepper and remaining
  salt to pan; toss to combine. Add stock; returning onions to pan.
  Cover and cook, stirring occasionally for 5 minutes or until broccoli
  is tender-crisp.
  
  Per serving: 100 calories, 3 g protein, 5 g fat, 12 g carbohydrate
  
  Dinner menu: Aloha For Six: Party Planner Info Aloha For Six: Golden
  Curry Macadamia Nuts Aloha For Six: Chicken Salad With Soft And
  Crispy Noodles Aloha For Six: Ginger-Glazed Pork Tenderloins Aloha
  For Six: Citrus Sweet Potatoes Aloha For Six: Stir-fried Broccoli And
  Sweet Onions Aloha For Six: Lime Custard With Mange Sauce; or Aloha
  For Six: Coconut Cookies
  
  Source: Canadian Living Magazine March 1996 by Karen Barnaby
  
  [-=PAM=-] PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 c  California Dried Figs
      1    Fresh pineapple
      1 c  Mandarin oranges
      1 c  Whipping cream
      2 tb Sugar
    1/2 c  Toasted flaked coconut
           Fresh mint (optional)
 
  Slice dried figs.  Slice pineapple into half; scoop out center; cut
  into bite-size chunks.  Drain oranges. Arrange figs, pineapple chunks
  and oranges in pineapple shells. Whip cream; stir in sugar and
  coconut (reserve some coconut for topping, if desired). Spoon over
  fruits. Garnish with fresh mint, if desired.
  
  Source: 48 Family Favorites with California Figs Reprinted with the
  permission of The California Fig Advisory Board Electronic format
  courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA SWEET POTATO SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Bacon
      3 c  Diced cooked sweet potatoes
      2 c  Pineapple chunks
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
      1 tb Dijon mustard
      2 tb Lime juice
    1/2 ts Freshly ground pepper
    1/2 c  Macadamia nuts
           Romaine leaves
 
  1. Cut the bacon slices into 1/2-inch pieces and fry in a skillet
  until well browned.  Drain on paper towels. 2. Combine the bacon,
  sweet potatoes and pineapple in a large mixing bowl and toss lightly.
  In a small bowl conbine the mayonnaise, mustard, lime juice and
  pepper. 3. Add dressing to the potato mixture and mix lightly but
  thoroughly. Just before serving, stir in the macadamia nuts. 4. Serve
  the salad in a chilled salad bowl lined with romaine leaves.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOHA SWEET POTATOES
 Categories: American, Potatoes, Side dishes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4    To 5 Medium Sweet Potatoes
    1/2 c  Pineapple Preserves
      2 tb Butter
 
  Boil sweet potatoes in their jackets until tender, about 25 minutes.
  Let cool, then peel and cut into 1/2 inch thick slices. In a large
  skillet melt pineapple preserves and butter; add sweet potatoes to
  skillet. Cook gently; tossing lightly until sweet potatoes are glazed.
  
  Recipe By     : arielle@bonkers.taronga.com (Stephanie da Silva)
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOO DAM
 Categories: Vegetarian, Indian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 tb Oil
      1    Bay leaf
      1    Onion
    1/2 ts Ginger
    1/2 ts Garlic
    1/2 ts Cumin Seeds
    1/2 ts Garlic
    1/2 ts Cumin Seeds
    1/4 ts Turmeric
  1 1/2 ts Chili Powder
    2/3 ts Yogurt
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 ts Coriander powder
      1 lb Potatoes
      1    Tomato
      1    Capsicum
 
  Heat oil, add bay leaf and onion.  Fry for 3-4 minutes. Add ginger and
  garlic and fry for another minute. Add mustard and cumin seeds. The
  potatoes should be sliced, and the tomatoes and capsicum cut up. Add
  these, mix well, and cook for 4-5 minutes, continuously stirring.
  Sprinkle with turmeric, coriander and chili powder. Beat the yogurt
  and blend into a smooth mixture.  Add yogurt and salt. Mix gently,
  cover and cook for about 10 minutes on low heat.
  
    Rajeev Krishnamoorthy, rajeev@twain.EE.CORNELL.EDU
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOO GOBI
 Categories: Vegetarian, Indian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Cauliflower
      4    Potatoes
    1/4 c  Oil
      1 ts Cumin seeds
           Ginger, fresh, 1"
      3    Garlic cloves
    3/4 ts Turmeric
      1 ts Red Chili Powder
      3    Tomatoes
      1 ts Garam Masala
      2 ts Coriander powder
 
  Cut cauliflower into flowerets.  Cube potatoes. Heat oil and saute
  cumin seeds for about a minute.  Add garlic and ginger, stir and add
  potatoes. Bhoona, add turmeric and chili powder, and bhoona again.
  Add tomatoes and simmer for about 5 minutes. Add cauliflower and high
  heat for about a minutes. Lower heat, cover and let simmer for about
  15 minutes. Curry should be damp-dry.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOO GOBI (CURRIED CAULIFLOWER & POTATOES)
 Categories: Vegetables, India
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      2 ea Hot green chilies, minced
      1 ea 1/2" piece of ginger root
      1 ts Cumin seeds
      1 ts Black mustard seeds
      4 tb Ghee
      3 md Potatoes, diced
      1 md Cauliflower in florets
      2 md Tomatoes, diced
    1/2 ts Turmeric
      2 ts Coriander
    1/2 ts Garam masala
      1 ts Brown sugar
      1 ts Salt
      3 tb Coarsely chopped coriander
 
  Combine chilies, ginger, cumin seeds & mustrad seeds in a small bowl.
  Heat ghee in a large pot.  When hot, add the spices. When the mustard
  seeds start to pop, drop in the potatoes & cauliflower. Fry for 4
  minutes or so.
  
  Add the tomatoes, turmeric, coriander, garam masala, sugar, salt &
  half the minced coriander.  Mix well, cover & gently heat for 15
  minutes. If the vegetables start to stick, add a few drops of water.
  Top with remaining coriander & serve.
  
  Yamuna Devi, "The Art of Indian Vegetarian Cooking"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOO GOBI MASALA
 Categories: Side dish, Indian, Vegetables
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
     12 oz Potaotes, diced
     20 oz Cauliflower florets
      1 lg Tomato, diced
      8 oz Onion, thinly sliced
           Salt & cayenne, to taste
    1/2 ts Turmeric
    1/2 ts Basil leaves
      1 ts Cumin seeds
      1 oz Lemon juice
      1 ea 1/2" piece ginger
      2 ea Garlic cloves
      2 oz Vinegar
           Canola oil
      4 oz Cilantro leaves
      1 ea Jalapeno
      2 ea Green onions
 
  Boil diced potatoes and cauliflower florets in water with salt,
  cayenne, turmeric and 1 tbs canola oil. Remove cauliflower florets as
  they will be done before the potatoes. The vegetables should be
  cooked but firm. Grind ginger and garlic. If fresh ginger is not
  available, use 1/2 tsp ginger powder. Finely chop the cilantro, green
  onion and jalapeno. Mix slice onion with basil, binegar and olive
  oil. Marinate 10-15 minutes. In a small wok on medium heat, add 1 tb
  canola oil. When hot, add the cumin seeds. Fry until light brown. Add
  the onions. Cook until opaque. Add ginger and garlic. Saut for a few
  minutes. Add the potatoes, cauliflower and the diced tomato. If the
  vegetables stick to the pan, add a little water to keep it moist.
  Simmer until vegetables are done. Sprinkle with chopped cilantro,
  lemon juice and sliced tomato before serving.
  
  From the Taj Mahal, New Orleans, LA in "The Vegetable Lovers Guide to
  New Orleans Restaurants" by Gay Sperling pp. 54-55 Adapted recipe.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOO GOBI~ MARK'S VERSION
 Categories: Side dish, Indian, Vegetables, Mark's
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 tb Vegetable oil
      4 md Potatoes, cut into bite-
           -- sized pieces
      1 md Cauliflower, cut into bite-
           -- sized pieces
    1/8 ts Asafetida
      1 ts Black mustard seeds
      1 ts Whole cumin seeds
      1 ea 1" piece ginger, grated
      3 ea Dried red chiles
      1 ea Bay leaf
      2 ts Coriander, powdered
      1 ts Turmeric
      1 ts Garam masala
           Salt & pepper
    1/4 c  Cilantro, minced
 
  Heat oil until it is hot in a large, strong saucepan. Drop in the
  prepared potatoes & cauliflower & stir well until all the pieces are
  basted in the oil. Reduce heat to very low & cook gently, stirring
  occasionally & carefully, for 5 minutes.  Add the asafetida & a few
  seconds later the cumin seeds, followed by the black mustard seeds.
  Stir well & allow to continue cooking for 5 minutes or until the
  vegetables are almost cooked through.
  
  Stir in the rest of the spices in the order listed. If you want your
  aloo gobi hotter, crumble the chiles. If not, leave whole & then
  remove before serving.  Mix well & let simmer over the very low heat
  for another 7 minutes.  If it sticks, sprinkle in a few drops of
  water, but try to avoid doing this if possible.  The vegetables
  should now be well cooked. Stir in the cilantro, being careful notb
  to break the vegetables. Serve immediately.
  
  Recipe by Mark Satterly
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOO KO ACHAR (POTATO SALAD)
 Categories: Ethnic, Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Potatoes, small size if
           -possible
      4    Jalapeno peppers, optional,
           -Seeded & sliced into long
           -strips
      1    Lime, juice of
           Salt to taste
    1/4 c  Sesame seeds, roasted,
           - ground, optional
      1 ts Tumeric powder
      1 ts Cumin seeds
      2    To 3 Chilies, whole, dried
      3 ts Corn oil, or mustard oil
           -mustard gives best flavor
    1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Coriander, fresh, chopped
 
  Boil potatoes in jackets. When done, peel & cut into small pieces. In
  a suitable bowl, combine potatoes, tumeric, salt, ground sesame
  seeds, lime juice, half of the green coriander and water and mix
  thoroughly. In a small pan heat mustard oil until hot; add cumin
  seeds and red chilies. Fry them until brown and then add jalepeno
  pepper. Let it cook a minute or so. Pour it over potatoes in the bowl
  and mix them thoroughly; garnish with remaining green coriander
  leaves.
  
  SERVES: 6-8 SOURCE: Bhadrika Sharma, Bramalea, Ontario in _Ethnic
  Eating: The Canadian Scene Cookbook_ (Canadian Scene is a news and
  information service for Canada's ethnic media). posted by Anne
  MacLellan
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOO MATAR RASEDAAR
 Categories: Vegetarian, Indian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      5 tb Ghee
      1 md Onion, chopped
      2 ea Garlic cloves, chopped
      2 ea Cloves
      2 ea Bay leaves
      1 ea 1 inch cinnamon stick
      1 ts Garam masala
      1 ts Chili powder
    1/2 ts Turmeric
    1/2 ts Coriander
      2 ea Tomatoes, quartered
           Salt to taste
      2 md Potatoes, cubed
    1/2 c  Green peas
  1 1/4 c  Water
           Chopped cilantro
 
  Heat ghee & saute onion & garlic over medium heat till golden. Add
  cloves, bay leaves & cinnamon.  Stir fry for 2 minutes.
  
  Add garam masala, chili powder, turmeric, coriander, tomatoes & salt.
  Mix well.  Add potatoes & peas. Pour in water & bring to a boil.
  
  Lower heat, cover the pan & simmer gently for 15 minutes, or until the
  potatoes are done.
  
  Garnish with coriander leaves & serve hot.
  
  Michael Pandya, "Indian Vegetarian Cooking"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOO MATTAR RASEDAAR
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      5 tb Ghee
      2    Garlic cloves; chopped
      2    Whole cloves
      2    Bay leaves
      1    Cinnamon stick (1")
      1 ts Garam masala
      1 ts Chili powder
    1/2 ts Tumeric
    1/2 ts Coriander
      2    Tomatoes; quartered
           Salt; to taste
      2 md Potatoes
           - cut into bite-sized pieces
    1/2 c  Green peas
  1 1/4 c  Warm water
 
  Heat the ghee in a pot & saute the onion & garlic over medium heat
  till golden.  Add cloves, bay leaves & cinnamon stick. Stir fry for 2
  minutes. Add garam masala, chili powder, tumeric, coiander, tomatoes,
  salt & mix well.  Add potatoes & peas.  Pour in water & bring to a
  boil. Lower heat, cover pot & simmer for 15 minutes. Serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALOO SAAG
 Categories: Side dish, Indian, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 tb Oil
      1 ea Onion, chopped
      4 ea Curry leaves
      6 ea Fenugreek seeds
    1/4 ts Kalonji
      2 ea Tomatoes, sliced
      1 ts Garlic pulp
      1 ts Chili powder
  1 1/2 ts Coriander
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Mango powder
      6 ea Potatoes
      9 oz Frozen spinach
    1/4 pt Water
      2 ea Red chiles, sliced
      2 tb Cilantro, chopped
     10 ea Pieces ginger, shredded
 
  Heat oil & saute the onion, curry leaves, fenugreek & kalonji until
  they hae changed colour.  Reduce teh heat to medium & add the
  tomatoes, garlic, chili powder, coriander, salt & mango powder.
  Stir-fry for 3 to 5 minutes before adding the spinach and the
  potatoes. Continue to stir-fry for 5 minutes.
  
  Add water, cover & cook over a low heat for 10 to 15 minutes. When the
  potatoes are cooked through, add the red chiles & the cilantro. Mix
  thoroughly & transfer to a serving dish. Garnish with the shredded
  ginger & serve with chapatis.
  
  Shehzad Husain, "Vegetarian Indian Cookery"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALPENFLORENTINER
 Categories: Kuchen, Gebaeck, Pralinen
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------------VERSION 1------------------------------
           1 El Butter
           100 g Zucker
           1 P Vanillezucker
           75 g Orangeat
           160 g Mandelblaettchen
           Backoblaten

MMMMM-------------------------VERSION 2------------------------------
           1 1/2 El Butter
           125 g Zucker
           1 P Vanillezucker
           1 Flaeschchen Alpensahne
           100 g Orangeat oder
           1/2 Zitronat oder
           1 Zitroback
           200 g Mandelblaettchen
 
    Butter, Zucker und Vanillezucker unter Ruehren leicht in der Pfanne
  braeunen. Alpensahne gut unterruehren. Orangeat und Mandelblaettchen
  untermengen, bis die Masse fest wird. Auf Backoblaten verteilen und
  bei 200GradC etwa 10 Minuten backen.
  
  Zubereitungszeit     10 Minuten Backzeit 10 Minuten
  
  Erfasser: Lothar Datum: 13.01.1993 Stichworte: Kuchen, Gebaeck
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALPHA'S PEANUT BUTTER FUDGE
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Sugar
      5 oz Evaporated milk
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 tb Light corn syrup
     18 oz Peanut butter
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  In a medium saucepan, dissolve sugar in evaporated milk. Add butter
  (cut in pieces) and corn syrup, and, stirring constantly, cook over
  low heat until butter is melted. Continue cooking, stirring
  frequently, to soft ball stage. Remove from heat and mix in peanut
  butter. Cool to about 120 degrees F and mix in vanilla. Spread in
  suitable size pan (the larger the pan, the thinner each piece of
  candy will be; I use a 8x8 pan). Fudge will still be very soft at
  this stage; it takes a few hours to set up.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALPHABET COOKIES
 Categories: Desserts, Cookies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 ea STICKS BUTTER OR MARGARINE
    3/4 c  SUGAR
      1 ea EGG
    1/2 ts VANILLA OR ALMOND
      1 x  EXTRACT (to taste)
      2 c  ALL PURPOSE FLOUR
    1/4 ts BAKING POWDER
    1/4 ts SALT
      1 x  MILK FOR BRUSHING ON TOP OF
      1 x  SUGAR FOR DECORATING
 
  Use an electric mixer and beat butter or margarine until soft. Add
  3/4 cup sugar and beat until fluffy. Add egg and vanilla or almond
  flavoring and beat again. Mix flour, baking powder, and salt together
  and add to butter-sugar-egg mixture a little bit at a time. Divide
  the dough into 2 parts, wrap in plastic wrap and put in the
  refrigerator for 30 minutes to get hard enough to play with like
  modeling clay. Then make small balls of dough and roll into ropes.
  Shape the ropes into numbers or letters on an ungreased cookie sheet,
  leaving a little space between them. Brush with a little milk,
  sprinkle on a bit of sugar and bake at 375 degrees F for about 10
  minutes.  Cool on a rack.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALPHABET SOUP
 Categories: Restaurants, Pasta, Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------MICKEY'S GOURMET CKBK------------------------
    1/4 c  Carrots, diced
    1/4 c  Rutabaga, diced
    1/4 c  Celery, diced
    1/4 c  Onion, diced
      1 c  Crushed tomatoes
    1/4 c  Peas
    1/4 c  Froz green beans
      2 tb Pearl barley, cooked, cooled
    1/4 c  Alphabet pasta, cooked, cool
      3 c  Water
      2    Chicken bouillon cubes
      2    Beef bouillon cubes
      2 tb Cornstarch dissolved in
    1/4 c  Water
 
  50's Prime Time Cafe, Disney-MGM Studios Theme Park In soup pot, add
  water and bouillon. Bring to boil; simmer, covered, 15 mins. Add
  carrots, rutabaga, celery, and onions; simmer 15 mins or until tender
  but not mushy. Separately cook, rinse, drain, and cool barley and
  alphabet pasta; set aside. After vegs are tender, add tomatoes, peas,
  and green beans. Simmer an additional 5 mins; stir in cornstarch and
  water. Allow soup to thicken slightly and add barley and pasta. Heat
  only long enough to warm all ingreds.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALPHABET VEGETABLE SOUP
 Categories: Soups/stews, Low fat
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  Garden Vegetable Mix; thawed
      1 qt Vegetable juice cocktail
    1/2 ts Seasoned pepper
    3/4 ts Salt
    2/3 c  Alphabet macaroni
      1 c  Potatoes; peeled & cubed
      1 c  Cooked beef or chicken (opt.
           - cubed
 
  In a large saucepan, combine Garden Vegetable mix, vegetable juice
  cocktail, seasoned pepper and salt. Bring to a boil. Add alphabet
  macaroni and potatoes. Reduce haet to medium. Cook uncovered about 12
  to 15 minutes., until macaroni and potatoes are tender.
  
  Other shapes of pasta may be used (i.e. broken spaghetti), and
  leftover potatoes, cubed, can be used in place of raw; add them 5
  minutes before soup is done. Leftover cubed chicken or beef is also
  good in this.
  
  From:  _Make-A-Mix Cookery_ by Harward, Eliason & Westover (o.p.)
  adapted by Linda Shogren (TEECH@genie.geis.com) From: Lyn Ortiz Date:
       13    Sep 96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALPINE
 Categories: Bev/alcohol, Lois', Alcohol
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    3/4 ts Peppermint extract
      1    Shot vodka
  4 1/2    Scoops chocolate drink mix
      1    Large mug
      2 c  Hot water
 
  heat water to just below boiling and pour into mug. Add cocoa mix,
  stir and then add extract and vodka.
  
  You can also use peppermint schnapps instead of the peppermint
  extract and vodka.  Add one or two shots depending on personal taste.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALPINE MUSHROOM SALAD
 Categories: New america, Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Chanterelle mushrooms; quart
      1 c  Porcini mushrooms; cut into
      1 ts Garlic; chopped
      1 c  Tomatoes; peeled,seeded,dice
      2 tb Fresh basil; chopped
      3 tb Olive oil
      3 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Balsamic vinegar
    1/2 c  Sun-dried tomatoes; diced
    1/4 c  Italian parsley; chopped
 
  Recipe by: Richard Chamberlain, Restaurant at the Little Nell, Aspen
  Preparation Time: 0:20 Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. On a sheet pan,
  place the mushrooms, garlic, and olive oil. Toss. Season. Bake in
  oven until light brown. Remove. Toss with remaining ingredients. Keep
  at room temperature.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALPINE WHITE HAZELNUT CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
      1 pk (18.5 oz.) white cake mix
    1/4 c  Hazelnut liqueur or extract
    1/4 c  Finely chopped hazelnuts
           -roasted Oregon hazelnuts
    1/2 c  Raspberries
           -(fresh or frozen & thawed)
      1    Alpine White candy bar
           -warmed & shaved into curls
           Roasted Oregon hazelnuts
           -(whole), for garnish

MMMMM--------------------------FROSTING-------------------------------
      8 oz Cream cheese
    1/2 c  Butter
     16 oz Powdered sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 ts Hazelnut liqueur or extract
 
  Prepare and bake white cake mix in two layers according to package
  directions, except substitute 1/4 cup hazelnut liqueur or extract for
  1/4 cup water. Cool on racks. For frosting, cream together butter and
  cream cheese, then add remaining frosting ingredients. (Add a few
  drops of milk or cream if it becomes too thick.) Frost center of
  bottom layer of cake, sprinkle with chopped hazelnuts (reserving 2
  teaspoons), and arrange raspberries over all. Top with 2nd layer of
  cake and continue icing. When finished,  arrange candy bar curls in
  center of cake, and sprinkle remaining chopped Oregon hazelnuts and
  whole hazelnuts. Cut into slices and serve.
  
  * COOKFDN brings you this recipe with permission from: * Oregon
  Hazelnut Industry and The Hazelnut Marketing Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALSATIAN CASSOULET
 Categories: Vegetarian, Stews
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lg Red cabbage; thinly sliced
      2 lg Heads cauliflower; cut into
           -florets
      2 c  Cooked seitan; chopped
      2 c  Unpeeled apples; sliced
      2 c  White beans; cooked
      2 tb Caraway seeds
    1/2 c  Shallots; chopped
      3 c  Vegetable stock or dark beer
      1 tb Pepper
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
 
   Preheat oven to 450 deg.
  
   Combine all ingredietns, except flour, in a large roasting pan or
  casserole dish. Sprinkle top with flour.
  
   Place in oven and cook, uncovered, for 30 minutes.
  
   Reduce heat to 250 deg. Cover and cook for 20 hours, stirring
  occasionally. Serve hot.
  
   Per serving: 442 cal; 43 g prot; 132 mg sod; 64 g carb; 5 g fat; 0 mg
  chol; 116 mg calcium
  
   Source: Vegetarian Gourmet, Winter 93/MM by DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALSATIAN CHEESE TART
 Categories: Pies, Desserts, Cheese
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------SWEET PIE DOUGH---------------------------
      4 c  Cake flour
    5/8 c  Sugar
  2 1/2    Skicks sweet butter
      1    Whole egg
        ds Fresh lemon juice
        pn Fresh vanilla bean seeds OR
      2 dr To 3 drops vanilla extract

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
     16 oz Fromage blanc OR
           -Farmer's cheese OR
           -Ricotta cheese
    3/4 c  Heavy cream
      4 lg Eggs, separated
      2 tb Kirsch
    3/4 c  To 1 cup sugar
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 ts Vanilla extract
           Grated rind of 1/2 lemon
 
  DOUGH:  Mix all ingredients well, without overworking dough. Allow
  dough to rest 30 minutes before use.
  
  Preheat oven to 375F.  Roll out dough on floured surface and line the
  bottom and sides of a 9-inch to 10-inch tart/pie pan with the dough.
  Beat fromage blanc and cream together in a bowl; add egg yolks,
  sugar, cinnamon, vanilla, kirsch, and lemon rind.  Mix thoroughly
  until very smooth. Beat egg whites until stiff and gently fold into
  the batter. Pour the batter into the pastry-lined pan.  Bake for 40
  to 45 minutes, or until slightly puffed and very brown.  Cool tart
  completely, then chill for several hours before cutting.
  
  Per serving (10): 625 calories, 9 g protein, 35 g fat, 70 g
  carbohydrate, 231 mg cholesterol, 306 mg sodium
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALSATIAN GRATIN OF ROOTS (LACTO)
 Categories: Digest, Feb95
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      3 lg Onions finely chopped
      4 lg Carrots (1 lb) chopped
      3 c  Broth chicken, beef, or
           Vegetable
      3 lb Potatoes (about 6large)
      1 lb (2 medium) rutabagas
    1/2 c  Minced fresh parsley
      1 ea Nutmeg to taste
    3/4 c  Jarlsberg cheese (I used ff
           Cheese instead)
 
  In a 5-6 quart pan (I used a small roaster) cook onions and carrots
  in 1/2 cup of broth until softened. Add to this the parsley.
  
  Peel and thinly slice the potatoes and rutabagas. Arrange half of the
  potato/rutabaga combo in the bottom of the pan (I sprayed with Pam
  first). Top with half the onion/carrot mixture. Repeat with the other
  half of the ingredients.  Over the top, pour the rest of the broth.
  
  Cover and bake for 1 1/2 hours in a 425 degree oven. Top with cheese
  and sprinkle with nutmeg.  Broil until cheese is browned.
  
  Makes 10-12 servings
  
  Comment: I wanted to share a recipe which I have been making this
  winter for my family.  It is a good cold weather dish. It makes
  enough for a crowd ~ my family (2 adults and 3 teens) only eat about
  half. This can be made ahead and chilled until ready to use.
  
  Source: Sunset Magazine. November, 1991  "Vegetables, pilaf, wild
  rice".
  
  Posted by SANDY BETH - WINONAPL <SANDRA_B@selco.lib.mn.us> to the
  Fatfree Digest [Volume 15 Issue 15] Feb. 15, 1995.
  
  Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen
  Mintzias, km@salata.com.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALSATIAN ONION PIE
 Categories: Vegetarian, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Oil (he recommends corn)
      3 lg Onions; finely diced
      1 c  Soy milk
    1/3 c  Firm tofu; crushed by hand
  1 1/2 ts Sea salt
    1/4 ts Black pepper
    1/8 ts Nutmeg
      2 tb Unbleached flour
      1 tb Couscous
      1    Wholewheat pie shell
           -in a 10-inch tart shell
 
  Saute onions in oil (I added 1/2 cup water to prevent burning, or you
  could substitute water for the oil to reduce fat), until translucent
  and mostly soft.  Blend the soy milk, tofu, salt, pepper, nutmeg, and
  flour until smooth.  Then combine the onions, the soy milk mixture
  and the couscous. Pour into the prepared pie shell. Bake in a
  preheated oven at 350 degrees F for about 30 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALSATIAN PLUM TART-TARTE AUX PRUNES D'ALSACE
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes, Fruits
      Yield: 6 To 8 servi
 
           Butter
      7    Large red plums, pitted,
           -each cut into 8 wedges
      4 tb Sugar
      1    Pate Sucree Dough
           -see separate recipe
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      1    Egg white, beaten to blend
           Vanilla ice cream
 
  Preheat oven to 400F.  Line baking sheet with foil; butter foil. Place
  plums on prepared sheet, spacing evenly. Sprinkle with 2 tablespoons
  sugar. Bake until plums are tender but stil hold shape, about 30
  minutes. Cool plums on sheet.
  
  Roll out dough on floured surface to 12-inch-diameter round. Transfer
  pastry to center of another heavy large baking sheet. Overlap plums in
  concentric circles on pastry, forming 9-inch-diameter circle in
  center. Combine remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and cinnamon in small
  bowl. Sprinkle sugar mixture over plums. Fold edge of pastry over
  plums, pinching to seal any cracks in pastry.  Brush crust twice with
  egg white.
  
  Bake tart until crust is golden, about 25 minutes. Run thin sharp
  knife carefully under tart edges to loosen from sheet. Cool 15 to 30
  minutes. Serve tart slightly warm with ice cream.
  
  Bon Appetit/May 94 Typed by Didi Pahl
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALSATIAN POTATO PUFFS
 Categories: Potatoes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Potatoes
      2 tb Flour
      2    Eggs  -- Beaten
      1    Clove Garlic  -- Crushed
      2 tb Chopped Parsley
      1 tb Butter  -- Melted
 
  Peel, boil, and mash the potatoes.  Blend the flour, eggs, garlic,
  parsley, and melted butter into the potatoes. Add salt, pepper and
  nutmeg to taste. Mix well and place large tablespoons of the mixture
  (not quite touching) in a buttered baking dish.  Bake in a 325 oven
  for about 12 minutes. Sprinkle with paprika. Run under broiler to
  brown. From: Country Inn & Bread & Breakfast Cookbook
  
  Recipe By     : Sue Klapper - KCXJ08A
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALTDEUTXCHE BROTCHEN (OLD GERMAN MUFFINS)
 Categories: German, Breads, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Butter Or Margarine
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ea Eggs; Large
      1 tb Rum
      1 ts Vanilla Extract
      3 tb Milk
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      2 ts Baking Powder
  2 1/4 c  Flour; Unbleached
    1/4 c  Almonds; Ground
      1 tb Orange Rind; Grated
    1/4 c  Raisins; If Desired
 
  Cream butter and sugar.  Beat in eggs, rum, vanilla, and milk. Mix
  cinnamon, baking powder, and flour. Add flour mixture to butter
  mixture. Gently mix in almonds, orange rind, and raisins. Pour batter
  into greased muffin tins, filling half full.  Bake at 375 degrees F.
  for 25 to 30 minutes, or until browned. Makes 18 muffins.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALTERNATIVE CABBAGE ROLLS
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetarian, Mark's
      Yield: 8 Rolls
 
MMMMM-----------------------CABBAGE LEAVES----------------------------
      1 ea Head cabbage
           Water, to poach
      1 pn Salt

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      1 c  Bulgur
  1 3/4 c  Boiling water
    1/2 c  Pine nuts, toasted, ground
      1 tb Oil
      1 lg Onion, finely diced
      3 ea Garlic cloves, minced
      1 lg Carrot, finely diced
      1 ts Thyme
      1 tb Basil
      2 ts Sweet Hungarian paprika
      2 tb Soy sauce
           Black pepper, to taste

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      4 lg Tomatoes
      2 ea Garlic cloves
      1 ts Basil
      1 tb Parsley
      1 pn Oregano
    1/2 c  Water
 
  Bring water & salt to a boil in a pot large enough to hold the whole
  head of cabbage.  When it boils, place the whole cabbage in the pot &
  poach it until the outer leaves can be pulled away without tearing.
  Set aside 8 large leaves with no holes in them.
  
  Place bulgur in a bowl & pour boiling water over. Fluff with a fork &
  set aside until all the water has been absorbed. Fluff occasionally.
  When the water has been absorbed, mix in the ground pine nuts.
  
  Heat oil in a skillet.  Saute the onion, garlic & carrots over a low
  heat for about 5 minutes.  Be careful not to overcook the vegetables,
  but you do need them to be soft.  Stir in the herbs & the paprika &
  saute for a few minutes longer.  Mix in the soy sauce & cook for
  another minute. Remove from the heat & mix into the prepared
  bulgur-pine nut mixture. Stir well, grind in black pepper & check the
  seasoning.
  
  Place an eighth of the filling on each cabbage leaf & roll up,
  folding in the sides as you roll, ensuring that you have a tight
  roll. Transfer to a large baking dish, lightly oiled.
  
  Put all the sauce ingredients in a food processor & puree into a light
  sauce.  Pour over the cabbage rolls. Cover with foil & bake in a
  preheated oven at 350F for 40 minutes. Serve over rice.
  
  Recipe by Mark Satterly
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALU BAGAN
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetarian, Potato
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    CAThie Coppolino (TDDB08B)
      2 lg Onions, chopped
      6 x  Garlic cloves, minced
      4 lg Potatoes, peeled, chopped
      1 lg Eggplant, peeled, chopped
    1/2 lb (or more) Mushrooms, halved
      2 lg Tomatoes, chopped, OR 1 (16
           -ounce) can chopped tomatoes
           With juice
      2 ts Tumeric
      2 ts Curry powder
    1/4 ts Red chilli powder
      2 ts Ground cumin
      1 tb Sugar
    3/4 ts Ground ginger
      1 ts (or more) salt
           Olive oil (as needed)
           Water (as needed)
 
  In large skillet or electric frying pan, heat oil and saute onions and
  garlic until onions are golden. Add potatoes, eggplant, and mushrooms
  and cook over medium-high heat ten minutes. Add tomatoes and all
  spices to mixture along with 1 C. water. Cover and simmer, stirring
  occasionally, until veggies are cooked, about 30 to 40 minutes. You
  may need to add more water or oil as it evaporates. Serve with warmed
  whole wheat tortillas. We like to serve burrito style after spreading
  the tortilla with butter.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALU CURRY
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Coconut oil*
      2 tb Curry powder
      1 x  Slices of green mango,
      1 x  Peeked (optional)
      2 ea Garlic cloves, minced
      2 lb Potatoes, peeled and
      1 c  Water
      1 x  Salt
 
    Heat the coconut oil in a large skillet and fry the garlic until
  golden, stirring constantly.  Remove the garlic from the oil and
  discard. Add the curry powder to the oil and saute for 5 minutes,
  stirring constantly. Add the potatoes, mango, water, and salt to
  taste. Reduce the heat, cover, and simmer until the potatoes are
  tender, about 15 minutes. Serve as a vegetarian lunch, supper, or
  snack. * The coconut oil can be found in any market that sells
  tropical foods.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALU GOSHT KARI (MEAT & POTATO CURRY)
 Categories: India, Beef
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 kg Skirt steak
           (1 1/2 lb)
    1/4 c  Oil
      1 ts Black mustard seeds
    1/2 ts Fenugreek seeds
      6 cl Garlic, crushed
      1 tb Ginger, finely
           Chopped
      3 md Onions,
           Finely sliced
  1 1/2 ts Turmeric
      2 tb Coriander
      1 tb Cumin
      2 ts Chilli powder
      3 ts Salt
      2 tb Vinegar
      2 ts Garam masala
      2 tb Extra vinegar
    750 g  Cubed potatoes (3/4 lb)
      2 tb Fresh coriander
 
  Cut steak into cubes.  Heat oil and fry mustard seeds till they
  burst. Add fenugreek, garlic, ginger and onion. Fry until onions are
  golden. Add turmeric and fry 1 minute. Add coriander, cumin and
  chilli. Stir well. Add salt and vinegar, and fry until liquid
  evaporates. Sprinkle in the garam masala and mix well. Add meat and
  turn till coated. Add extra vinegar if spices start to stick. Reduce
  heat, cover and simmer for 1.5 to 2 hours. Add cubed potatoes and
  cover. Cook for a further 20-30 minutes or until potatoes are cooked.
  Garnish with fresh coriander. WALT Philippa Jane Wightman P.O. Box
  270, The Gap Q Australia
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALU GOSHT KARI (MEAT & POTATO CURRY)
 Categories: India, Beef
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 kg Skirt steak
           (1 1/2 lb)
    1/4 c  Oil
      1 ts Black mustard seeds
    1/2 ts Fenugreek seeds
      6 cl Garlic, crushed
      1 tb Ginger, finely
           Chopped
      3 md Onions,
           Finely sliced
  1 1/2 ts Turmeric
      2 tb Coriander
      1 tb Cumin
      2 ts Chilli powder
      3 ts Salt
      2 tb Vinegar
      2 ts Garam masala
      2 tb Extra vinegar
    750 g  Cubed potatoes (3/4 lb)
      2 tb Fresh coriander
 
  Cut steak into cubes.  Heat oil and fry mustard seeds till they
  burst. Add fenugreek, garlic, ginger and onion. Fry until onions are
  golden. Add turmeric and fry 1 minute. Add coriander, cumin and
  chilli. Stir well. Add salt and vinegar, and fry until liquid
  evaporates. Sprinkle in the garam masala and mix well. Add meat and
  turn till coated. Add extra vinegar if spices start to stick. Reduce
  heat, cover and simmer for 1.5 to 2 hours. Add cubed potatoes and
  cover. Cook for a further 20-30 minutes or until potatoes are cooked.
  Garnish with fresh coriander. WALT Philippa Jane Wightman P.O. Box
  270, The Gap Q Australia
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALU MATAR (POTATOES & PEAS IN ONION-TOMATO
 Categories: Indian, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Small Potatoes
      2 md Onions
      3    Garlic cloves
      1    Ginger, fresh 1/2" piece
      3 tb Vegetable oil
      1 pn Asafoetida, crushed, opt
    1/2 ts Cumin seeds
           Salt, to taste
    1/4 ts Cayenne pepper
    1/2 ts Tumeric, ground
      2 lg Tomatoes, chopped coarsely
      1 c  Peas
    1/4 c  Water
    1/2 ts Garam masala
 
  "One of the better known dishes of Uttar Pradesh cuisine, this is a
  favorite at occasions ranging from a wedding buffet to a family
  picnic. It goes exceptionally well with Deep Fried Wheat Bread, a
  raita and Pumpkin with Onions and Fenugreek."
  
  Cook the potatoes until tender. Peel and set aside. In the container
  of a blender or food processor, mince together the onions, garlic and
  ginger. In a large heavy-bottomed skillet over medium heat, warm the
  oil. Add the asafoetida (if used) and cumin. When spices darken (1 to
  2 seconds) add the minced onion mixture and saute until browned
  (about 12 minutes). Add the salt, cayenne, tumeric and tomatoes and
  cook until they soften (about 5 minutes). add the peas and water;
  reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for 5 minutes. Halve the
  cooked potatoes if they seem too large. Add them to the pan and cook
  covered for another 5 minutes. Mix in the garam masala just before
  serving. SERVES: 4 with other dishes
  
  Source: _From Bengal to Punjab: The Cuisines of India_ by Smita
  Chandra posted by Anne MacLellan
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALU MATAR (POTATOES & PEAS IN ONION-TOMATO SA
 Categories: India, Potatoes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Small Potatoes
      2 md Onions
      3    Garlic cloves
      1    Ginger, fresh 1/2" piece
      3 tb Vegetable oil
      1 pn Asafoetida, crushed, opt
    1/2 ts Cumin seeds
           Salt, to taste
    1/4 ts Cayenne pepper
    1/2 ts Turmeric, ground
      2 lg Tomatoes, chopped coarsely
      1 c  Peas
    1/4 c  Water
    1/2 ts Garam masala
 
  "One of the better known dishes of Uttar Pradesh cuisine, this is a
  favorite at occasions ranging from a wedding buffet to a family
  picnic. It goes exceptionally well with Deep Fried Wheat Bread, a
  raita and Pumpkin with Onions and Fenugreek."
  
  Cook the potatoes until tender. Peel and set aside. In the container
  of a blender or food processor, mince together the onions, garlic and
  ginger. In a large heavy-bottomed skillet over medium heat, warm the
  oil. Add the asafoetida (if used) and cumin. When spices darken (1 to
  2 seconds) add the minced onion mixture and saute until browned
  (about 12 minutes). Add the salt, cayenne, tumeric and tomatoes and
  cook until they soften (about 5 minutes). add the peas and water;
  reduce the heat to low, cover and cook for 5 minutes. Halve the
  cooked potatoes if they seem too large. Add them to the pan and cook
  covered for another 5 minutes. Mix in the garam masala just before
  serving. SERVES: 4 with other dishes
  
  Source: _From Bengal to Punjab: The Cuisines of India_ by Smita
  Chandra posted by Anne MacLellan
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALU MATAR (POTATOES & PEAS)-FLAVORS OF INDI
 Categories: Vegetables, East/orient
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Peas
      2 lg Potatoes, 1/2 inch cubes
      1 c  Chopped tomato
      2    Cloves minced garlic
    1/2 c  Onion, chopped
      4 tb Oil
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Garam masala
    1/4 ts Tumeric
    1/4 ts Ground coriander
      1 c  Water
    1/4 ts Cayenne
 
  In heavy frying pan, heat oil over low heat.  Add onion and garlic
  and cook till light brown.  Add tomato and all spices except cayenne.
  Cook for 5 min, continually stirring to form a well blended sauce.
  
  Add potatoes and stir for a minute to cover with sauce. Add water and
  cook covered over med. heat for 10 min. Remove cover and add peas.
  Lower heat and cook another 15 min. At the end, both vegetables
  should be done but not too soft or mushy.  Taste for seasoning and
  add cayenne for desired hotness.
  
  (adapted from Flavors of India by Shanta Sacharoff)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALU MATAR (POTATOES & PEAS)-FLAVORS OF INDI
 Categories: Vegetables, East/orient
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Peas
      2 lg Potatoes, 1/2 inch cubes
      1 c  Chopped tomato
      2    Cloves minced garlic
    1/2 c  Onion, chopped
      4 tb Oil
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Garam masala
    1/4 ts Tumeric
    1/4 ts Ground coriander
      1 c  Water
    1/4 ts Cayenne
 
  In heavy frying pan, heat oil over low heat.  Add onion and garlic
  and cook till light brown.  Add tomato and all spices except cayenne.
  Cook for 5 min, continually stirring to form a well blended sauce.
  
  Add potatoes and stir for a minute to cover with sauce. Add water and
  cook covered over med. heat for 10 min. Remove cover and add peas.
  Lower heat and cook another 15 min. At the end, both vegetables
  should be done but not too soft or mushy.  Taste for seasoning and
  add cayenne for desired hotness.
  
  (adapted from Flavors of India by Shanta Sacharoff) Submitted By
  "PAUL A. MEADOWS" <AG441@CCN.CS.DAL.CA> On 	TUE, 2 JAN 1996 174908
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALUR KHOSHA BHAJA
 Categories: Side dish, Indian, Bengali, Vegetables
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 tb Besan
      1 c  Potato peels, firmly packed
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      1 tb White poppyseeds
    1/8 ts Salt
      1 ds Cayenne
 
  Put besan in a paper bag & add potato peels.  Close the bag tightly &
  shake until the peels are evenly coated.
  
  Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-low heat.  Add poppyseeds &
  saute gently until lightly browned.  Add salt & cayenne. Add the
  peels & fry until they are a medium-brown & crisp. Stir constantly:
  this will take anywhere up to 15 minutes.  Remove from heat & serve
  hot or at room temperature.
  
  Bharti Kirchner, "The Healthy Cuisine of India: Recipes from the
  Bengal Region"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALUWALA ROTI
 Categories: Indian, Breads, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Roti
 
      2 c  Flour, whole wheat
      1 ts -Salt
           -Water for mixing
           Ghee; or oil for shallow
           -frying

MMMMM------------------------FOR FILLING-----------------------------
      4 md Potatoes
      1 sm Onion; grated
      1 ts -Salt
    1/2 ts -Pepper
      1 ts Coriander leaves; chopped
 
  Sift flour with salt. Slowly add water. Mix well. Make a stiff dough.
  Cover with a damp cloth for 20 minutes. Boil potatoes, peel and mash.
  Add salt, onion, pepper and coriander. Mix well. Divide into 8
  portions. Knead dough well until smooth and pliable. Divide into 6
  round balls. Flatten each ball slightly. Put one portion of filling
  in centre. Close up completely. Shape into round balls again. Roll
  out each ball on a lightly floured board into a round disk 6" (15 cm)
  diameter. Cook one at a time on a hot griddle over medium heat. Put
  about 1 or 2 tbsp ghee around the edge. Turn gently. Cook until sides
  turn golden brown in colour. Serve with yogurt. Vegetarian Kheema
  Roti: Instead of potato stuffing, used cooked and seasoned vegetarian
  minced meat (Anne's note: the preface lists "nutri nuggets"; I
  suspect that this is an Indian brand of TVP) for stuffing.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALVIN KERR'S ZEPHYR BUNS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      1 pk Active dry yeast
      2 tb Warm water -- 100-115 deg.
      2 tb Sugar
      1 ts Salt
      3    Eggs
      2 c  All-purpose flour -- sifted
    1/4 c  Melted butter
      1 ts Cool water
 
  Soften the yeast in warm water and stir in the sugar and salt to
  dissolve. In a bowl, beat 2 of the eggs and blend in the flour. Then
  stir in the yeast mixture and melted butter. Knead vigorously in the
  bowl with the hands till the dough leaves the sides of the bowl and
  is elastic, about 5 minutes. Make into a ball, put in a buttered
  bowl, and cover with plastic wrap.  Let rise in a warm, draft-free
  place for 1 1/2 hours, or until doubled in bulk. Punch down and
  divide into 18 equal pieces. Roll the pieces into balls and arrange,
  well separated, on a buttered baking sheet. Let rise 30 minutes, or
  until doubled in size. Brush with the remaining egg beaten with a
  teaspoon of water.  Bake in a preheated oven at 375 degrees for 10
  minutes, or until nicely browned. Cool on a rack. From Beard on Bread
  by James Beard.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALWAYS READY BRAN MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 24 Muffins
 
      3 c  Unprocessed wheat bran
      1 c  ;Water, boiling
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Margarine
      2    Eggs
  2 1/2 c  Flour, unbleached
  2 1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Buttermilk
           Raisins (opt.)
           Pecans (opt.)
 
  *    I use whole wheat flour and add water to the recipe.
  
  Put 1 c of the wheat bran in a small bowl.  Add the boiling water,
  stir once and let stand to soften.
  
  Cream the margarine and sugar in a mixing bowl.   Beat the eggs
  slightly and add to the margarine mixture, mixing well.
  
  Combine the flour soda and salt in a mixing bowl. Combine the wheat
  bran, the softened bran, and the flour mixture, and then combine with
  the egg/margarine/sugar mixture alternately with the buttermilk. Stir
  until thoroughly mixed.
  
  Pour into a plastic container with a tight lid.  Store in the
  refrigerator for a minimum of 12 hours and a maximum of 6 weeks.
  Makes 2 dozen.
  
  These muffins are made, stored in the refrigerator, and baked
  whenever they are wanted.  About 25 minutes before serving, preheat
  the oven to 400 degrees F. Spoon the batter into teflon-lined or
  buttered muffin tins, filling them 2/3 full.  Bake 18 minutes and
  serve.
  
  I like to add rasins and pecans to the muffin tins before cooking.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ALYCE MANTIA'S ALMOND BREAD PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts, Bakery
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------ALYCE MANTIA (KRBS41A------------------------
      6    Croissants; large, cut
           -crosswise in 1/2" slices
      8    Eggs; large, beaten slightly
      2 c  Sugar
      3 c  Half-and-half
      1 tb Amaretto
      2 ts Vanilla
    1/4 c  Almond paste; about 3 oz,
           -cut into bits
    1/2 c  Almonds; slivered
 
  Butter a baking pan, 9x13 and place the smallest croissant rounds in a
  lawyon in the bottom.  Then top with a layer of the larger ones,
  until all are arranged in the pan. Whisk the eggs and sugar together
  well, then whisk in the half-and-half, Amaretto and vanilla, mixing
  well. Pour over the croissant rounds. Sprinkle the almond paste over
  the top and push down with a spoon so that the bread absorbs the
  liquid. Let set for 10-20 minutes at room temperature. Sprinkle the
  almonds over the top and bake at 350 for 35-40 minutes, or until
  golden and puffed. Serve warm or at room temperature.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AM KA ACHAR (MANGO PICKLE)
 Categories: Pickles, Fruits, Indian
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
     24    Mangoes, unripe
      4 c  Oil
      3 tb Salt
      1 tb Coriander seeds
      1 tb White cumin seeds
      1 tb Mustard seeds
      1 tb Onion seeds
      1 tb Ground garlic
      1 c  Red chilli powder
 
  Wash the mangoes and wipe dry. Cut into quarters.
  
  Mix the salt into the mangoes and spread out on a tray or baking tin
  and dry in the sun 2 or 3 days, until the skin of the fruit becomes
  soft and pliable.
  
  Fry all the whole spices in 2 cups of the oil until they are light
  brown.
  
  Remove from the oil and grind to a smooth paste. Set aside.
  
  Put the rest of the oil in a saucepan and heat well. Add all the
  ground spices and stir for 1 minute. Add all the dry mangoes.
  
  Stir together over fire very briefly and remove immediately.
  
  Allow to cool completely to room temperature. When cool, place the
  achar in airtight containers and store at room temperature. This
  achar can be preserved for at least one year.
  
                                    Compiled by Imran Chaudhary
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AM KA MURABBA (GREEN MANGO PRESERVE)
 Categories: Jam/jelly, Indian
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 lb Mangoes
  1 1/4 pt Water
      2 oz Almonds; toasted/blanched
      1 ts Citric acid
      6 dr Kewra essence OR 1 tb ruh
           -kewra
      3 lb Sugar
      8    Green cardamom; seeds only
 
  Wash, peel, cut the mangoes into large slices and prick all over with
  a fork. Or cut them into fancy shapes and do not prick. Tie the slices
  loosely in a piece of muslin, and simmer for 5 to 7 minutes in 1
      1/4    pint of boiling water.
  
  Remove and dry them on a piece of cloth. Add sugar and citric acid to
  the water in which mango slices were boiled. Cook to one-thread
  consistency (remove the scum from the surface of the syrup). Add
  mango slices, simmer till the syrup thickens and the slices become
  tender and slightly translucent. Leave for 12 hours.
  
  Remove the slices from the syrup if they are sufficiently tender. Tie
  the crushed cardamom seeds in a piece of muslin and add this to the
  syrup. Boil till it again acquires one-thread consistency.
  
  Remove the muslin containing the cardamom seeds, squeeze out the
  juice and discard the seeds. Add mango slices and peeled halves of
  blanced almonds and cook for a few minutes more. Remove from the heat
  and cool.
  
  Add ruh kewra or essence and pour into hot clean glass jars,
  previously cleaned with boiling hot water. Fill just short of
  overflowing, put a disc of 2 to 3 layers of greaseproof or waxed
  paper over the mouth of the jar and cover with a screw-cap.
  
  Source: "Mrs. Balbir Singh's Indian Cookery"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMANA COLESLAW
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables, Salli's
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  3 1/2 c  Shredded cabbage
    3/4 c  Shredded carrots
    1/2 c  Finely diced celery
    1/4 c  Finely diced white onion
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
    1/4 ts Lemon pepper
      2 ts Prepared horseradish
      2 tb Sugar
      1 tb White vinegar
      2 ts Celery seed
 
  In a medium bowl, combine cabbage, carrots, celery and onion. In small
  bowl, combine the mayonnaise, lemon pepper, horse- radish, sugar,
  vinegar and celery seed. Add to vegetable mixture. Mix well. Cover
  and refrigerate at least 1 hour. Makes 6 (2/3 cup) servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMANDA'S ANGEL FOOD CAKE
 Categories: Penndutch, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     11 ea Egg white
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Flour
      1 ts Cream of tartar
    1/8 ts Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Sift the dry ingredients together 4 times. Beat the egg whites until
  dry. Fold dry ingredients into eggs. Add flavoring and bake at 250-F
  for 1 hour. This cake should be baked in an ungreased angel food pan.
  Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book - Fine Old Recipes, Culinary
  Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMANDA'S BAKED BEANS
 Categories: Bacon, Beans/legum, Recipes fro, Side dishes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 lb Yellow-eye beans
    1/4 lb Lean salt pork -- sliced
      1 md Onion -- peeled
      2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Maple syrup
      1 ts Dry mustard
    1/2 c  Cream
 
  Cover beans with water, bring to a boil, set aside for an hour.
  Drain. Add fresh water and simmer until just tender. Drain, reserving
  bean liquor. Put whole onion and half of salt pork in large bean pot.
  Mix syrup, mustard and salt with hot liquor to cover beans, top with
  remaining por. Cover and bake for 6-8 hours at 275=B0, adding hot
  bean liquor as needed, to cover beans. Uncover and top with cream for
  last hour.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  Recipe By     : Virginia Rich, The Baked Bean Supper Murders
  
  From: Hp_walls@woco.Ohio.Gov          Date: Mon, 15 Jul 1996 14:00:51
  ~0400 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMANDES 'A LA SIAMOISE
 Categories: Kuchen, Gebaeck, Pralinen
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
           500 g Zucker
           1/8 l Wasser
           125 g Puderzucker
           500 g Mandeln, abgezogen,
           - halbiert und leicht
           Geroestet
 
    Dieses Rezept fuer glasierte Mandeln entstammt einem Buch, das 1698
  von Massialot, dem Kuechenchef Ludwigs XIV, verfasst wurde.
   Den Zucker bei mittlerer Hitze im Wasser aufloesen und den Sirup bis
  ca. 125Grad erhitzen. Den Topf von der Kochstelle nehmen und die
  geroesteten Mandeln hineingeben. Die Mischung auf einen mit Butter
  oder Oel bestrichenen, auf einem Rost ausgebreiteten Bogen
  Pergamentpapier geben und hart werden lassen Oder aber die
  Mandelhaelften einzeln mit einem Loeffel aus dem Sirup heben, in
  Puderzucker waelzen und auf Pergamentpapier trocknen lassen.
  Erfasser: Marco Datum: 13.01.1993 Stichworte: Suessigkeiten, Kuchen,
  Gebaeck
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARANTH BAKING POWDER BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Gluten-free
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      1 c  AM Amaranth Flour
  1 1/2 c  AM Brown Rice Flour
           -OR- Whole Wheat Flour
      1 tb Non-alum baking powder
      1 ts Sea salt (optional)
      1 c  Milk, soymilk, or water
      3 tb Honey
      2 tb AM Unrefined Vegetable oil

MMMMM--------------------IF USING RICE FLOUR-------------------------
      2    Egg whites; beaten
 
  Mix dry and liquid ingredients separately; beat egg whites, then
  combine all ingredients.  Pour batter into well-oiled 8" x 4" pan and
  bake at 350 F. about 45 minutes. Cool 10 minutes before removing loaf
  to rack.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "Amaranth Flour" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARANTH CREPES IN LEMON SAUCE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
MMMMM---------------------------CREPES--------------------------------
      3    Eggs
      1 ts Honey or maple syrup
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 tb Butter; melted
           -OR- vegetable oil
    3/4 c  Milk, soymilk, or water
    1/3 c  AM Amaranth Flour
    1/8 ts Sea salt (optional)

MMMMM------------------------CREPE SAUCE-----------------------------
      1 c  Water
    1/4 c  Honey or maple syrup
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      2 tb Arrowroot powder
           -OR- cornstarch
      1 ts Finely grated lemon peel
 
  Beat eggs in blender; add other liquids, then flour and salt. Heat
  small skillet.  Oil lightly.  Put 1-1/2 tablespoons butter in pan and
  tip to spread over surface. Add 1/2 cup batter. Bake. Turn crepe and
  bake other side.  Fill cooked crepe with bananas or whipped tofu;
  roll up and cover with sauce.
  
  Crepe Filling: Sliced bananas or whipped tofu (see Golden Amaranth
  Short Cake recipe)
  
  Crepe Sauce: Combine ingredients (except lemon peel) in a saucepan;
  stir and simmer over medium heat until clear and slightly thick;
  remove from heat and stir in peel.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "Amaranth Flour" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARANTH DATE NUT BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Chopped dates
    1/2 c  Amaranth
      1 c  Boiling water
      2    Eggs
    1/2 c  Honey
    1/4 c  Butter, melted
      2 c  Whole wheat flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 c  Chopped pecans
      1 ts Vanilla extract
 
  Soak dates and amaranth in boiling water.  Beat eggs well, add honey
  and butter; beat well.  Stir in all remaining ingredients mixing
  well. Pour into an oiled loaf pan. Bake at 350 F for 1 hour and 15
  min.
  
  From Arrowhead Mills
  
  Posted by Theresa Merkling.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARANTH PANCAKES
 Categories: Vegetarian, Breakfast
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 c  Amaranth cereal
    1/4 c  Whole wheat pastry flour
      1 ts Baking powder
           Egg replacer for 1 egg
    3/4 c  Soy, rice, or nut milk
 
   In a medium-sized bowl, mix together the cereal, flour, egg
  replacerand baking powder. Pour the milk over the mixture and beat
  with a spoon until the ingredients are well combined. If the batter
  is too thick, you may add a little more milk.
  
   Drop the batter by the 1/4 cup into a hot, oiled skillet and cook
  over medium-high until bubbles begin to appear on the tops of the
  pancakes. Turn them over and cook until done.
  
   From the files of DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARANTH RYE STICKS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 36 Pieces
 
      1 pk Active dry yeast
  1 1/2 c  Warm water
      1 tb Nonfat dry milk
      1 tb Molasses
    1/2 ts Sea salt (optional)
  3 1/4 c  AM Rye Flour
    1/2 c  AM Amaranth Flour
      1 ts Caraway seed
           AM Sesame Seeds (optional)
 
  Dissolve yeast in warm water; stir in milk, molasses, and salt. Stir
  in flour and caraway seeds.  Knead dough about five minutes. Cut into
  36 pieces and roll into sticks approximately five inches long. Roll
  in sesame seeds.  Place on an oiled baking sheet, spray with water,
  then bake at 425 F. for 18-20 minutes, or until lightly browned.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "Amaranth Flour" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARANTH STIR FRY
 Categories: Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Amaranth; uncooked
    1/8 ts Sea salt
      1 tb Olive oil
      1 c  Leeks; sliced
    1/2 c  Mushrooms; sliced
    1/2 c  Green peppers; sliced
      1 ts Soy sauce
    1/2 c  Whole wheat bread crumbs
    1/2 c  Scallions; sliced
    1/2 c  Pumpkin seeds; toasted
 
   Rinse and drain amaranth.
  
   Dry roast amaranth in a hevy skillet over medium heat for 5 minutes.
  
   Bring 3 cups water and salt to a boil. Stir in amaranth and return
  to a boil.
  
   Lower heat and place a flame deflector or heat diffuser under the
  pot.
  
   Cover and simmer for 35 minutes or until all water is absorbed,
  stirring occasionally.
  
   Heat a skillet and brush generously with oil. Add leeks and saute
  for 5 minutes.
  
   Add mushrooms and peppers and saute for 10 minutes, stirring often.
  
   Sprinkle with soy sauce and one teaspoon water.
  
   Sprinkle bread crumbs over top of vegetables.
  
   Place amaranth on top of crumbs. Cover and heat through.
  
   Stir to combine all ingredients, place in a serving dish and garnish
  with scallions and pumpkin seeds.
  
   Per serving: 340 cal; 11 g prot; 237 mg sod; 51 g carb; 11 g fat; 0
  mg chol; 93 mg calcium
  
   From DEEANNE's recipe files
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARANTH~ FIG & ARUGULA SALAD W/SESAME DRES
 Categories: Vegetarian, Salads, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------AMARANTH-------------------------------
    1/2 tb Extra-virgin olive oil
      1 ts Mustard seeds
      2 tb Amaranth; uncooked
  2 1/4 c  Vegetable stock
      2 c  Beans; cooked (white or red
           -kidney)
     10    Calmyrna figs, dried;
           -chopped
    1/3 c  Parsley; minced
    1/2 ts Salt
           Pepper
      1 tb Sesame seeds; toasted, for
           -garnish

MMMMM---------------------SALAD AND DRESSING--------------------------
    1/4 c  Tahini
    1/2 c  Orange juice, fresh
    1/2 c  ;water
           Salt to taste
      8 c  Salad greens, mixed OR
           -romaine; shredded
      1 c  Arugula; chopped
 
   Amaranth: Warm oil in a 2-quart saucepan over moderate heat. Add
  mustard and sesame seeds, cover partially and toast about 30 seconds,
  or until the sesame seeds darken a shade or two. Stir in amaranth
  until grains are coated with oil. Add stock or water and bring to a
  boil. Reduceheat to low and simmer until grains are tender and
  liquied has been absorbed, about 20 minutes. Fold in beans and figs,
  cover and set aside for 5 minutes. Stir in parsley, and season with
  salt and pepper.
  
   Salad and Dressing: Combine tahini, orange juice, water and salt in a
  blender and process until smooth.
   Set aside. Rinse leafy greens and arugula. Spin-dry or pat between
  towels to remove excess water.
  
   To serve: Place amaranth mixture in the center of 6 plates. Garnish
  with sesame seeds and surround with salad greens. Drizzle with
  dressing. Serves 6.
  
   Per serving: 482 cal; 17 g prot; 11 g fat; 77 g carb; 0 chol; 385 mg
  sod; 13 g fiber. Vegan
  
   Source: Vegetarian Times, July 93/MM by DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTI
 Categories: Cookies, Italian
      Yield: 42 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Canned almond paste
      1 c  Sugar
      2 lg Egg whites
           Granulated sugar
           - for dusting
 
  PREHEAT THE OVEN TO 375F. Break the almond paste into small pieces and
  combine it with the sugar in the bowl of an electric mixer. Mix on low
  speed until very fine. Add egg whites in 4 additions, mixing about 1
  minute between each. Beat the paste until very smooth, about 2-to-3
  minutes. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a 1/2-inch plain tube with the
  mixture. Line 2 cookie sheets or jelly roll pans with parchment
  paper. Pipe the mixture on the paper in 1-to-1 1/2-inch mounds, about
  1-inch apart. Fold a clean kitchen towel into a long strip and
  moisten the towel with water. Squeeze lightly to eliminate excess
  water, leaving the towel more than damp. Slap the surface of the
  Amaretti gently with the towel to moisten them and make the surface
  smooth. Sprinkle the Amaretti with granulated sugar. Bake about
  15-to-20 minutes, until they are well risen, a deep golden color, and
  their surface is covered with tiny cracks. Remove from the oven and
  place the pans on racks to cool. To remove the Amaretti from the
  papers, turn the papers over with the Amaretti still adhering to them
  and wet the papers with hot water, using a brush. Leave a few
  minutes, then pull on the papers to release the Amaretti. HERE ARE 2
  VARIATIONS OF AMARETTI: Amaretti di Pinoli: After moistening the
  piped Amaretti, strew them with pine nuts, sprinkling them on
  heavily, then pressing lightly with the fingertips so that the pine
  nuts adhere. Do not dust with sugar. Bake as for the Amaretti. Fior
  di Mandorla: This variation of Amaretti is popular in Southern Italy
  and Sicily, where the mixture is sometimes colored green or pink
  during the mixing. Their rough, craggy appearance is a nice contrast
  to the smoothness of the standard Amaretti. Prepare the Amaretti, up
  to, and including, moistening them with the towel. Dust heavily with
  confectioners' sugar and allow the piped mixture to dry at room
  temperature, uncovered, at least 12 hours, or overnight. After they
  have dried, indent each of the piped mounds with the thumb, first and
  middle fingers of one hand, positioning them equidistant around the
  circumference, and pinching gently inward, about half way into the
  center. Bake the Fior di Mandorla at 375F, about 15-to-20 minutes.
  Cool and loosen the Fior di Mandorla as for the Amaretti.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTI COOKIES
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
    1 1/4 c  blanched and lightly toasted
  :          almonds
      3/4 c  powdered sugar
        2 ts all-purpose flour
        2 lg egg whites
      1/3 c  granulated sugar
        1 ts grated lemon zest
        1 ts almond extract
  
  In a food processor, grind the almonds to a powder by pulsing off and
  on to keep the powder loose. Mix the almonds with the powdered sugar
  and flour. In a separate a bowl, beat the egg whites to soft peaks.
  Gradually beat in the granulated sugar until stiff. Fold in the lemon
  zest and almond extract. Pipe the mixture with a pastry bag using a
  round 1/4-inch tip into 1 1/2-inch rounds onto baking sheets lined
  with lightly buttered waxed paper or parchment. Bake in a preheated
  275-degree oven for 1 hour, checking to make sure the amaretti don't
  brown. Turn off the oven and let the amaretti dry out for an
  additional hour--they should be very crisp. Store them in an airtight
  container in the refrigerator or freezer.
  
  Yield: Approximately 24 cookies
  
  Recipe By     :COOK'S CHOICE SHOW #CH1215
  
                                        Date: Fri, 18 Oct 1996 12:45:37
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTINI
 Categories: Kuchen, Gebaeck, Pralinen
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
           2 Eiweiss
           1 Prise Salz
           200 g Zucker
           200 g gemahlene Mandeln
           1 Flaeschchen
           - Bittermandeloel
           Puderzucker zum Bestaeuben
 
    Eiweiss, Salz, 100g Zucker steif schlagen. Restlichen Zucker,
  Mandeln und Bittermandeloel vermengen und unter den Eischnee heben.
  Aus einem Blech haselnussgrosse Tupfen spritzen. 15 bis 20 Min.
  backen (E-Herd: 150Grad; Gasherd: Stufe 1).
  
    Anschliessend mit Puderzucker betraeufeln.
  
  *  ca. 100 Stueck
  
  Erfasser: Marco Datum: 13.01.1993 Stichworte: Gebaeck, Kuchen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO & GHIRARDELLI CHOCOLATE CHIP CHEESEC
 Categories: Chocolate, Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
      1 c  Ghirardelli semi-sweet
           -chocolate chips
      1 tb Butter, unsalted
  1 1/4 c  Vanilla wafer crumbs
    1/4 c  Nuts; finely chopped
      3 tb Sugar, confectioners'

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
     24 oz Cream cheese; softened
      1 c  Sugar
      4 lg Egg; room temp
    1/4 c  Amaretto
      2 tb Cornstarch
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 c  Ghirardelli semi-sweet
           -chocolate chips

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      2 c  Sour cream; room temp
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1 ts Amaretto
    1/2 c  Almonds, toasted sliced
 
  Make the crust: Position a rack in the center of the oven and preheat
  to 375-F. Lightly butter the bottom and side of a 9 x 3" round
  springform pan. Trim a 9" cardboard cake circle so that it fits
  snugly within the curved lip of the bottom of the springform pan.
  Cover the top of the cardboard lined springform bottom with a piece
  of aluminum foil, leaving a 2" overhang all the way around the edge.
  Carefully attach the side of the springform so as not to tear the
  foil. Wrap the foil overhang halfway up the side of the springform
  pan. Lightly butter the foil covered bottom and side of the
  springform pan. In the top of a double boiler over hot, not
  simmering, water, melt the chocolate chips with the butter, stirring
  frequently, until smooth. Remove the top part of the double boiler
  from the bottom and cool the chocolate mixture until tepid. In a
  large bowl, stir together the crumbs, nuts and sugar until combined.
  Add the chocolate mixture and using a fork, stir together the
  chocolate and crumbs, until combined. Press the mixture evenly into
  the bottom of the prepared pan, making sure that the crust extends 1"
  up the side of the pan. Set aside.
  
  Make the filling: In a large bowl, using a hand held electric mixer
  set at medium high speed, beat the cream cheese with the sugar for 2
  to 3 minutes, or until smooth. One at a time, beat in the eggs,
  beating well after each addition. Beat in the liqueur, cornstarch and
  vanilla until smooth. Stir in the chocolate chips. Pour the
  cheesecake filling into the prepared pan and smooth the surface with
  a rubber spatula. Bake the cheesecake for 50 to 60 minutes, or until
  a knife comes out clean when inserted near the center. Cool for 5
  minutes. Do not turn off the oven.
  
  Make the topping: In a large bowl, stir together the sour cream,
  sugar and liqueur until combined and spread it evenly over the
  surface of the cake. Bake for 5 minutes longer. Cool the cheesecake
  completely on a wire rack. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate
  overnight. Remove the side of the pan and sprinkle the top with the
  almonds.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO ALEXANDER
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
     12 oz Amaretto liqueur
      1 pt Half-and-half
      6 oz White creme de cacao
  1 1/2 qt Vanilla ice cream
 
  Preparation : Combine amaretto, creme de cacao, and half-and-half in
  blender. Put a scoop of ice cream in each sherbet glass and the
  remainder in blender; blend well. Pour into sherbet glasses and
  serve. Serves 10.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO ALMOND COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
      2 tb Molasses
      2 ea Eggs
      1 c  Ground toasted almonds
    1/2 ts Grated lemon rind
      1 ts Almond extract
    1/2 c  Amaretto
      2 c  Whole wheat pastry flour
 
  Cream together butter and molasses.  Add eggs, ground almonds, lemon
  rind and almond extract; mix well. Stir in Amaretto alternately with
  flour. Drop by teaspoonsful onto unoiled cookie sheets. Bake at 350
  degrees for 12-15 minutes.  Cookies will be golden brown when done.
  Makes 36 cookies
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO APPLES
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Alcohol
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 md Golden Delicious apple
  1 1/2 tb Unsalted butter
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Raisin
      2 tb Amaretto liqueur
      2 tb Sliced toasted almonds
           -whipped cream
 
  Peel apples, core, cut into 1/2-inch dice and set aside. Melt butter
  in medium skillet over medium-high heat. Add apples, sprinkle with
  sugar and saute until tender, about 6 minutes. Stir in raisins. Add
  liqueur and cook until liquid reduces to glaze, about 1 minute.
  Divide between 2 dessert dishes. Garnish with almonds and whipped
  cream. Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO BALLS
 Categories: Desserts, Christmas, Gainesville
      Yield: 4 Dozen
 
      2 c  Pecans, chopped finely
      2 c  Confectioner's sugar, sifted
      2 c  Chocolate wafer crumbs
    2/3 c  Amaretto
           Pecans, additional
 
  Process pecans and wafers separately; combine in food processor with
  sugar. SLOWLY pour in liqueur until mixture forms a ball. You might
  not need the whole amount, depending on the humidity level. (If
  mixture gets too wet, put it in the refrigerator -- uncovered --
  overnight to dry out some.)
  
  Shape into small balls; roll in additional finely chopped pecans.
  Store in tightly sealed container. Yield: Not nearly enough.
  
  Vicki's notes:
  
  *  One Christmas Eve I had to work, but I took a break to pop in a
  bookstore.  They were having an open house, and I managed to snarf a
  lot of these morsels during those stolen minutes! After Christmas I
  came back to hunt down the clerk who brought these -- my finest bit
  of sleuthing yet...
  
  *  These are equally enjoyed and requested by my friends. Although
  some have tried other liqueurs -- including bourbon -- the results
  are never as good as the original!
  
  *  I substitute Oreos for the wafers, plus use only 1 1/3 C confec
  sugar; don't worry about the cookies' filling because it is nothing
  more than confec sugar.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO BREEZE
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    8-oz pkg, PHILADELPHIA BRAND
           -cream cheese, softened
    1/2 c  Sour cream
    1/2 c  Sugar
      3 tb Amaretto, or almond flavored
           -liqueur
      2 tb Whipping cream
      1 pt Blackberries
           -or Blueberries
      1 pt Strawberries
 
  Beat cream creese and sour cream in small mixing bowl at medium speed
  with electric mixer until well blended. Blend in sugar, liqueur and
  cream. Chill well. Place berries in individual servin dishesl top
  with cream cheese sauce. Prep time:  10 minutes plus chilling.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO BROWNIES
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------
    1/4 lb Sweet butter
      2 oz Semi-sweet chocolate
      2    Eggs well beaten
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Pecans, coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Amaretto (di saronno
           Preferable)
           Chocolate frosting
           (optional)
 
  Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease an 8-inch square pan. Melt butter
  and chocolate in a small saucepan; set aside to cool. Stir in eggs.
  Add remaining ingredients except the Amaretto and mix well. Bake 35
  minutes; brownies should still be soft. Cool. Poke with fork; pour
  Amaretto over top of brownies. Refrigerate overnight. Ice with
  favorite chocolate frosting. Cut into squares.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO BROWNIES SUPREME
 Categories: Brownies, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 16 Pieces
 
MMMMM--------------------------BROWNIES-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Butter
      2 oz Semisweet chocolate
      2    Eggs, well beaten
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Pecans, chopped
    1/4 c  Amaretto liqueur

MMMMM----------------CHOCOLATE AMARETTO FROSTING---------------------
      3 tb Butter
        ds Salt
  1 1/2 c  Confectioner's sugar
  4 1/2 ts Amaretto liqueur
  4 1/2 ts Cocoa butter
  4 1/2 ts Hot coffee

MMMMM---------------------WHITE ALMOND ICING--------------------------
    1/3 c  Confectioner's sugar
        ds Salt
    1/4 ts Almond extract
    1/4 c  Half-and-half
 
  Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Melt butter and chocolate in a saucepan
  over low heat. Remove from heat, let cool. Then stir in eggs. Add
  sugar, flour, salt and pecans, mixing well. Pour batter in a greased
  8" square pan and bake for 30 to 35 minutes. Brownies should still be
  soft. Remove from oven and let cool slightly. Poke holes in brownies
  with fork, and pour amaretto liqueur over top. Refrigerate overnight.
  Spread Chocolate Amaretto Frosting over brownies and then drizzle
  White Almond Icing in a criss-cross pattern on top. CHOCOLATE
  AMARETTO FROSTING: Combine butter, sugar, salt, amaretto liqueur,
  cocoa powder and coffee and beat until smooth. WHITE ALMOND ICING:
  Combine sugar, salt and almond extract. Add half-and-half a little at
  a time, mixing until smooth.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CAF=E9 (ITALIAN COFFEE)
 Categories: Beverages, Mixed drink, Mc, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        1 c  black coffee
        1 oz amaretto
  :          whipped topping
        1    maraschino cherry
  
  Fill coffee mug or cup with hot coffee. Stir in amaretto. Top with
  pressurized dessert topping and cherry. Serve with teaspoon.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  Nutr. Assoc. : 402 0 1615 0
  
  Recipe By     : Joe Robertson
  
  From: Kmeade@ids2.Idsonline.Com (The Me
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CAFI (ITALIAN COFFEE)
 Categories: Beverages, Mixed drink, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Black coffee
      1 oz Amaretto
           Whipped topping
      1    Maraschino cherry
 
  Recipe by: Joe Robertson Preparation Time: 0:05 Fill coffee mug or
  cup with hot coffee. Stir in amaretto. Top with pressurized dessert
  topping and cherry. Serve with teaspoon.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CAF (ITALIAN COFFEE)
 Categories: Mixed, Drinks, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Black coffee
      1 oz Amaretto
           Whipped topping
      1    Maraschino cherry
 
  Fill coffee mug or cup with hot coffee. Stir in amaretto. Top with
  pressurized dessert topping and cherry. Serve with teaspoon.
  
  Recipe By     : Joe Robertson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Christmas
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs; separated
      2 c  Flour; (sifted)
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Sour cream
      1 ts Grated orange peel
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 c  Orange juice
    1/3 c  Amaretto
 
  Cream butter and 1 1/2 cups sugar until light and fluffy; beat in egg
  yolks one at a time. Fold in beaten egg whites. Sift together flour,
  baking powder, baking soda and salt, and add to batter a little at a
  time, alternating with sour cream. Stir until smooth. Mix in grated
  orange peel and walnuts and pour into buttered 9" tube pan. Bake 50
  minutes at 350 degrees. Mix remaining sugar with orange juice and
  Amaretto and spoon over cake as soon as it comes out of oven. Cool
  before removing from pan.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CARROTS
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Carrots, cut into
           -4" lengths
      3 tb Sweet butter
      3 tb Amaretto
    1/4 ts Ground ginger, or to taste
    1/3 c  Sliced unblanced almonds,
           -toasted lightly
 
  In a steamer set over simmering water steam the carrots, covered, for
  10 minutes, or until they are just al dente. Quarter the carrots
  lengthwise.
   In a skillet, cook the carrots in the butter over moderate heat,
  stirring, for 3 minutes; stir in the Amaretto and the ginger, and
  cook the mixture, covered, over low heat for 3 minutes.  Stir in the
  almonds and salt and pepper to taste and simmer the mixture, covered
  for 1 minute. Serves 6 to 8.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes, Cakes, Desserts, Nuts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Whole almonds
      1 lb Cream cheese
    3/4 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      2 tb Amaretto
    3/4 c  Sour cream
 
  Spread nuts in a baking pan and bake in a preheated 325F oven for 8
  minutes or until lightly toasted.  Let cool and finely chop. With an
  electric mixer, beat cheese and sugar until smooth. Mix in eggs,
  vanilla, Amaretto and sour cream.  Reserve 2 tablespoons of nuts, and
  stir in remaining nuts. Pour batter into a greased 9-inch springform
  pan. Sprinkle reserved nuts over the top.  Bake in the middle of a
  preheated 325F oven for 25 minutes or until just barely set.  Turn
  off the oven, leave the door ajar, and let cool in the oven for 1
  hour longer. Chill. To serve, remove pan sides and cut into wedges.
  Cheesecake: 31 Fantastic Recipes Lou Seibert Pappas
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CHEESECAKE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      1 c  All-purpose flour
    1/3 c  Brown sugar -- packed
      6 tb Butter -- softened
      1 pk Cream cheese -- 8 oz at room
           Temp
    1/4 c  Granulated sugar
      1    Egg
      4 tb Amaretto
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      4 tb Almonds -- chopped
 
  In a large mixing bowl, combine flour and brown sugar. Cut in butter
  until mixture forms fine crumbs. Reserve 1 cup crumb mixture for
  topping. Press remainder over bottom of ungreased 8 inch square
  baking pan. Bake for 12-15 minutes at 350^ or until lightly browned.
  In mixer bowl, thoroughly cream together cream cheese and granulated
  sugar. Add egg, amaretto, and vanilla; beat well.  Spread batter over
  partially baked crust. Combine almondswith reserved crumb mixture;
  sprinkle over batter. Bake for 20-25 minutes. Cool and cut into
  squares.
  
  Recipe By     : Dining on Deck
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CHEESECAKE DELITE
 Categories: Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------CHOCOLATE COOKIE CRUST------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Chocolate cookie crumbs
      3 tb Chopped almonds
      2 tb Soy oil
           --- OR ---
      2    Cookie crumb crusts
           - chocolate, ready-to-serve

MMMMM-------------------GLAZED ALMOND TOPPING------------------------
      2 tb Sugar
    3/4 c  Sliced almonds

MMMMM----------------------AMARETTO FILLING---------------------------
 10 1/2 oz Pkg. lite soft silken tofu
     16 oz Lower fat cream cheese
           - softened
      3 tb EQUAL measure; OR...
     36    -EQUAL packets; OR...
  1 1/2 c  -Sugar
      6    Egg whites
      4    Whole eggs
    1/4 c  Amaretto
      2 tb Vanilla
 
  In a small bowl, combine all ingredients for the crust. Press evenly
  into the bottom of a    9-inch springform pan.
  
  Using an electric mixer, combine tofu and cream cheese until smooth.
  Add EQUAL or sugar and mix thoroughly. Add egg whites and whole eggs
  to ingredients and continue to mix until well blended. Add Amaretto
  and vanilla. Pour over crust in springform pan or divide batter into
  two prepared pie crusts. Bake at 300 F for 1 hour in the springform
  pan or 40 minutes for the two prepared crusts.
  
  Heat two tablespoons of sugar in a non-stick pan until sugar turns a
  golden brown. Toss almonds in sugar to coat. Remove almonds and allow
  to cool on wax paper. Break apart when cooled and arrange almonds
  around edge of cake. Refrigerate. Serves 16.
  
  *1/2 cup chocolate cookie crumbs can also be sprinkled around the
  outside of the cheesecake for a different taste combination.
  
  First Place, Desserts Category - Cooking with Ohio's Soy Foods Ohio
  State Fair Recipe Contest Developed by Jacqueline DeMatteis-O'Brien
  
  Reprinted with permission from the Indiana Soybean Development
  Council. Meal-Master format by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CHEESECAKE FROM LOREN MARTIN
 Categories: Cheesecakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1    1/2 c graham cracker crushed
    1/2    Stick butter, melted
     15 oz Ricotta cheese
      8 oz Cream cheese
      4    Eggs, lightly beaten
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/3 c  Amaretto liquor
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Great topped with strawberry jam. Combine crumbs of graham crackers
  and butter; press over bottom and sides of greased 9 inch spring-form
  pan. Chill. Preheat oven to 325. Beat together ricotta and cream
  cheese until smooth.  Pour mixture into pan; bake 1 hour and 15
  minutes, or until firm in middle.  Cool 30 minutes in pan before
  removing. Cool completely (preferrably in refrigerator overnight)
  before serving. Top with fresh fruit, or jam.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CHEESECAKE WITH APRICOT GLAZE
 Categories: Cakes, Cheese, Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
      1 c  Graham Wafer Crumbs
    1/2 c  Almonds, chopped toasted
      1 x  -unblanched
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 c  Butter, melted

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      4 pk Cream Cheese(250g), softened
      1 c  Sugar
      3 tb Flour
      4 ea Eggs
      1 c  Sour Cream
    1/4 c  AMARETTO DI SARONNO liqueur

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
    1/2 c  Apricot Jam
      1 tb AMARETTO DI SARONNO liqueur
 
  CRUST: Combine ingredients; press onto bottom of a 9-inch springform
  pan.
       Set aside. FILLING: Combine cream cheese, sugar, and flour,
  mixing until well
       blended. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing just until
       combined.Blend in sour cream and liqueur; pour over crust. Bake
       in 450F oven 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 250F;
       continue baking for 1 hour. Run knife around rim of pan ; cool on
       wire rack. Chill.
  
  GLAZE: To glaze cake, combine jam and liqueur in a saucepan; heat
  until
       warm and smooth. Strain mixture and pour over cheesecake before
       removing sides of pan. Garnish if desired. Makes 10-12 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CHEESECAKE WITH RASPBERRY SAUCE
 Categories: Kooknet, Cyberealm, Cheesecake, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
           (Crust):
    1/4 c  Butter
      2 c  Chopped almonds
      2 tb Granulated sugar
           (Filling):
     12 oz Cream cheese, softened
    1/2 c  Granulated sugar
      3    Eggs
      1 c  Sour cream
      2 tb Amaretto
    1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Almond extract
           (Sauce):
      3 c  Frozen unsweetened
           -raspberries, thawed
      2 ts Amaretto
           Sugar
 
  In 9-inch microwavable quiche dish, shallow round baking dish or deep
  pie plate, melt butter at high (100 per cent power) 1 to 1 1/2
  minutes. Stir in almonds and sugar until evenly coated with butter.
  Press into bottom and sides of dish. Microwave at high 2 to 3 minutes
  or until firm. If necessary, rotate dish during cooking.
  
  Beat cream cheese and sugar until light. Beat in eggs one at a time.
  Add sour cream, 2 tablespoons Amaretto or almond liqueur, vanilla and
  almond extract. Beat until smooth. Pour into baked crust.
  
  Microwave uncovered at medium (50 per cent power) 14 to 18 minutes or
  until cheesecake is almost set in centre. Rotate dish partway through
  cooking, if necessary. Cool on countertop to room temperature, then
  cover and refrigerate until serving time.
  
  Reserve some whole raspberries for garnish. Puree remaining
  raspberries. Push through sieve to remove seeds. Stir 2 tablespoons
  Amaretto or almond liqueur into puree. Add sugar to taste.
  
  To serve, spoon some sauce on to dessert plates. Place slice of
  cheesecake on sauce. Garnish with reserved berries.
  
  If you prefer, use 1 cup graham cracker crumbs with 1/2 cup finely
  chopped almonds for the crust. Use a food processor and pulse to chop
  nuts to an even consistency, rather than a fine powder. Also, you
  could substitute strawberries for the raspberries. To omit liqueur,
  increase almond extract in the filling to 1 teaspoon and use just a
  drop in the raspberry puree.
  
  Edited to MM format by: Lois Flack, CYBEREALM BBS, Watertown, NY
        -       Home of Kook-Net        (315)782-1120   -
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry, Main dish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      5    Boned Chicken Breasts
      3 tb Flour
  1 1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Ground Pepper
      2 ts Paprika
      1 tb Vegetable Oil
      3 tb Butter
  1 1/2 tb Dijon Mustard
      1 cn 6 1/4 oz Frozen Orange Juice
      1 c  Amaretto
 
  Mix the can of frozen orange juice with a half can of water. Preheat
  oven to 350 degrees. Combine flour, salt, pepper, paprika and garlic
  salt. Coat chicken with this mixture. Heat oil and butter in skillet
  and saute chicken until brown. Remove and put in casserole. To
  skillet, add mustard, orange juice and Amaretto. Increase heat and
  boil, stirring constantly, until thick. Pour sauce over chicken and
  bake, covered, for 45 minutes. this can be frozen and reheated later.
  Serves 8 - 10.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CHOCOLATE CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
      7 oz Amaretti (see note)
      2 tb Granulated sugar
      5 tb Sweet butter
      1 oz Chocolate, unsweetened
           -(1 square)

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      6 oz Chocolate, semisweet
      7 oz Amaretti
      4 oz Almond paste
    1/3 c  Amaretto liqueur
    1/4 c  Sugar, granulated
  1 1/2 lb Cream cheese
           -(room temperature)
      4 lg Eggs
    1/2 c  Heavy cream
 
  MAKE CRUST:  Butter the sides only (not the bottom) of a 9-inch
  spring-form pan (about 2 1/2 to 3 inches deep). Grind the Amaretti
  very fine in a food processor or blender.  Mix with sugar in a mixing
  bowl.
  
  Melt the chocolate and butter in the top of a double boiler, stirring
  occasionally.  Add the melted mixture to the Amaretti crumbs and
  sugar and mix thoroughly. (Don't wash the double boiler; you'll be
  using it again in a minute.)
  
  Turn the mixture into the prepared pan.  With your fingers,
  distribute it evenly over the bottom and press it down into a very
  firm, compact layer. Refrigerate while you prepare the filling.
  
  MAKE FILLING:  Adjust rack 1/3 up from the bottom of the oven and
  preheat to 350 degrees F. Partially melt chocolate in the top of a
  double boiler, then uncover and stir until completely melted. Remove
  the top of the double boiler and set aside to cool.
  
  Break the Amaretti coarsely into a bowl and set aside. Cut the almond
  paste into small pieces, and beat on low speed with an electric
  mixer, while gradually adding the Amaretto liqueur. Beat until
  thoroughly mixed and set aside.
  
  Beat the cream cheese with an electric mixer until smooth. Add the
  sugar and beat until smooth again. Add the almond paste-Amaretto
  mixture and beat until thoroughly mixed. Add the melted chocolate and
  beat well again. Add the eggs one at a time, beating at low speed
  until they are incorporated after each addition. Add the heavy cream
  and beat until smooth. Add the coarsely broken Amaretti and stir
  gently only to mix.
  
  Turn into the prepared pan, pouring the mixture over the bottom crust.
  Rotate the pan gently to level the batter. (Don't worry if the mixture
  comes almost to the top; it won't run over.)
  
  Bake 45 minutes.  It will seem soft and not done, but don't bake any
  more; it will become firm when chilled. The top of the cake is
  supposed to look bumpy because of the large chunks of Amaretti. Let
  cool completely at room temperature, then carefully remove the sides
  of the pan and refrigerate the cake (still on the bottom of the pan)
  for 4 to 6 hours, or overnight.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  This is adapted from Maida Heatter's "Book of Great Chocolate
  Desserts," (Knopf 1980).  It won me a blue ribbon at the Martha's
  Vineyard Agricultural Exhibition and Fair in 1983. If you ever find
  yourself in front of a firing squad, this makes an unbeatable last
  request.
  
  *  Amaretti are Italian almond-flavored wafer cookies. They are
  usually sold in metal tins with the wafers wrapped in packages of two
  inside the tin. You can also buy Amarettini, which are the same
  flavor but much smaller and not individually wrapped. Since you're
  going to grind some of the wafers and break the others into chunks,
  it doesn't matter which size you start with. One brand is Amaretti di
  Saronna, Lazzaroni & Co.
  
  *  This is an expensive cake, both in terms of the cost of the
  ingredients ($15-$20) and the number of calories.
  
  : Difficulty:  moderate to hard.
  : Time:  30 minutes preparation, 45 minutes baking, overnight cooling.
  : Precision:  measure ingredients carefully.
  
  : Jan Wolitzky
  : AT&T Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey, USA
  : ihnp4!mhuxd!wolit
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CHOCOLATE SAUCE
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 11 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Whipping cream
    1/2 lb Semisweet chocolate --
           Chopped
      1 tb Amaretto or other liqueur
 
  1. Bring cream to a simmer in a small saucepan. Remove from heat.
  
  2. Stir in chocolate until it is melted and mixture is smooth.
  
       3.    Stir in liqueur.
  
  Makes 1-1/4 cups.
  
  * Timesaver Tip: Recipe can be prepared up to 4 days ahead and stored,
  covered, in refrigerator. Gently reheat in a saucepan or in a
  microwave oven.
  
  Microwave Version
  
  1. Pour cream into a glass bowl or 2-cup measure. Microwave on 100%
  power until tiny bubbles break the surface (1 to 2 minutes).
  
  2. Stir in chocolate until it is melted and mixture is smooth. If
  chocolate does not melt completely, microwave on 100% power until it
  is completely melted (20 to 30 seconds longer).
  
       3.    Stir in liqueur.
  
  Recipe By     : the California Culinary Academy
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO COCONUT BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Desserts, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      4 oz Tofu
      1 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Amaretto
     14 fl Coconut milk
  2 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 c  Unsweetened coconut flakes
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F.  Grease a 9" x 5" x 3" loaf pan.
  
  Blend together tofu and sugar thoroughly in an electric mixer or by
  mashing them together in a large mixing bowl with the utensil of your
  choice. :-)
  
  Mix Amaretto and coconut milk into tofu until well blended.
  
  Meanwhile, sift together flour, salt and baking powder. Toss in
  coconut flakes, then add dry ingredients to liquid mixture and blend
  thoroughly.
  
  Spoon batter into prepared loaf pan.  Bake until done, about 50
  minutes. Cool slightly before removing from pan.
  
  Toasted slices of this bread are very nice with tea, coffee, or your
  fave hot beverage.
  
  [Note: 1 teaspoon of almond extract and 1/4 cup of water may be
  substituted for the 1/4 cup of Amaretto. 1 1/2 cups water plus 1/4
  cup oil may be used instead of coconut milk.]
  
  (C) Copyright 1994 Karen Mintzias - May be freely distributed
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO COFFEE
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Warm Water
      1 tb Instant Coffee Crystals
    1/3 c  Amaretto
      1 x  Dessert Topping *
 
  *    Dessert topping should be in a pressurized can.
  ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~----------------- In a 2-cup measure stir together water and instant
  coffee crystals. Micro-cook, uncovered, on 100% power for about 4
  minutes or just till steaming hot.  Stir in Amaretto.  Serve in mugs.
  Top each mug of coffee mixture with some dessert topping.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO COFFEE ( MW )
 Categories: Microwave
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Warm Water
  1 1/2 ts Instant Coffee Crystals
      3 tb Amaretto
           Dessert Topping *
 
  *    Dessert topping should be in a pressurized can.
  
  In a nonmetal mug stir together water and instant coffee crystals.
  Micro-cook, uncovered, on 100% power about 1 1/2 minutes or just till
  mixture is steaming hot. Stir in Amaretto. Top with pressurized
  dessert topping.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO COFFEE 2
 Categories: Beverages, Alcohol, New (to be
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Warm Water
      3 tb Amaretto
  1 1/2 ts Instant Coffee Crystals
           Dessert Topping -- * see
           Note
 
  *    Dessert topping should be in a pressurized can.
  
  In a nonmetal mug stir together water and instant coffee crystals.
  Micro-cook, uncovered, on 100% power about 1 1/2 minutes or just till
  mixture is steaming hot. Stir in Amaretto.
  
  Top with pressurized dessert topping.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO COFFEE CREAMER
 Categories: Mixes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Non dairy creamer
      1 ts Almond extract
      1 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Powdered sugar
 
  Combine all ingredients in a container with a tight fitting lid. Shake
  well.  To make, add 2 Tablespoons mixture with 1 cup coffee(6oz)
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO COMPOTE***
 Categories: Italian, Desserts, Mrs. g
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           - G. Granaroli XBRG76A
           - MM:MK VMXV03A
      2 c  Water
      1 c  Pitted prunes
      1 c  Dried appricots
      2 md Red pears, cored and sliced
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1 c  Amaretto
      1 ts Shredded lemon peel
 
  In a medium saucepan combine water, prunes, and apricots. Bring to a
  boil. Remove from heat and let stand for 15 min. Drain, reserving 1/2
  cup liquid. Leave prunes and apricots on the side. In the 1/2 cup
  liquid, combine pears, Amaretto, sugar and lemon peel. Cover and
  simmer 10 minutes until the pears are crisp-tender. Stir in prunes
  and apricots and heat through. Serve warm over vanilla ice-cream or
  frozen yogurt. Also makes a wonderful topping for pound cake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO COOKIES
 Categories: Italian, Cookies
      Yield: 36 Cookies
 
    1/2 c  Butter
      2 tb Molasses
      2    Eggs
      1 c  Almonds, ground toasted
    1/2 ts Lemon rind; grated
      1 ts Almond extract
    1/2 c  Amaretto liqueur
      2 c  Pastry flour, whole wheat
 
  Cream together butter and molasses.  Add eggs, ground almonds, lemon
  rind and almond extract; mix well. Stir in Amaretto alternately with
  flour. Drop by teaspoonsful onto unoiled cookie sheets. Bake at 350
  degrees for 12-15 minutes.  Cookies will be golden brown when done.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CREAM FILLED CAKE (ZUCCOTTO RIPIENO
 Categories: Italian, Nuts, Alcohol, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Sponge Cake
    1/2 c  Hazelnuts
    1/4 c  Amaretto
    1/4 c  Light rum
  1 1/3 c  Whipping cream
    1/3 c  Powdered sugar
    1/3 c  Almonds; blanched,
           - chopped, toasted
      1 oz Unsweetened chocolate;
           - grated
 
  Bake hazelnuts in ungreased baking pan at 400~ for 5 minutes or until
  skins begin to crack. Wrap hazelnuts in clean towel. Let stand 2
  minutes. Rub hazelnuts in towel to remove skins. Chop hazelnuts.
  Return to baking pan. Bake about 8 minutes until golden brown,
  stirring occasionally. Cool. Cut 4-inch circle from cake. Cut
  remaining cake into 1-inch pieces. Mix together amaretto and rum and
  sprinkle over cake. Line large bowl with waxed paper. Butter waxed
  paper. Place cake circle on bottom of bowl. Line side of bowl with
  three-fourths of the cake pieces. Beat together whipping cream and
  powdered sugar in chilled medium bowl until stiff. Fold in hazelnuts,
  almonds and chocolate. Spoon filling into cake-lined bowl. Place
  remaining cake pieces on filling. Cover and refrigerate 2 hours.
  Invert onto serving plate. Remove bowl and waxed paper. Sprinkle with
  additional grated chocolate if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO CREME BRULEE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------CHRISTMAS WITH SOUTHERN LIVI---------------------

MMMMM----------------------------1987---------------------------------
    1/4 c  Sugar, brown; firmly packed
     14 oz Sweetened condensed milk
      4 c  Water; hot
      6    Eggs
      2 tb Amaretto
           Whipped cream; optional
           Almonds, sliced; toasted,
           Optional
           Amaretto; optional
 
  Preheat oven to 325 F.  Place 1 ts brown sugar in each custard cup;
  set aside.  Combine condensed milk and water, stirring well; set
  aside. Beat eggs in large mixing bowl until frothy; gradually add
  milk mixture, mixing well;  Stir in Amaretto.  Pour mixture into
  custard cups. Place cups in 13"x9"x2" baking pans. Pour hot water
  into pans to a depth of 1" and bake 50 minutes, until knife inserted
  in center comes out clean.
  
  Remove cups from water, cool, and chill.
  
  To serve, loosen edges of custard with spatula; quickly invert onto
  dessert plates.  Garnish with whipped cream and almonds and drizzle
  with Amaretto, if desired.
  
  Tyops by Sylvia Steiger, SylviaRN@compuserve.com, homepage:
  http://ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/SylviaRN, creator of
  Frazzled Cook breadmachine mixes
  
  Nutritional information per serving:  xx calories, xx gm protein, xxx
  mg cholesterol, xx gm carbohydrate, xxx mg sodium, x gm fiber, xx gm
  fat (x gm sat, x gm mono, x gm poly), x mg iron, xx mg calcium, xx%
  of calories from fat.
  
  Brought to you by MMCONV and Sylvia Steiger, SylviaRN@compuserve.com
  or 71511.2253@compuserve.com, creator of Frazzled Cook breadmachine
  mixes, homepage: http://ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/SylviaRN
  
  From: Sylvia Steiger                  Date: 23 Feb 97
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO FLORENTINE COOKIES
 Categories: Desserts, Cookies
      Yield: 2 1/2 dozen
 
MMMMM---------------------------COOKIE--------------------------------
    2/3 c  Butter
      2 c  Oats, quick; uncooked
      1 c  Sugar
    2/3 c  Flour, all-purpose
    1/2 c  Almonds; finely chopped
    1/4 c  Syrup, corn
    1/4 c  Amaretto di Amore
    1/2 ts Salt

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      3 tb Butter
    1/4 c  Amaretto di Amore
  1 1/2 c  Chocolate chips
 
  Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  Foil-line cookie sheets. In medium
  saucepan, melt butter.  Remove from heat. Stir in quick oats, sugar,
  flour, almonds, corn syrup, 1/4 cup Amaretto di Amore and salt. Drop
  by rounded teaspoonfuls 3 inches apart onto prepared cookie sheets;
  spread each to make thin.  Bake 8 to 11 minutes, until golden. Cool
  completely on cookie sheets.  Peel off foil.  Spread filling on flat
  side of 1/2 the cookies. Top with remaining cookies.
  
  Filling: In medium heavy guage saucepan over low heat, melt butter
  with 1/4 cup Amaretto di Amore. Remove from heat. Stir in chocolate
  chips. Cool to room temperature.
  
  SOURCE: The Clarion-Ledger Southern Living Cooking School supplement,
  September 11, 1994. Typos by Nancy Coleman.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO FREEZE
 Categories: Mixed, Drinks, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Scoops vanilla ice cream
    3/4 oz Amaretto
      1    Maraschino cherry
 
  In a blender, combine ice cream and Amaretto. Blend until smooth.
  Serve in a cocktail glass, topped with maraschino cherry.
  
  Recipe By     : Joe Robertson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO FRUIT DIP
 Categories: Dips, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
       16 oz Cool Whip  -- thawed in
  :          refrigerat
    3 3/8 oz Lemon Jello Instant
  :          Pudding/Pie Filling
        8 oz sour cream
      1/4 c  amaretto
  
  Gently whisk together sour cream and amaretto in a medium sized bowl.
  Stir in instant pudding mix. Gently but thoroughly stir in Cool Whip.
  Cover and refrigerate several hours or overnight to combine flavors.
  Serve with sliced fresh fruit.
  
  Recipe By     : zsiaalbdr@cctc.sum.tec.sc.us (Chris Burkett)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO HAZELNUT MACAROON CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Hazelnut crust-----
      1 c  Hazelnuts-roast 10min at 350
      3    Egg whites
      2 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Powdered sugar
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/8 ts Salt
           Filling-----
    1/2 c  Amaretto
      3 ts Gelatin -- unflavored
      2 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 lb Cream cheese
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Lemon zest
      2 c  Cream
 
  Hazelnut macaroon: heat oven to 350. grease 10 inch springform pan.
  line with parchment (DO NOT USE WAX PAPER AS IT STICKS HORRIBLY !).
  grease parchment.  line a cookie sheet with greased parchment
  
  whisk together eggs and vanilla.  remove as much skin from the
  hazelnuts as is convenient.  chop the nuts in a food processor with
  one cup of the powdered sugar for 30 sec. add both powdered and
  regular sugar. pulse a few times to combine.  with processer running,
  pour in egg mixture. process for 15 sec until smooth
  
  reserve 1/2 - 1/3 cup batter.  pour remaining into springform, smooth
  with spatula.  pour reserved batter onto cookie sheet, spread in a
  7-8 inch disk
  
  bake crust 25-30 min., disk 20-25 min.  cool on wire rack
  
  chop op the disk into 1/8 inch pieces and soak in 1/4 amaretto (DO
  NOT SOAK FOR MORE THAN 15 MIN OR THEY GET SOGGY !)
  
  carefully remove crust (VERY CAREFULLY).  replace bottom of
  springform with foil wrapped cardboard circle. replace crust
  
  amaretto cheesecake filling: sprinkle gelatin over 1/4 cp amaretto,
  let stand 5 min. heat in sauce pan with hot (not boiling) water
  stirring for 4 min..  leave in hot water to stay warm
  
  beat cream cheese in mixer for 1 min.  add lemon juice and zest, mix.
  beat cream to soft peaks.  fold 1/3 cream into cream cheese. fold in
  remaining whipped cream. fold in soaked macaroon disk bits
  
  scrape into prepared pan, cover with plastic wrap. refridgerate at
  least 3 hrs. (preferably overnight)
  
  Recipe By     : paris@gene.com (Ken Paris)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO IRISH CREAM CHEESECAKE-REC.FOODS
 Categories: Cheesecakes, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
 
    1 1/2 c  vanilla wafer crumbs
  :     1/2 c  blanched whole almonds,
  :          roasted and finely chopped
  :     1/4 c  melted butter
  :       1 tb Amaretto
  :      24 oz cream cheese
  :       1 c  sugar
  :       4    eggs
  :     1/3 c  whipping cream
  :     1/3 c  blanched whole almonds,
  :          toasted and ground
  :     1/4 c  Irish cream liqueur
    1-1/2 c  sour cream
  :       1 tb sugar
  :     1/2 ts vanilla extract
  
  Combine first four ingredients.  Firmly press mixture evenly on
  bottom of lightly greased 10-inch springform pan. Bake at 350 degrees
  for 10 minutes, then cool. Beat softened cream cheese at high speed
  with an electric mixer until light and fluffy.  Gradually add one
  cups sugar, beating well. Add eggs, one at a time, beating after each
  addition. Stir in whipping cream and next 3 ingredients. Pour into
  pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 50 minutes. Turn oven off and leave
  cheesecake in oven for 30 minutes. Combine sour cream and next 2
  ingredients. Stir and spoon over cake. Sprinkle 1/4 cup almonds
  around the edge. Bake at 500 degrees for 5 minutes. Cool; chill. Walt
  MM
  
  Makes 12 servings.
                                        Date: Thu, 12 Sep 96 20:22:10
  +0000
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO LIQUEUR
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      1 c  Granulated sugar
    3/4 c  Water
      2    Dried apricot halves
      1 tb Almond extract
    1/2 c  Pure grain alcohol and
    1/2 c  Water
      1 c  Brandy
      3 dr Yellow food coloring
      6 dr Red food coloring
      2 dr Blue food coloring
    1/2 ts Glycerin
 
  Combine sugar and 3/4 cup water in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil,
  stirring constantly. Reduce heat and simmer until all sugar is
  dissolved. Remove from heat and cool.
  
  In an aging container, combine apricot halves, almond extract, grain
  alcohol with 1/2 cup water, and brandy. Stir in cooled sugar syrup
  mixture. Cap and let age for 2 days. Remove apricot halves. (Save
  apricot halves, as they may be used for cooking). Add food coloring
  and glycerin. Stir, recap and continue aging for 1 to 2 months.
  
  Re-bottle as desired. Liqueur is ready to serve but will continue to
  improve with additional aging.
  
  Variation: For a more prominent 'bitter almond' flavor, add 4 apricot
  nuts,** split in half, to basic mixture. Leave in for 2 days to 2
  weeks depending upon depth of flavor desired. Remove and discard
  apricot nuts. Continue as directed.
  
  **Note: Apricot 'nuts' come from within the apricot pit. You may
  split pits yourself or obtain them dried at a health food store.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO MOUSSE
 Categories: Pudding
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 pt Whipping cream
      1 tb Gelatin powder
      3 oz Amaretto liqueur
      4    Eggs
      3 tb Confectioners sugar
           Vanilla extract, to taste
           Almond extract, to taste
      1 c  Sliced, toasted almonds
 
  1. Whip the fresh, heavy cream. Place in the refrigerator until ready
  to use. 2. Dissolve the gelatin powder in Amaretto in a double
  boiler. Keep warm until ready to use. 3. Combine the eggs and
  confectioners sugar in a separate double boiler. Heat on low
  temperature until warm while whisking constantly. 4. Remove the egg
  and sugar mixture from heat and mix at high speed until consistency
  reaches firm peaks. 5. Fold the gelatin mixture into the eggs. 6.
  Fold in the whipped cream and add vanilla and almond extract to
  taste. 7. Fill dessert glasses and place in the refrigerator until
  firm (approximately 1 hour). 8. Garnish with sliced, toasted almonds.
  This mousse is a very light dessert. It is good to serve after a meal
  of many courses.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO MOUSSE CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 pk GRAHAM CRACKERS, crushed
    1/3 c  SUGAR
      6 tb BUTTER, melted
           Mix and pat into bottom and
           -up sides of 10" springform
           -pan.
           CAKE
      2    Envelopes KNOX GELATIN
    3/4 c  WATER
      2 lb CREAM CHEESE, unwrapped and
           -warmed in
           Microwave 2 minutes on high
  1 1/2 c  SUGAR
      1    (5 oz.) can EVAPORATED MILK
  1 1/2 ts LEMON JUICE
    1/2 c  AMARETTO
      1 ts VANILLA
      1 c  WHIPPING CREAM, whipped
 
  ** CRUST
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO PANCAKES
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Bisquick
    1/2 c  Almonds -- sliced
      2    Eggs
      1 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Amaretto
           Amaretto Butter  (see
           Recipe)
           Amaretto Syrup  (see
           Recipe)
 
  Beat pancake ingredients together until smooth. Cook as usual.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO PEACH CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      3 tb Margarine
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 ea Large Egg
    3/4 c  Unbleached All-purpose Flour
     24 oz Cream Cheese, Softened
    3/4 c  Sugar
      3 tb Unbleached All-purpose Flour
      3 ea Large Eggs
     16 oz Canned Peach Halves *
    1/4 c  Almond Flavored Liqueur
 
  *   Peach halves should be drained, and then pureed.
  ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~------------------ Combine margarine and sugar until light and
  fluffy. Blend in egg. Add flour; mix well. Spread dough onto bottom
  of 9-inch springform pan. Bake at 450 degrees F., 10 minutes. Combine
  cream cheese, sugar and flour; mixing at medium speed on electric
  mixer until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after
  each addition. Add peaches and liqueur; mix well. Pour over crust.
  Bake at 450 degrees F., 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 250
  degrees F.; continue baking 65 minutes. Loosen cake from rim of pan;
  cool before removing rim of pan. Chill. Garnish with additional peach
  slices and sliced almonds, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO PEACH CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Cheese, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------BASE---------------------------------
      3 tb Margarine
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 ea Egg
    3/4 c  Flour

MMMMM----------------------------BODY---------------------------------
      3 pk 8-ounce cream cheese, soften
    3/4 c  Sugar
      3 tb Flour
      3 ea Eggs
      1 cn 16-ounce peach halves, drain
    1/4 c  Amaretto
 
   BASE: Beat margarine and sugar until light and fluffy. Blend in egg.
   Add flour; mix well.  Spread dough onto bottom of 9-inch springform
  pan. Bake at 450, 10 minutes.
   BODY: Combine cream cheese, sugar and flour, mixing at medium speed
  on electric mixer until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing
  well after each addition. Add peaches and liqueur; mix well.
   Pour over crust.  Bake at 450, 10 minutes.  Reduce oven temperature
  to 250; continue baking 1 hour and 5 minutes. Loosen cake from rim of
  pan; cool before removing rim of pan. Chill. Garnish with toasted
  almond slices and additional peach slices, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO PEACH PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 c  Sliced peaches
      1 ea Whole wheat double pie crust
    1/8 c  Honey
    1/4 c  Butter
    1/4 c  Maple syrup
    1/2 ts Arrowroot
    1/3 c  Amaretto
      3 tb Flour
      3 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
 
  Place peaches in bottom of 9-inch pie crust.  In saucepan, heat
  together honey, butter, and maple syrup until just melted. Stir in
  arrowroot; mixture will thicken. Add Amaretto, flour, lemon juice and
  nutmeg. Pour liquid over peaches.  Cover with top pie crust. Seal
  edges and cut small holes in top crust.  Bake at 350 degrees for 60
  minutes or until pie is golden brown and bubbling at holes. Serves 6
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO SOUR
 Categories: Mixed, Drinks, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 oz Amaretto
    3/4 oz Fresh lemon juice
      1    Maraschino cherry
 
  Shake well with crushed ice and strain into whiskey sour glass.
  Garnish with orange slice and cherry.
  
  Recipe By     : Joe Robertson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO WHISPER CHEESE CAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes, Alcohol
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
           -JUDI M. PHELPS
  1 1/2 c  Chocolate wafer crumbs
      1 c  Almonds; finely chopped and
           -lightly toasted
    3/4 c  Butter; softened
    1/3 c  Sugar
           ----------FILLING-----------
      3    8 oz. packages cream cheese
           -softened
      1 c  Sugar
      4    Eggs
    1/3 c  Heavy cream
    1/4 c  Plus 1 teaspoon Amaretto
           ----------TOPPING-----------
      2 c  Sour cream
      2 tb Sugar
      1 ts Amaretto
           Lightly toasted slivered
           -almonds (for garnish)
 
  CRUST: Combine crumbs, almonds, butter and sugar in a bowl. Press into
  bottom and sides of a 9-inch springform pan.
  
  FILLING: Cream cheese and sugar together in a large mixer bowl. Add
  eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Add cream and
  Amaretto. Beat until light. Pour into crust. Bake at 375 degrees F.
  for 40 minutes. Let stand for 5 minutes on wire rack. Filling will
  not be set.
  
  TOPPING: Combine sour cream, sugar and Amaretto. Spread evenly on
  cake. Bake 5 to 10 minutes; top will still be jiggly in center. Cool
  completely on rack. Cover lightly and chill overnight. Remove from
  springform pan. Place almond slivers around outside edge of top of
  cake. Serves 10 servings.  Source: Cooking for Applause.
  
  Shared and MM by Judi M. Phelps. jphelps@slip.net or jphelps@best.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARETTO-AMARETTI CHOCOLATE CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Cheesecake, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
 
  This is adapted from Maida Heatter's Book of Great Chocolate Desserts,
  (Knopf 1980). It won me a blue ribbon at the Martha's Vineyard
  Agricultural Exhibition and Fair in 1983. If you ever find yourself
  in front of a firing squad, this makes an unbeatable last request.
  
  INGREDIENTS (Serves 16)
  
  CRUST
        7 oz Amaretti (see note)
        2    Tbsp granulated sugar 1 oz unsweetened chocolate (1 square)
        5    Tbsp sweet butter
  
  FILLING
        6 oz semisweet chocolate
        7 oz Amaretti
        4 oz almond paste
      1/3    cup Amaretto liqueur 1 1/2 lb cream cheese at room
  temperature
      1/4    cup granulated sugar
        4    eggs (large or extra-large)
      1/2    cup heavy cream
  
  PROCEDURE (CRUST)
  
  Butter the sides only (not the bottom) of a 9-inch spring-form pan (2
  1/2-3 inches deep). Grind the Amaretti very fine in a food processor
  or blender. Mix with sugar in a mixing bowl.
  
  Melt the chocolate and butter in the top of a double boiler, stirring
  occasionally. Add the melted mixture to the Amaretti crumbs and sugar
  and mix thoroughly. (Don't wash the double boiler; you'll be using it
  again in a minute.)
  
  Turn the mixture into the prepared pan. With your fingers, distribute
  it evenly over the bottom and press it down into a very firm, compact
  layer. Refrigerate while you prepare the filling.
  
  PROCEDURE (FILLING)
  
  Adjust rack 1/3 up from the bottom of the oven and preheat to 350
  deg. F. Partially melt chocolate in the top of a double boiler, then
  uncover and stir until completely melted. Remove the top of the
  double boiler and set aside to cool. Break the Amaretti coarsely into
  a bowl and set aside.
  
  Cut the almond paste into small pieces, and beat on low speed with an
  electric mixer, while gradually adding the Amaretto liqueur. Beat
  until thoroughly mixed, and set aside.
  
  Beat the cream cheese with an electric mixer until smooth. Add the
  sugar and beat until smooth again. Add the almond paste-Amaretto
  mixture and beat until thoroughly mixed. Add the melted chocolate and
  beat well again. Add the eggs one at a time, beating at low speed
  until they are incorporated after each addition. Add the heavy cream
  and beat until smooth. Add the coarsely broken Amaretti and stir
  gently only to mix.
  
  Turn into the prepared pan, pouring the mixture over the bottom crust.
  Rotate the pan gently to level the batter. (Don't worry if the mixture
  comes almost to the top; it won't run over.)
  
  Bake 45 minutes. It will seem soft and not done, but don't bake any
  more; it will become firm when chilled. The top of the cake is
  supposed to look bumpy because of the large chunks of Amaretti.
  
  Let cool completely at room temperature, then carefully remove the
  sides of the pan and refrigerate the cake (still on the bottom of the
  pan) for 4 to 6 hours, or overnight.
  
  NOTES Amaretti are Italian almond-flavored wafer cookies. They are
  usually sold in metal tins with the wafers wrapped in packages of two
  inside the tin. You can also buy Amarettini, which are the same
  flavor but much smaller and not individually wrapped. Since you're
  going to grind some of the wafers and break the others into chunks,
  it doesn't matter which size you start with. One brand is Amaretti di
  Saronna, Lazzaroni & Co. This is an expensive cake, both in terms of
  the cost of the ingredients ($15-$20) and the number of calories.
  
  RATING Difficulty: moderate to hard. Time: 30 minutes preparation,
  45minutes baking, overnight cooling. Precision: measure ingredients
  carefully.
  
  USENET Cookbook 6 Feb 87 -- CONTRIBUTOR: Jan Wolitzky AT&T Bell
  Laboratories, Murray Hill, New Jersey, USA
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMARILLO CHILI
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Bacon,slices,1/2" pieces
      2    Onion(s)
      1    Garlic clove
    1/2 lb Pork shoulder,coarse grind
      1 lb Beef round,1/2" strips
    1/2 lb Beef chuck,coarse grind
      4 cn Green chiles,whole
      1 tb Red chile,hot,ground
      2 tb Red chile,mild,ground
      1 ts Oregano,dried,pref. Mexican
  1 1/2 ts Cumin
  1 1/2 ts Salt
     12 oz Tomato paste
      3 c  Water
     16 oz Pinto beans
 
  1. Fry bacon in a large, deep heavy pot over medium heat. When the
  bacon has rendered most of its fat, remove the pieces with a slotted
  spoon, drain on paper toweling and reserve.
  
  2. Add the onions and garlic to the bacon fat and cook until the
  onions are translucent.
  
  3. Add the pork and beef to the pot. Break up any lumps with a fork
  and cook over medium-high heat, stirring occasionally, until the meat
  is evenly browned.
  
  4. Stir in the remaining ingredients except the beans and the bacon.
  Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 2
  hours. Stir occasionally.
  
  5. Taste and adjust seasonings. Stir in the beans and the bacon, and
  simmer for 1/2 hour longer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMAS RETES (APPLE STRUDEL)
 Categories: Desserts, Hungary
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 ea Recipe of strudel dough (or
           -substitue phyllo dough)
    3/4 c  Butter, melted
    1/2 c  Fine bread crumbs
      8 md Granny Smith apples,
           -peeled, cored and cut thin
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
    1/2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
 
  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place a sheet of strudel dough on a
  damp kitchen towel and butter generously with melted butter. Sprinkle
  with a thin layer of bread crumbs and top with a second sheet of
  dough. Brush this layer with butter and spirnkle with a few of the
  bread crumbs. Repeat, making a second strudel base. Toss together the
  apples, walnuts, sugar, cinnamon and remaining bread crumbs. Spread
  half the apple mixture on a three inch strip down the center of each
  dough, leaving 2 inches of space on each side. Roll the strudel with
  the aid of the towel, jelly roll fashion, staring at the long sid
  nearest you. Tuck in the edges of the dough and place the strudel
  seam, side down on a buttered baking sheet. Brush generously with
  part of remaining butter. Repeat with second strudel. Bake the
  strudels in a preheated oven for 35-30 minutes. If they are browning
  too quickly tent with aluminum foil, but remove it ten minutes before
  cooking time is complete. Dust the strudels with sifted confectioners
  sugar and serve warm. Amas retes - Apple Strudel
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMATRICIANA SAUCE
 Categories: Italian, Pasta, Pork, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Olive oil
      4    Onions; coarsely chopped
      8 oz Canadian bacon , sliced; cut
           Or sliced smoked ham
      4    Cl Garlic; crushed
      2 cn Plum tomatoes , in juice; 35
           (4 cups tomatoes)
      2 ts Surgar
    3/4 c  Dry red wine
           Salt and freshly ground blac
 
  Recipe by: The New Basics Cookbook Heat oil in a medium size heavy
  saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the onions, and saute for 10
  minutes. Stir in the bacon and garlic, and saute f 5 minutes more.
  Stir in the tomatoes, sugar and wine. Season to taste with salt and
  pepper. Simmer, uncovered, for 45 minutes, stirring occasionally.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMAZING COCONUT PIE
 Categories: Dessert, Easy, Mershon, Imposbl pie, Cheese/egg
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Bisquick
      4    Eggs
    1/4 c  Butter
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Coconut
 
  Combine everything but coconut in blender on low for 3 minutes. Pour
  into pie plate, let sit for 5 min.  Top with coconut. Bake at 350 for
  40 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMAZING COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      1 c  Peanut-butter
      1 c  Sugar
      1 lg Egg
 
  Beat the egg.  Don't let your neighbours find out, though. Mix
  everything together.  Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
  
  Place blobs of cookie dough on a greased cookie sheet in the size you
  like, and flatten with a fork to make the traditional peanut-butter
  cookie pattern. Put in oven and bake for 8-10 minutes.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  These are very simple peanut-butter cookies -- They turn out a
  little moist, but are yummy.
  
  *  These cookies are a bit moist, so don't worry about that. Don't
  burn them; they don't taste good when they're burnt.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  5 minutes preparation, 10 minutes baking.
  : Precision:  Measure the ingredients.
  
  : Andrew Scott Beals
  : Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Computation Research Group
  : Livermore, California, U.S.A.
  : bandy@lll-crg.arpa
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMAZING CORN BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Cornmeal
    1/2 c  Flour {I used whole wheat}
      3 tb Baking powder
      3 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt (optional)
      1    Apple made into
           -applesauce or
    1/3 c  Unsweetened applesauce
    3/4 c  Skim milk {I used soy milk}
      2    Egg whites {I used egg
           -replacer equivalent}
 
  Preheat oven to 425 degrees.  Grease a pan (Chris used a medium
  vision pot sprayed lightly with Pam   - I used a 9" square glass
  pyrex pan) and put in oven to preheat. Mix all ingredients, put
  batter into heated pan and bake for 20 mins.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMAZING CORN CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Grains
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn (17 ounces) cream-style
           -corn
    1/2 c  Packed brown sugar
    3/4 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs
      1 c  Vegetable oil
      1 tb Baking powder
  2 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Chopped nuts
           -CARAMEL FROSTING:
      4 tb Butter or margarine
    1/2 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/4 c  Milk
      2 c  Sifted  confectioners'
           -sugar (or more)
 
  In a mixing bowl, combine corn and sugars. Add eggs and oil; beat
  until well blended. Combine dry ingredients; add to batter and mix
  well. Stir in raisins and nuts. Pour into a greased 1 3-in. x 9-in. x
  2-in. baking pan. Bake at 350! for 30-35 minutes or until cake tests
  done. Cool thoroughly. For frosting, bring butter and brown sugar to
  a boil over medium heat. Remove from the heat. Stir in milk. Stir in
  confectioners' sugar until frosting is desired consistency. Frost
  cooled cake. Yield: 12-15 servings. From the files of Al Rice, North
  Pole Alaska. Feb 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMAZING ORANGE-VANILLA CAKE ROLL
 Categories: Try it, Cakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------WOMAN'S DAY; 3/12/1996------------------------

MMMMM----------------------VANILLA FILLING---------------------------
     16 oz Cream cheese, light; room
           Temp
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 lg Eggs; room temp
      1 tb Milk
      2 ts Vanilla extract

MMMMM------------------------ORANGE CAKE-----------------------------
      5 lg Eggs; room temp
    2/3 c  Sugar
      1 tb Orange peel, grated; fresh
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 c  Flour
      2 tb Butter; melted
    1/3 c  Sugar, powdered

MMMMM----------------CANDIED CITRUS SLICES; GARNI---------------------
      2    Oranges
      2    Clementines
      4    Kumquats
      2 c  Water
      2 c  Sugar
 
  Prep: 30 minutes.  Bake: 20 minutes.  Total cost: $3.95. The cake
  bakes right on top of the filling, which is then rolled up inside.
  The cake can be baked up to 1 week ahead.
  
  Preheat oven to 375 F.  Lightly grease 15-1/2"x10-1/2" jelly roll
  pan. Line bottom and sides with waxed paper; grease paper.
  
  Filling: Beat cream cheese and sugar with electric mixer until
  smooth. Beat in eggs, milk, and vanilla JUST until blended. Spread
  evenly in lined pan.
  
  Cake: Beat eggs, sugar, orange peel, and vanilla in large bowl with
  electric mixer on high speed 8-12 minutes, until very thick, pale,
  and at least tripled in volume. (Eggs are the only leavening in this
  cake, so it is very important to beat them to maximum volume. Use a
  large, deep, narrow bowl rather than a wide one. An 8-cup glass
  measure is perfect.) Sprinkle with flour. Fold until just blended.
  Add butter and fold until just blended. Spread evenly over filling in
  pan. Bake 19-21 minutes, until cake springs back when touched in
  center.
  
  While cake bakes, spread clean kitchen towel (not paper or terry
  cloth) on countertop.  Sift powdered sugar through small strainer
  over towel, covering an area the size of the cake.
  
  Invert hot cake onto towel.  Remove pan and carefully peel off paper.
  Starting at one narrow end, neatly roll up cake, using towel as an
  aid. Cool completely on wire rack. Wrap and refrigerate up to 1 week.
  When ready to serve, garnish with candied citrus slices.
  
  Candied citrus slices: choose fruit with thin skin for best results.
  We used three varieties to vary size of slices. Use leftovers to
  garnish other desserts or as an accompaniment to ham or poultry.
  
  Scrub skins.  Slice in 18"-thick rounds.  Bring water and sugar to
  boil in wide skillet.  Add one citrus type at a time in a single
  layer. Reduce heat and simmer uncovered 20-40 minutes, until
  translucent. Remove to bowl with slotted spoon; repeat with remaining
  fruit. Pour syrup over slices; add a little water if syrup is too
  thick. Refrigerate up to 3 months.
  
  Per serving: 329 cal, 10 g pro, 41 g car, 13 g fat, 176 mg chol, 258
  mg sodium.Exchanges: 2 starch, 2/3 other car, 1/2 medium-fat meat, 2
  fat.
  
  Tyops courtesy of Sylvia Steiger.
  
  Nutritional information per serving:  xx calories, xx gm protein, xx
  mg cholesterol,  xx gm carbohydrate, xx mg sodium, x.x gm fiber, xx
  gm fat ( x gm sat,  x gm mono,  x gm poly), x.x mg iron,  xx mg
  calcium, x% of calories from fat.
  
  Brought to you by MMCONV and Sylvia Steiger, CI$ 71511,2253, Internet
  sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com or du_steiger@venus.twu.edu, homepage:
  http://ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/SylviaRN, moderator of GT
  Cookbook and FringeNet Lowfat & Luscious echoes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMAZU SHOGA (PICKLED PINK GINGER)
 Categories: Pickles, Japanese
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    1/3 lb Ginger, fresh young; large
           -pieces, scraped--look for
           -pieces with a pinkish skin
    1/3 c  Rice vinegar
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Using a sharp knife or a Beriner cutter, shave the ginger into
  paper-thin slices. In a small, airtight container, combine the
  vinegar, sugar and salt. Blanch the ginger for 30 seconds in boiling
  water. Drain ginger; cool. If desired, reserve the liquid for cooking
  purposes.
  
  Add the cooled ginger to the vinegar mixture; mix well. Store
  marinating ginger in the refrigerator. Pickled ginger can be eaten
  after 24 hours of marinating. It will keep several weeks. Good with
  either sushi or noodles. Add marinade to salads or sauces.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMAZU SHUGA (PICKLED PINK GINGER)
 Categories: Japanese, Condiments, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    1/3 lb Fresh, Young, Ginger root*
    1/3 c  Rice Vinegar
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
           *Large pieces, pref. with
           -pinkish skin, scraped
 
  Whilst poring over my three volume loose leaf cookbook (inhabited
  mainly by stuff snatched from here) I ran across the following that I
  though you might be interested in. I think that the caveat about
  fresh, young ginger root is necessary to this recipe.  I don't think
  the older, woody stuff would work at all. Guess this originally
  appeared here from the heading...
  
  Using a sharp knife or a Beriner cutter,shave ginger root into paper-
  thin slices.  In a small, airtight container, combine vinnegar, sugar
  and salt. Blanch ginger for 30 seconds in boiling water. Drain
  ginger; cool. If desired, reserve liquid for cooking purposes. Add
  cooled ginger to vinegar mixture; mix well.  Store marinating ginger
  in the refrigerator. Pickled ginger can be eaten after 24 hours of
  marinating. It will keep several weeks.  Good with either Sushi or
  noodles. Add marinade to salads or sauces.
  
  Makes 1 serving.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg December 18 1990.
  
  Originally from Larry Dumlao.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBER CIDER PUNCH
 Categories: Beverages, Fruits
      Yield: 5 Cups
 
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Allspice
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      2 c  Apple cider OR
      6 oz Frozen apple juice concent -
           Thawed and mixed with -
           Water (to equal 2 cups)
      6 oz Frozen orange juice concent.
      2 c  Ginger ale
           ===Garnish===
           Orange wedges or slices
           (whole) Cloves
 
     Mix sugar and spices. Stir in cider and heat until sugar
  dissolves. Add frozen concentrate and stir until melted. Chill.
     To serve, add ginger ale and serve over ice in glasses with small
  orange wedges or with orange slices studded with whole cloves in a
  punch bowl.
     Makes 5 cups.
  
  Source:  "Presentations...a collection of culinary favoriets";
  Friends of Lied; Lied Center for the Performing Arts; University of
  Nebraska - Lincoln; Lincoln, Nebraska.
     Formatted for Meal Master by:  Nancy Filbert - Prodigy ID -
  LRCE87A; April, 1997.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Cream, heavy
      2    Bananas (or equivalent
           -amount of soft fruit)
           Broken meringue
 
  Whip the cream.  Chop fruit coarsely, but don't crush. Break meringue
  into large crumbs.  Mix everything shortly before serving and pile
  into glasses.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Simple dessert for failed Pavlova attempts -- My mother used to
  make the banana variety of this when she cooked her meringues a
  little too long or too hot. I've no idea of its origins.
  
  *  I can never make up my mind whether I prefer the strawberry or the
  banana version. Peach should be pretty good too, though I've never
  tried it.
  
  *  This is a neat way of saving a Pavlova attempt when the meringue
  part fails:  it produces a delicious desert and no-one need ever
  know...
  
  : Difficulty:  very simple.
  : Time:  10 minutes presuming you have the meringue available.
  : Precision:  No need to measure.
  
  : Marcus G Hand,
  : AT&T Information Systems, Middletown, NJ.
  : mtuni!mgh
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA CAKE ROYALE
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 1/4 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Pecans, chopped
      1 c  Flaked coconut
    1/2 c  Pineapple tidbits, drained
    1/2 c  Maraschino cherries,
           -drained, coarsely chopped
      2 tb Orange peel, grated
      2    Eggs, beaten
      1 c  Buttermilk
    1/2 c  Oil
           Hot Ambrosia Sauce
 
  Combine first 5 ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Add pecans and
  next 4 ingredients, tossing to coat.
  
  Combine eggs, buttermilk, and oil. Add to fruit mixture; stir until
  blended. Spoon into a greased and floured 10-inch Bundt pan; bake at
  350 degrees for 45-50 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in
  center comes out clean. Cool cake in pan 10 minutes; remove from pan,
  and let cool completely on a wire rack. Serve with Hot Ambrosia Sauce.
  
  Hot Ambrosia Sauce -
  
  11 ounces mandarine oranges, drained
      1/2    cup chopped pecans 1/2 cup pineapple tidbits, drained 1/4
  cup maraschino cherries, drained & coarsley chopped
      1/2    cup flaked coconut
    1 1/4    cups sugar
      1/4    cup plus 2 tablespoons milk
      1/4    cup margarine pinch of baking soda
  
  Combine first 5 ingredients in a mixing bowl; set aside. Combine
  sugar, milk, and margarine in a heavy saucepan; bring to a boil, and
  cook 3-4 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; stir in
  soda. Pour over fruit mixture; stir well. Yield: 2 1/2 cups.
  
  Recipe by: Austin American Statesman By tpogue@ids2.idsonline.com
  (terry pogue) on Dec 09, 1996
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Flaked coconut
    1/4 c  Chopped almonds
      2 tb Butter or marg.; melted
     24 oz Cream cheese; softened
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      2 ts Grated orange peel
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 c  Apricot nectar
    1/2 c  Cream of coconut
      4    Large eggs
      8 oz Crushed pineapple, drained
           Sliced assorted fruits*
      2 ts Shortening; melted
    1/4 c  Semisweet-chocolate pieces**
    1/4 c  White-chocolate pieces**
 
  *Note: Suggested fruits: bananas, seedless green and red grapes,
  kiwifruit, canned mandarin-orange slices, strawberries, etc.)
  **Chocolate pieces should be melted. 1. Day before serving: Preheat
  oven to 350 degrees. In medium bowl, combine coconut, almonds and
  butter; mix well. Press mixture into bottom of 9-inch springform pan.
  Bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Cool. 2. In large bowl of
  electric mixer, at high speed, beat cream cheese, sugar, flour,
  orange peel and vanilla until fluffy. Beat in apricot nectar and
  cream of coconut. Beat in eggs, one at a time, until blended. Stir in
  pineapple; pour into prepared crust. Bake 1 hour and 10 minutes, or
  until set. Cool in pan on wire rack; refrigerate overnight. 3. Just
  before serving, arrange fruit over top of cake. Stir one teaspoon
  melted shortening into each of melted semisweet and white chocolates
  until blended. Place each mixture in a separate small pastry bag
  fitted with small plain tip; pipe over fruit.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA CREAM PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
     11 oz Mandarin orange segments
           - well drained
      8 oz Crushed pineapple
           - well drained
      1 c  Milk
      1 pk Vanilla pudding and pie mix
           -(instant, 4-serving size)
      1 c  Non-dairy whipped topping
           - thawed
    1/2 c  MOUNDS Sweetened Coconut
           -Flakes
      1    Packaged crumb crust (6 oz)

MMMMM--------------------------OPTIONAL-------------------------------
           Additional whipped topping
           Coconut
 
  1. Chop orange segments. Lightly press orange pieces and pineapple
  between layers of paper towels to remove excess moisture.
  
  2. In medium bowl, combine milk and pudding mix; stir well. Add
  whipped topping, stir well. Add coconut, oranges and pineapple; stir
  well. Pour into crust.
  
  3. Cover; refrigerate until firm enough to cut, 6 hours or overnight.
  Cover; store in refrigerator. Garnish with additional whipped topping
  and coconut, if desired. 8 servings.
  
  [Copyright 1995 Hershey Foods Corporation.] [Recipe may be reprinted
  courtesy of the Hershey Kitchens.]
  
  [Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen Mintzias]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA FRUIT
 Categories: Breakfast, Fruits, Taste of ho
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 cn Pineapple chunks in light
           -syrup
    1/4 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/2 ts Orange peel; grated
      2 md Oranges
      2 md Apples, unpeeled; diced
      1 tb Coconut
 
  Recipe by: Sue Klapper Drain pineapple, reserving 1/4 cup juice in a
  saucepan; set pineapple aside. Add brown sugar and orange peel to the
  juice; heat until sugar dissolves. Peel and section oranges into a
  large bowl, reserving any juice; add the apples and pineapple. Add
  pineapple juice mixture and stir gently. Chill. Just before serving,
  sprinkle with coconut.  Source: Taste of Home Magazine Oct./Nov. 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA FRUIT DIP
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      8 oz Cream cheese; softened
      1 c  Plain lowfat yogurt
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 ts Grated lemon rind
     14    Packets Equal sweetner
 
  Blend cream cheese & yogurt until smooth. Stir in remaining
  ingredients. Chill. Makes 2 cups or 8 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA FRUIT SALAD
 Categories: Brunch, Christmas, Fruits, Kids, Salads
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
      2 cn Mandarin oranges; drained
      2    Pineapple; tidbits, drained
      2 ea Banana; sliced
      2 c  Grapes; green or red
           -seedless
      2    Vanilla yogurt
      1 c  Almonds; slivered
      2 c  Coconut; flaked
      2 c  Marshmallows; mini
 
  Mix all ingredients together and chill.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA MOLD
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 cn Crushed pineapple in juice,
           -undrained (8 oz)
      2 c  Boiling water
      1 pk JELL-O Brand Orange Flavor
           -Gelatin (8-serving size)
  1 3/4 c  Thawed COOL WHIP Whipped
           -Topping
      1 cn Mandarin orange segments,
           -drained (11 oz)
  1 1/2 c  KRAFT Miniature Marshmallows
    1/2 c  BAKER'S ANGEL FLAKE Coconut
 
  DRAIN pineapple, reserving liquid. Add cold water to liquid to
  measure 1 cup.
  
  STIR boiling water into gelatin in large bowl 2 minutes or until
  completely dissolved. Stir in measured liquid. Refrigerate 1 1/4
  hours or until slightly thickened (consistency of unbeaten egg
  whites).
  
  STIR in whipped topping with wire whisk until smooth. Refrigerate 10
  minutes or until mixture will mound. Stir in oranges, pineapple,
  marshmallows and coconut. Spoon into 6-cup mold.
  
  REFRIGERATE 4 hours or until firm. Unmold.
  
  To Prepare with JELL-O Brand Sugar Free Gelatin: Prepare as directed
  above, using JELL-O Brand Orange Flavor Sugar Free Low Calorie
  Gelatin Dessert and COOL WHIP LITE Whipped Topping.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA ROSE'
 Categories: Kosher, Appetizers, Cajun, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4    Grapefruit
      1    Pineapple
    1/2 c  Sugar (or more to taste)
           Nutmeg
      6    Oranges
      1 pt Strawberries
           Shredded coconut
    1/2 c  White or rose' wine
 
  Dice pinepple; cut grapefruit and oranges in sections. Wash berries
  and remove stems; add to fruits.  Add sugar and let steep for several
  hours in refrigerator. Before serving, add wine. Sprinkle with
  shredded coconut and nutmeg.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Fruits, Side dish, Holiday
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2    (6-oz) packages apricot-
           -flavored gelatin
      2 c  ;boiling water
      1 c  Rose wine or dry white wine;
           -chilled
    3/4 c  ;cold water
      1 pk (10-oz) frozen sliced
           -strawberries; thawed and
           -undrained
      1 cn (8-oz) crushed pineapple;
           -undrained
      2    Bananas; peeled, cut in half
           -lengthwise, and sliced
      1 c  Sour cream
      2 tb Brown sugar
      1 tb To 2 tbsp coconut; toasted
           Lettuce leaves
 
     Combine gelatine and boiling water in a large bowl; stir 2 minutes
  or until gelatine dissolves.  Add wine and cold water; chill until the
  consistency of unbeaten egg white.
     Stir in strawberries, pineapple, and bananas; pour into a lightly
  greased 6-cup mold.
     Cover and chill 8 hours.
     Combine sour cream and brown sugar; spoon into a serving dish.
  Sprinkle with toasted coconut.
    Unmold salad onto lettuce leaves; serve with sour cream mixture.
  Yield:
       12    servings.
  
  Martha Myers of Maryland, in November, 1994 "Southern Living". Typos
  by Jeff Pruett.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA SALAD > SOUTHERN LIVING
 Categories: Salads, Fruits, Sauces
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4    Bananas; sliced
  1 1/2 c  Oranges; diced
      1 c  Grapes, seedless
      1 c  Dates; chopped
      4 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 c  Coconut, flaked

MMMMM------------------RED FRUIT SALAD DRESSING-----------------------
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
    1/2 c  Cranberry sauce, jellied
    1/2 c  Cream, whipping; whipped
 
  Combine first 4 ingredients, and sprinkle with lemon juice; chill.
  Before serving, toss lightly.  Garnish with coconut, and serve with
  Red Fruit Salad Dressing.
  
  Red Fruit Salad Dressing: Combine all ingredients, using a folding
  motion. Yield: 2 cups.
  
  SOURCE: Southern Living Magazine, December 1976.
     Typos by Nancy Coleman.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA'S POUND CAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
           -Waldine Van Geffen VGHC42A
      1 lb Butter; softened
      1 lb Sifted cake flour
     10 md Eggs; separated
      1 lb Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Lemon or orange juice
        x  Zest from lemon or orange
 
  Cream butter and flour. Beat yolks, vanilla and juice. Add to
  butter/flour mixture, gradually. Beat whites with 1 t sugar and fold
  in. Beat on low for 4 to 5 minutes. Pour into 2 8x4" greased and
  floured pans. Bake 325~ for 1 1/4 hours. Source: Chef Buster Ambrosia
  (wrv)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIA'S ZUCCHINI CASSEROLE
 Categories: Vegetables, Casseroles
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Waldine Van Geffen VGHC42A
           Olive Oil
           Tomatoes; sliced
           Red onions; sliced
           Zucchini; slices
           Mozzarella; grated
           Parmesan; grated
 
  Pour olive oil in bottom of casserole. Layer tomatoes, onions,
  zucchini and cheese. Repeat layers ending with cheese. Bake 375~
  until bubbly. Source: Chef Buster Ambrosia (wrv)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBROSIAL  JAM
 Categories: J, M
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      8    Peaches, peeled
      3 lg Oranges
           Pulp of 1 med. cantaloupe
      1    Lemon
      1    (8 1/2 oz.) can crushed
           Pineapple
           Sugar
 
  Chop all ingredients fine.  Put oranges through food chopper. Combine
  all with 3/4 cup sugar for every 1 cup of fruit. Mix well and let
  stand overnight.
   Next morning, gently cook mixture 1 hour, stirring frequently. Pour
  into hot jars and seal.  Makes 8 pints.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMBUSH CHILI*
 Categories: Chili, Tex-mex, Main dish, Meats
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 lb Lean rough grnd chuck steak
      1 lb Lean pork shoulder
      3    Medium onions chopped
      1    Green Bell pepper chopped
      1    Red Bell pepper chopped
      8    Fresh Jalapeno peppers
           -(2 seeded & chopped)
           -balance gashed
      2 tb Fresh ground cumin
      1 ts All Spice
      1 tb Blackstarp molasses
     12 oz (1 can) beer(not Lite)
      2 oz Sour mash whiskey
      1 oz Vietnamese hot sauce or
           - Tabasco sauce
      5    Cloves garlic crushed
      3 tb * masa harina (fine yellow
           -corn meal)
      1 tb Soy sauce
      3    Bay leaves
      2 c  Stewed tomatos chopped
      1 c  Tomato sauce
      1 c  Tomato paste
 
  Saute' onions, garlic, and chopped peppers in 4 Tblspns of peanut oil
  or bacon grease. Add the meat & cook until browned. Add other
  ingredients except the cumin. Stir constantly until it reaches a
  boil. Boil for 3-5 minutes then lower heat and cook, stirring often.
  After cooking for 10 minutes add 1 Tblspn of cumin and stir it in.
  Cook for 1 hour on simmer then add the remnaining cumin. Cook for 15
  minutes more and serve! This the recipe for my own AMBUSH CHILI, that
  has won in many cook-offs, and is retired from competition. The new
  recipe is called Ambush-2 Chili and has been entered now, in some 12
  cook- offs and has placed each time including 3 1st's! "CHILI RULE
  #1: NEVER USE BEANS IN CHILI! THEY ARE A SIDE DISH, NOT PART OF
  CHILI!"
  
  I believe this is from dandy Don Huston, down Floriday way...
  Reposted by Bud Cloyd
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMEHNAT (COUNTRY STYLE BEEF)
 Categories: Burma, Beef
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Onion, chopped fine
      1 lg Garlic clove, chopped fine
    1/2    Inch fresh ginger, chopped
           -fine
      1 ts Dried hot red chili flakes
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Fish sauce (nam pya ye)
    1/4 ts Ground turmeric
      1 tb Corn or peanut oil
      1 lb Boneless beef chuck, cut
           -into 2-inch cubes
      1 c  Water
      1    Stalk lemongrass, cut into 4
           -pieces, lightly pounded
      1 ts Tamarind paste, dissolved in
      2 tb Water, and strained through
           - a metal seive
 
  This dish is known as a 'slow cook' and is prepared over wood fires
  in the villages.  Keeping the pan covered and simmering slowly
  ensures that the flavors are sealed in. It is a typical method of
  village cooking.
  
  Marinade: 1. Mix the marinade ingredients together; pour over been,
  and marinate for 15 minutes.
  
  2.  Put the beef and marinade in a pan, add the water and lemongrass,
  and stir to mix.  Bring to a boil, cover, and simmer over low heat
  for about 1 1/2 hours. Do not uncover the pan until beef is almost
  tender. Shake the pan once or twice during this time.
  
  3.  When the beef is tender, add the tamarind liquid; adjust the salt
  if necessary.  Cook the beef for 5 minutes more.
  
  Serve warm with rice and other dishes.
  
  From:  THE BURMESE KITCHEN by Copeland Marks and Aung Thein, Evans and
  Company, Inc., New York.  1987. ISBN 0-87131-524-6 Posted by: Karin
  Brewer, Cooking Echo, 9/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN BRIOCHE
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 ts Salt
      1 pk Yeast
    1/4 c  Warm water
      1    Egg; separated
      3    Whole eggs; beaten
  3 1/4 c  Flour; sifted
 
  Recipe by: Craig Claiborne 1. Scald milk and cool to lukewarm.
  
  2.  Cream butter, adding sugar gradually.  Add salt.
  
  3.  Soften the yeast in the water.
  
  4.  Blend milk, creamed mixture and yeast.  Add the egg yolk, whole
  eggs and flour and beat with a wooden spoon for 2 minutes.
  
  5.  Cover and let rise in a warm place until more than doubled in
  bulk, about 2 hours or less.
  
  6.  Stir down and beat thoroughly.  Cover tightly with foil and
  refrigerate overnight.
  
  7.  Preheat oven to hot (425F); place rack near bottom.
  
  8.  Stir the dough down and turn out onto a floured board. Cut off
  slightly less than one quarter of the dough and reserve. Cut the
  remaining dougn into 16 pieces and form into balls of equal size.
  Place in well-greased muffin pan (2 /3/4 x 1 1/4 inches deep).
  
  Cut the smaller piece of dough into 16 pieces and shape into smooth
  balls. Moisten finger slightly and make a depression in each large
  ball. Place a small ball in each depression. Cover and let rise in a
  warm place until double in bulk, about 1 hour.
  
  9.  Beat the remaining egg white with a teaspoon of sugar. Brush over
  brioche.  Bake until brown, or 15 -
       20    minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN CHEESE & NUT FILLING
 Categories: Sandwiches, Fillings, Cheese
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     10 tb Grated American cheese
    1/4 c  Coarsely chopped nuts
           Mayonnaise
 
    To the American cheese add nuts and moisten with mayonnaise. Serve
  on rye bread. Makes 1 c. Jeannie Allen
  
  From: Lewisallen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN CHOCOLATE BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Chocolate
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  All-purpose flour or bread
           -flour
      1 c  Warm water (105 - 115 F)
      2    Envelopes dry yeast
      2 tb Honey
           Dough:
      1 c  Lukewarm milk (95 F)
      3 tb Butter, melted
      4    To 5 cups all-purpose flour
           -or bread flour
      8 oz Semisweet chocolate,
           -coarsely chopped
      1    Egg beaten with 2 Tbs
           -whipping cream (glaze)
           Sugar
 
  Makes 8 small loaves
  
  Sponge:
  
  For sponge:  Whisk flour, water, yeast and honey in large bowl until
  smooth.  cover with plastic.  Let stand in warm draft-free area 1
  hour.
  
  For dough:  Stir down sponge, using wooden spoon. Blend in milk,
  butter and salt.  Mix in enough flour 1/2 cup at a time to form soft
  dough. Knead on floured surface until smooth and no longer sticky,
  adding more flour if necessary, about 10 minutes.
  
  Grease large bowl.  Add dough, turning to coat entire surface. Cover
  bowl with plastic.  Let rise in warm draft-free area until doubled,
  about 1 1/4 hours.
  
  Grease eight 2 1/2 x 4 1/2-inch loaf pans.  Gently knead dough on
  lightly floured surface until deflated. Pat out to 3/4 inch-thick
  rectangle. Cut into 8 even pieces. Pat each out into 4x7-inch
  rectangle. Spread 1 ounce chocolate on short end of each. Roll up
  jelly roll fashion. Pinch seam and ends to seal. Arrange seam side
  down in prepared pans. Cover with kitchen towel.  Let rise for 15
  minutes to lighten.
  
  Preheat oven to 375 F.  Brush loaves with egg glaze and sprinkle with
  sugar.  Bake until light brown and loaves sound hollow when tapped on
  bottom, about 30 minutes. Immediately remove from pans. Cool on racks
       10    minutes.  Serve loaves hot.
  
  Variation:  Spread 1 Tbs raspberry preserves on short end of dough
  before adding chopped chocolate.
  
  Bon Appetit
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN CHOP SUEY
 Categories: Pasta, Beef
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Ground beef
      1    Onion, chopped
      1 cn Tomatoes
      1 lb Macaroni
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
  Brown the ground beef and onions in a skillet. Meanwhile cook the
  macaroni. Rinse and Drain when done. Add the can of tomatoes to the
  browned beef mixture and heat through. Mix the macaroni with the
  ground beef/tomato mixture, add salt and pepper to taste, and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Breads, Osg
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
  4 1/2 c  Flour
      4 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
      4 tb Sugar
      2 tb Butter; or lard - rounded
      2 ea Eggs
  1 1/3 c  Milk
           Topping---------------------
           -----------------------
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Butter
    1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Sugar
 
  Sift flour, add baking powder, salt, sugar. Sift three times. Chop
  butter in with spoon. Beat up whites until stiff. Add egg yolks,
  beat. Add milk. Beat all together, turn into 2 square pans and spread
  with the topping mixture.
  
  Source: Casstown Lostcreek Grange, Miami County, OH
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN COUNTRY BISCUITS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
  2 1/2 ts Double-acting baking powder
      2 ts Sugar
      1 ts Salt
      7 tb Butter
    3/4 c  Milk
 
  Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
  
  Combine all the dry ingredients in a large bowl.  Cut the butter into
  small bits and stir them into the dry ingredients, using your finger
  tips to make sure its well combined. (Note:I used a pastry
  cutter.worked just as well as my fingers and lot less messy.)
  Next,slowly add the milk to the mixture while stirring continually.
  Once the milk has been added, knead the dough for one minute until
  smooth. Roll the dough out to quarter inch thickness. Cut into
  squares and place on a dry cookie sheet. Place the cookie sheet on
  the middle shelf. Bake for 12 minutes and feel secure in knowing that
  you have passed on a small piece of America's heritage on to your
  children.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN DRESSING
 Categories: Saucen, Marinaden
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------FUER 4 PERSONEN---------------------------
           125 g Salatmayonnaise
           - (50%~Fett)
           125 g Speisequark (20%~Fett)
           5 El Saure Sahne
           3 El Tomatenketchup
           1 Knoblauchzehe
           1 Bund Schnittlauch
           1 Bund glatte Petersilie
           1 Troepfchen Estragon
           Salz
           Weisser Pfeffer
           1-2 Tropfen Tabasco
           1-2 El Cognac
 
    1. Mayonnaise, Speisequark, saure Sahne und Tomatenketchup in eine
  Schuessel geben. Mit einem Schneebesen glattruehren.
  
    2. Knoblauchzehe abziehen, sehr fein hacken oder durch eine
  Knoblauchpresse druecken. Zur Sosse geben und unterruehren.
  
    3. Kraeuter waschen und mit Kuechenkrepp trockentupfen.
  Schnittlauch mit einer Kuechenschere in feine Roellchen schneiden.
  Petersilien- und Estragonblaetter abzupfen, fein schneiden.
  
    4. Kraeuter unter die Sosse ruehren und alles pikant mit Salz,
  Pfeffer, Tabasco, Cognac oder Weinbrand abschmecken.
  
    Das American Dressing passt gut zu Endivien- und Eichblattsalat,
  aber auch zu Roemer-, Chicor'ee- und Eisbergsalat. Es eignet sich
  ausserdem als Gemuese-Dip, z.B. zu Moehren, Staudensellerie, Fenchel
  und Kohlrabi.
  
  Zubereitungszeit     20 Minuten * Pro Person 270 Kalorien
  
  Erfasser: Barbara Datum: 13.01.1993 Stichworte: Dressing, Sossen,
  Saucen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN FLAG COOKIES
 Categories: Cookie, Bar
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      1 c  Margarine -- softened
      1    Egg white -- whipped
      2 ts Pure vanilla extract
  2 1/2 c  Unbleached flour
  1 1/2 c  Granulated sugar
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Red food coloring
      1 ts Blue food coloring
 
  In a mixing bowl, combine margarine, egg white, and vanilla extract.
  In anther mixing bowl, combine flour, sugar, and baking powder. Mix
  wet ingredients with dry ingredients just until moistened. Divide
  dough into 3 equal portions. Tint 1 portion with red food coloring
  and another portion with blue food coloring. Mix throughly to get a
  uniform color. Untinted dough represents white. Form each portion
  into long bars. Wrap each bar in waxed paper. Refrigerate until easy
  to handle. Remove wax paper and stack bars on top of each other in
  the desired color arrangement. Wrap entire bars in waxed paper again
  and chill until firm. Preheat oven to 350. Slice bars into 1/4"
  thick. Place on baking sheet. Bake for 12 minutes.
  
  Recipe By     : Women's Circle, Home Cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN FRIES **
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb UNPEELED BAKING POTATOES
    1/2 ts ONION POWDER
    1/4 ts SALT
    1/4 ts GARLIC POWDER
    1/4 ts PEPPER
    1/2 ts PAPRIKA
 
  CUT POTATOES INTO 1/4 INCH THICK SLICES. PAT DRY WITH PAPER TOWLING.
  COMBINE ALL SPICES, MIXING WELL. PLACE POTATO SLICES IN A ZIP LOCK
  BAG, ADD SPICES AND SHAKE TO COAT ALL PIECES WELL. ARRANGE POTATOES
  ON A BAKING SHEET, COATED WITH COOKING SPRAY, IN A SINGLE LAYER. BAKE
  AT 425 DEG F. FOR ABOUT 20 MINUTES. PROTEIN 3.1 / FAT 0.3 /
  CARBOHYDRATE 23 / CHOLESTEROL 0 / IRON 1.7 SODIUM 127 / CALCIUM 20
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN GARLIC & PARSLEY BREAD - MACHINE
 Categories: Breads, Abm
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 ts Active dry yeast
      3 c  Bread flour
      3 tb Wheat germ
      3 tb Wheat bran
  1 3/4 ts Salt
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      3 tb Chopped fresh parsley
  1 1/4 c  Water
 
       Add all ingredients in the order suggested by your bread machine
  manual and process on the basic bread cycle according to the
  manufacturer's directions.  For DAK/Welbilt, use White bread setting.
  Let the loaf cool before slicing.  Serve plain or toasted.
       "This is good bread for a steak sandwich, French dip roast beef,
  or a grilled mozzarella cheese and tomato sandwich. Baking the garlic
  right in the bread lightens the garlic flavor. If this is not a
  strong enough garlic statement for you, add another clove."
  
  From: The Best Bread Machine Cookbook Ever By: Madge Rosenberg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN GARLIC & PARSLEY BREAD - MACHINE
 Categories: 
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 ts Active dry yeast
      2 tb Sugar
      3 c  Bread flour
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      3 tb Wheat germ
      2    Garlic cloves -- minced
      3 tb Wheat bran
      3 tb Chopped fresh parsley
  1 3/4 ts Salt
  1 1/4 c  Water
 
  Add all ingredients in the order suggested by your bread machine
  manual and process on the basic bread cycle according to the
  manufacturer's directions.  For DAK/Welbilt, use White bread setting.
  Let the loaf cool before slicing.  Serve plain or toasted. "This is
  good bread for a steak sandwich, French dip roast beef, or a grilled
  mozzarella cheese and tomato sandwich.  Baking the garlic right in
  the bread lightens the garlic flavor. If this is not a strong enough
  garlic statement for you, add another clove. From: The Best Bread
  Machine Cookbook Ever By: Madge Rosenberg
  
  Recipe By     : Submitted By MARTHAHS@IX.NETCOM.COM (MARTHA SHEPPARD
  ) On SUN, 31 DEC 1995 180028 -0800
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN GARLIC & PARSLEY BREAD FOR BREAD M
 Categories: Breads, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 ts Active dry yeast
      3 c  Bread flour
      3 tb Wheat germ
      3 tb Wheat bran
  1 3/4 ts Salt
  1 1/2 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 tb Vegetable oil
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      2 tb Parsley, fresh chopped
  1 1/4 c  Water
 
  Add all ingredients in the order suggested by your bread machine
  manual and process on the basic bread cycle according to the
  manufacturer's directions. Let the loaf cool before slicing. Serve
  plain or toasted. Makes 1-1/2 pound loaf.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN GARLIC & PARSLEY BREAD FOR BREAD M
 Categories: Breads, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 ts Active dry yeast
      3 c  Bread flour
      3 tb Wheat germ
      3 tb Wheat bran
  1 3/4 ts Salt
  1 1/2 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 tb Vegetable oil
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      2 tb Parsley, fresh chopped
  1 1/4 c  Water
 
  Add all ingredients in the order suggested by your bread machine
  manual and process on the basic bread cycle according to the
  manufacturer's directions. Let the loaf cool before slicing. Serve
  plain or toasted. Makes
    1-1/2    pound loaf.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN HEART ASSN. HERB BLENDS FOR SEASONIN
 Categories: Herbs, Seasonings
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           HERB MIX
    1/2 ts Red pepper
      1 tb Garlic powder

MMMMM----------------1 TSP EACH OF ANY OR ALL OF---------------------
           Basil Thyme
           Onion Powder     Black
           -pepper     Sage
           Parsley Savory Mace
 
  All seasonings should be ground. Can substitute ground dill for sage.
  Can substitute nearly any other ground herb that suits your taste.
  Meat-Vegetable Blend 3/4 tsp parsley flakes 1 tsp marjoram 3/4 tsp
  rosemary 1/2 tsp sage Fish Blend 3/4 tsp parsley flakes 1/2 tsp onion
  powder 1/2 tsp sage                      1/4 tsp marjoram 1/4 tsp
  paprika Meat or Poultry 3/4 tsp marjoram 1/2 tsp thyme 1/2 tsp
  oregano 1/2 tsp sage 1/2 tsp rosemary Meat, Potatoes, Veggies 1 tsp
  dry mustard 1/2 tsp sage 1/2 tsp thyme
      1/4    tsp marjoram
  
  Submitted By WARING@IMA.INFOMAIL.COM (SAM WARING)  On
        7    JUL 1995 154656 ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN HERMITS
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter; softened
      1 c  Brown sugar (packed)
      1    Egg; beaten
    1/4 c  Sour cream
    1/4 c  Milk
      2 c  All-purpose flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 pn Salt
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground cloves
      1 c  Raisins

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
    3/4 c  Powdered sugar; sifted
      2 tb Half and half
      3 dr Vanilla
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F (175 C).  Grease several baking sheets with
  butter and dust with flour.  In a large bowl, beat butter with brown
  sugar until very creamy. Beat in egg, sour cream and milk. Sift
  flour, baking powder, salt and allspice into bowl; mix well.  Stir in
  raisins. Drop heaping teaspoonfuls of mixture onto prepared baking
  sheets, spacing well apapt. Using a fork dipped in cold water,
  flatten each teaspoonful slightly. Bake about 15 minutes or until
  lightly browned. Meanwhile, prepare glaze. In a small bowl, beat
  together powdered sugar, half and half and vanilla until smooth.  As
  soon as the cookies come out of the oven, brush a thin layer of glaze
  over each one. Place on a wire rack to cool. Source: "The Book of
  Cookies" by Pat Alburey, HP Books.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN INDIAN HOPI BLUE CORN MUSH "SAVORY W
 Categories: Bakery, Hopi, Amerind, Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 qt Water
           Salt
  1 1/2 c  Blue cornmeal
           Oil, for frying
 
  Bring water to a boil in a saucepan, add salt to taste, and whisk in
  the cornmeal. Lower the heat and stir the cornmeal for 10 minutes or
  until it tastes done. The coarser the meal, the longer it will take.
  Pour the cooked cereal onto a cookie sheet or into a bread pan and
  set it aside to cool for an hour or so or until firm. Once it has
  cooled, slice it into pieces for frying. Fry the slices in butter or
  oil in a nonstick pan until lightly crisped on both sides. If this is
  to be eaten as a savory, sprinkle a little red chili or paprika on
  top just before serving.
  
  This is cooked like cornmeal mush, molded in a bread pan, and then
  sliced and fried. It is delicious with a clear corn flavor and odd
  purple-blue color. It's good with eggs and bacon, or with butter.
  
  Deborah Madison, "The Savory Way",  Posted by Dorothy Hair
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN INDIAN HOPI BLUE CORN MUSH "SAVORY WAY"
 Categories: Native amer, Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 qt Water
           Salt
  1 1/2 c  Blue cornmeal
           Oil, for frying
 
  Bring water to a boil in a saucepan, add salt to taste, and whisk in
  the cornmeal. Lower the heat and stir the cornmeal for 10 minutes or
  until it tastes done.  The coarser the meal, the longer it will take.
  Pour the cooked cereal onto a cookie sheet or into a bread pan and
  set it aside to cool for an hour or so or until firm. Once it has
  cooled, slice it into pieces for frying. Fry the slices in butter or
  oil in a nonstick pan until lightly crisped on both sides. If this is
  to be eaten as a savory, sprinkle a little red chili or paprika on
  top just before serving.
  
  This is cooked like cornmeal mush, molded in a bread pan, and then
  sliced and fried. It is delicious with a clear corn flavor and odd
  purple-blue color. It's good with eggs and bacon, or with butter.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN LASAGNA (USDA)
 Categories: Freezes wel, Usda
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
  2 1/4 lb Lean ground beef
    1/3 c  Instant minced onion
    3/4 ts Garlic powder
      4 ts Salt
    3/8 ts Red pepper -- crushed
      1 tb Oregano
      3 tb Parsley flakes
     18 oz Tomato paste -- 3 (6-oz)
           Cans
     24 oz Tomato sauce -- 3 (8-oz)
           Cans
  2 1/4 c  Hot water
      3 lg Eggs -- beaten
      3 lb Cream style cottage cheese
      1 lb Lasagna noodles -- cooked,
           (18 noodles)
     12 oz Processed cheddar cheese --
           Shredded
    3/4 c  Parmesan cheese
 
  Line four 8x8x2-inch baking pans with heat-resistant freezer wrap.
  Allow enough extra wrap to fold over top. Use one pan for each six
  servings or one-fourth of the recipe. Do not line pans for food to be
  served without freezing.
  
  Crumble beef; cook until lightly browned.  Stir in onion. Cook until
  onion is tender.  Drain off fat. Stir in seasonings, tomato paste,
  tomato sauce, and water. Simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
  In another bowl, blend eggs with cottage cheese.
  
  In each pan, spread a layer of meat mixture (about 3/4 cup). Add a
  layer each of noodles (2 1/4), meat mixture (about 3/4 cup), cottage
  cheese mixture (about 3/4 cup), processed cheese (1/3 cup), and
  parmesan cheese (1 1/2 tablespoons).  Repeat layers until all
  ingredients are used. Pack food tightly to avoid air pockets.
  
  TO SERVE WITHOUT FREEZING:  Preheat oven to 400B0 F. (hot). Bake 30
  minutes or until sauce bubbles at edges.
  
  TO FREEZE:  Cool for 30 minutes at room temperature. Complete
  wrapping by pulling paper up over top of food. Put edges of wrap
  together and fold several times so paper lies directly on top of
  food. Fold ends of freezer wrap over the top and seal with freezer
  tape. Label with name of food, date of freezing, and last date the
  food should be used for best eating quality (about 6 months).  Freeze
  for 10-12 hours before removing packages from the pans.
  
  TO HEAT FROZEN LASAGNA:  Preheat oven to 400B0 F. (hot). Remove
  freezer wrap.  Place food in baking pan. Bake 1 1/4 hours or until
  sauce bubbles at edges and center is hot.
  
  VARIATION:  Italian Lasagna -- Use ricotta cheese in place of cottage
  cheese and mozarella cheese in place of processed cheddar cheese.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  NOTES : This recipe is for 24 servings (about 2 1/2 by
        4    inches).
  
  Directions are given for dividing the prepared food into four parts
  of six servings each.  One part may be completely cooked and served
  at the time of preparation.  The remaining parts may be frozen.
  
  "Freezing Combination Main Dishes"  by Meredith Robinson and Lois
  Fulton (Consumer and Food Economics Institute, Agriculture Research
  Service) USDA Home and Garden Bulletin No. 40, 1973 (Stock Number
  0100-02712). MasterCook electronic format by Rosie Winters. Nutr.
  Assoc. : 0 4289 0 0 0 0 1036 0 0 0 0 2905 0 4631 0
  
  Recipe By     : Freezing Combination Main Dishes (Robinson & Fulton,
  1973)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN SPLIT PEA SOUP
 Categories: Soup
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 c  Water, cold
      1 ea Ham bones
      2 c  Split peas
      1 ea Chopped onion, medium
      1 ea Carrot, chopped
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
 
  Bring water and ham bone to a boil. Add remaining ingredients and
  simmer. Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #
  
  Recipe by: John Setzler
  
  From: John Setzler <jms@twave.net>
  
  Date: Tue, 10 Dec 1996 18:50:29 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN STYLE FLAPJACKS/PANCAKES
 Categories: Pancakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Flour
      1    Egg
      1 tb Butter/margarine, melted
    2/3 c  Milk
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
      3 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Sift the dry ingredients together, add the egg and mix it in until it
  is almost absorbed. Add the milk and mix until semi-smooth. Mix in
  the molten butter/margarine.
  
  It should make about 5 pancakes 7 inches in diameter.
  
  Use less sugar if you like to use a lot of syrup.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN TRIFLE
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 pt Blueberries (reserve 1 cup
      1 ts Vanilla
           -for the topping)
     24    Ladyfingers
      2 pt Raspberries (reserve 1 cup
           -for the topping)
    1/4 c  Rum
      1    Sponge or Pound Cake
      2 tb Orange Liquor
    1/4 c  Orange Juice
      1 tb Honey
      2 tb Vodka
      2 c  Ricotta Cheese
      1 c  Heavy Cream, whipped
    1/2 c  Sugar
 
  Mix ricotta, sugar and vanilla together and set aside. Combine the
  orange liquor and honey, toss with the berries. Slice cake and then
  cut slices into triangle pieces. Line the bottom of a 8-inch spring
  form pan and sprinkle with rum. Line the sides with ladyfingers.
  Spread half of the ricotta mixture  over the cake layer on bottom.
  Sprinkle with some berries. Place another layer of cake down and
  sprinkle with orange juice and vodka mixture, ricotta cream and some
  berries. The last layer should be a layer of cake. Cover with whipped
  cream. Decorate with the reserved berries. Chill over night.
  
  Source: "The Yankee Kitchen" 03-18-93 (#4) [Dora]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN TURKEY STUFFING
 Categories: Holidays, Dressings
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 c  Dried bread cubes
      4 oz Crumbled sausage, cooked
    3/4 c  Diced red apple
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
    1/2 ts Rubbed sage
      1 ts Rosemary leaves, crushed
    3/4 c  Water
    1/3 c  Margarine
 
  Combine bread, sausage, apple, onion, walnuts and seasonings. Heat
  water and butter or margarine until butter melts. Toss with bread.
  Spoon into a 2 quart casserole dish. Cover and bake alongside turkey
  during the last 45 minutes of roasting time. Serve with sliced turkey.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN VEGETABLE STEW
 Categories: Main dish, Stews, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ea Yellow onion, chopped
      1 cl Garlic, crushed
      1 ea White potato, chunked
      1 ea Carrot, sliced
      1 ea Celery stalk, sliced
      1 ea Zucchini, sliced
    1/2 c  Broccoli, chopped
      1 ea Leek, trimmed, washed &
           -- sliced
      2 c  Tomato sauce
      1 tb Parsley
    1/2 ts Paprika
    1/2 ts Basil
    1/2 ts Chili powder
    1/4 ts Dry mustard
    1/4 ts Cumin
    1/8 ts Pepper
 
  Cook the onions, garlic, potato, carrot and celery in a small amount
  of water in a large saucepan for 10 mins. Add the remaining
  ingredients and cook over low heat until the veggies are tender,
  about 35 mins. "The McDougall Plan" by John McDougall Typed by Lisa
  Greenwood
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN-ORIENTAL CHICKEN SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Poultry
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 c  Chicken Stock
           -or canned Chicken Broth
      1 sl Fresh Ginger (2"); julienned
      2 bn Green Onions
           - diagonally sliced
           - into 1/2-in pieces
      2    Celery stalks
           - cut diagonally
           - in thin slices
      2 c  Cooked Chicken;
           -torn into bite-sized pieces
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 ts Hoisin sauce
      1 cn Sliced water chestnuts (8oz)
           - drained
           Salt
           Freshly ground pepper
 
  PUT THE CHICKEN STOCK in a soup pot and set over high heat. Add the
  ginger, green onions and celery. Bring to the boil, reduce heat, and
  simmer 10 minutes. Add the chicken, soy sauce and hoisin sauce and
  simmer 5 minutes. Add the water chestnuts. Taste for seasoning and
  add salt and pepper. Serve hot. May be made ahead a day. This freezes
  fine for a leftover. Don't freeze it for making an impression.
  
  Makes 6 to 8 Servings
  
  NATHALIE DUPREE
  
  PRODIGY GUEST CHEFS COOKBOOK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN-STYLE RICE
 Categories: Rice
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      1 c  Uncooked rice
      2 c  Cold water
    1/2    To 1 teaspoon salt
 
  Put rice, water, and salt in a 2-quart saucepan; cover with a
  tight-fitting lid. Bring to a vigorous boil then turn heat as low as
  possible. Continue to cook 14 minutes. Do not stir or lift cover.
  Turn off heat; allow rice to steam, covered, for 10 minutes more
  Makes 3 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICAN-STYLE STRATA
 Categories: Breads, Breakfast, Eggs and ch, Make-ahead, Mc
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
       12 sl Sourdough bread -- or
        2 c  Milk
        6 sl Whole-grain bread -- halved
      1/2 ts Salt
    1 3/4 c  Mozzarella or monterey jack
      1/2 ts Dry mustard
    1 1/2 c  Cooked beef -- lamb or pork
      1/4 ts Ground black pepper
  :          Cut bite-size
        1 ts Worcestershire
        1 c  Carrot or zucchini -- shred
        1 ts Dried thyme leaves --
  :          crumble
        4    Eggs
        1 ts Dried basil leaves --
  :          crumble
  
  In a 10x6x2 baking dish, layer bread slices to cover bottom of dish.
  Sprinkle cheese, meat and veggies over bread. In a bowl, stir
  together the eggs, milk and seasonings till well mixed. Pour
  carefully over ingredients in baking dish. Cover. Let stand 1 hour at
  room temperature or in fridge for longer periods. Uncover. Bake 325~
  for 50 to 60 minutes or until center is nearly set. Let stand 10
  minutes. Cut into squares.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Johnnye Tamaru
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICANA KEY LIME PIE
 Categories: Desserts, Pies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 tb Unflavored gelatin (1 env.)
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      4 ea Egg yolks
    1/2 c  Lime juice
    1/4 c  Water
      1 ts Grated lime peel
      1 x  Few drops green food color
      4 ea Egg whites
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Heavy cream, whipped
      1 ea 9-in baked pastry shell
      1 x  Pistachio nuts, chopped
      1 x  Lime slices for garnish
      1 x  Heavy cream, whipped, to top
 
  Thoroughly mix gelatin, 1/2 cup sugar, and salt in saucepan. Beat
  together egg yolks, lime juice, and water; stir into gelatin mixture.
  Cook and stir over medium heat just till mixture comes to boiling.
  Remove from heat; stir in grated peel. Add food coloring sparingly to
  tint pale green. Chill, stirring occasionally, until the mixture
  mounds slightly when dropped from a spoon. Beat egg whites till soft
  peaks form; gradually add 1/2 c sugar, beating to stiff peaks. Fold
  gelatin mixture into egg whites. Fold in whipped cream. Pile into
  cooled baked pastry shell. Chill till firm. Spread with more whipped
  cream; edge with grated lime peel. Sprinkle chopped pistachio nuts in
  center. Garnish with thinly sliced lime placed in whipped cream
  mounds around edge of pie. Source: Better Homes & Gardens Dessert
  Cookbook.  "A spectacular from the famous Miami hotel!"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICANA PEANUT CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes, Holiday, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           -Dottie Cross TMPJ72B
    3/4 c  Chopped roasted peanuts; div
      2 tb Chopped roasted peanuts; div
      1 c  Graham cracker crumbs
    1/3 c  Butter or margarine, melted
    2/3 c  Creamy peanut butter
      4 pk (3 ounces each) cream cheese
           -softened
      1 cn (14 ozs) sweetened condensed
    1/3 c  Lemon juice
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 pk (4 ozs) frozen whipped toppi
           -thawed
 
  In small bowl, combine 3/4 cup chopped peanuts, graham cracker crumbs
  and melted butter; mix well. Press crumb mixture into bototom and 1"
  up sides of 9-inch springform pan. Refrigerate crust 20 minutes or
  until set. In large bowl with electric mixer at medium speed, beat
  softened cream cheese and peanut butter until fluffy. Gradually beat
  in condensed milk and mix well. Add lemon juice and vanilla; blend
  well. Fold in whipped topping. Pour mixture into prepared crust;
  garnish top with remaining 2 tablespoons chopped peanuts. Refrigerate
  2 to 3 hours, or until well chilled. Source: Great Holiday Baking
  (Woman's Day) Reformatted by: CYGNUS, HCPM52C
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERICANIZED CHICKEN CHOP SUEY
 Categories: Chinese
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Chicken breast; skinned,
           -halved & boned
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Ginger, minced, crystallized
      1 c  Celery; sliced
      5 oz Water chestnuts; sliced &
           -drained
      1    Onion; sliced
      2 c  Chicken bouillon
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 c  Mushrooms, sliced
      1 lb Bean sprouts, drained
      2 c  Cooked rice
    1/2 c  Slivered almonds
 
   Cut chicken into strips about 2-inches long and 1/2-inch thick.
  Place in crockpot with salt, ginger, celery, water chestnuts, onions,
  bouillon, and soy sauce. Cover and cook on low 5 to 6 hours. Turn
  control to high. Add mushrooms and bean sprouts. Cover and cook on
  high 15 minutes. Serve over hot rice. Sprinkle with almonds. Serve
  with extra soy sauce, if desired.
  
  Poke Along Crockpot Cook Book per jean hores
  
  Posted By Sam Waring <waring@ima.infomail.com> On rec.food.recipes or
  rec.food.cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMERIKANISCHER KRANZKUCHEN
 Categories: Kuchen, Gebaeck, Pralinen
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
           200 g Butter
           250 g Zucker
           1 Vanillinzucker
           Salz
           3 Eier
           1-2 Tl Zimt
           300 g Mehl
           21/2 Tl Backpulver
           100 g grob gehackte
           - Walnuesse
           350 g Aepfel (Boskop)
           100 g Puderzucker
           1 EL Rum
 
    Butter schaumig ruehren, Zucker, Vanillinzucker und eine Prise Salz
  hinzufuegen. 3 Eier nacheinander unterruehren. Zimt hinzufuegen und
  ruehren bis der Zucker geloest ist. Mehl und Backpulver mischen und
  unterruehren. Walnuesse und Aepfel unterheben. Teig in eine gefettete
  Kranzform geben und bei 180Grad ca. 80 Minuten backen.
  
    Puderzucker und Rum verruehren und ueber den Kuchen geben. Erfasser:
  Lothar Datum: 13.01.1993 Stichworte: Kuchen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMHARI (ETHIOPIAN VEGETABLE BOWL)
 Categories: Vegetables, Ethiopia, Africa, Update
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           (Amhari -  Atklit ,Tigre -
           -Alz'e )

MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------
      3 lg Onions
      4 lg Carrots
      3 ea Potatos
    1/4 ea White cabbage
    1/4 c  Oil
      1 ea Head garlic
    1/2 ts Ground ginger
    1/2 ts Turmeric
    1/2 ts Black pepper
      1 ts Salt
      4 c  Water
      1 ea Peel all vegetables , cut
           -into small cubes. peel and
           -mash the garlic.
      2 ea Heat oil in a large pan and
           -add vegetables. cover and
           -saute 2-3 minutes.
      3 ea Add the ginger, turmeric,
           -pepper and salt and mix
           -well.
      4 ea Add the water , stir and
           -cook over very low flame
           -for 30-40 minutes.
           Ethiopean vegetable bowl
 
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMHARI MESIR WAT - ETHIOPIAN LENTIL BOWL
 Categories: Vegetarian, Beans, Side dishes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Red lentils
      2 lg Onions
    1/2 c  Oil
      3 tb Tomato paste
    1/2 ts Paprika; sweet or hot
      1    Garlic
    1/2 ts Ground ginger
    1/4 ts Black pepper
      1 ts Salt
      3 c  Water
 
  Recipe by: Gad S. Sheaffer (gss@iil.intel.com) This recipe is common
  to the Ethiopian Jews (Phalashi). My understanding is that these are
  NOT unique to them.
  
  Sort the lentils and soak in tap water for 30 minutes. Rinse in
  running water and drain. Peel and finely chop the onions. peel and
  mash the garlic.Heat the oil in large pan and saute the onion until
  golden. Add tomato paste and paprika and mix. Add half the water and
  the garlic,ginger pepper and salt. Stir well and then add the rest of
  the water, stir again, cover and bring to boil. When the water boil,
  add the lentils ,lower the flame and cook 20-30 minutes, until the
  lentils soften. Serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMIGDALA PRALINE     (ALMOND PRALINE)
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts, Greek
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Almonds
      1 tb Butter
      4 tb Sugar
           Drop of lemon juice
 
     Blanch almonds.  Put butter, sugar, and almonds in frying pan and
  brown almonds to light-coffee color, stirring constantly with wooden
  spoon. Add dro of lemon juice to keep sugar from srystallizing. Pour
  onto a buttered marble slab, a buttered platter, or buttered baking
  sheet. Spread dout evenly and let cool. Break into pcs., or crumble
  to use on tarts or ice cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMIGDALOTA     (ALMOND COOKIES)
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts, Greek
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Almonds, chopped
  1 3/4 c  Sugar
      3 ea Egg whites
      3 tb Farina or toasted bread >>>
           Crumbs (or Cream of Wheat)
      2 ts Vanilla
    3/4 lb 10x sugar
           Candied cherries
           Rosewater (opt.) OR
           Flowerwater (opt.)
 
     If you blanch your own almonds, place in oven for a few minutes to
  dry, then chop them finely.  Place in deep bowl. Add sugar. Beat egg
  whites lightly in another bowl, and add to the almonds. Add farina or
  bread crumbs and the vanilla, and knead well.  Pinch off small pcs.
  and roll each into a ball.  Press half a cherry on top of eac. Place
  on well-buttered baking sheet and bake in preheated 250 F. oven for
  abt. 20 min. Place cookies on a plate, sift confectioner's sugar on,
  and transfer to platter to serve.
  
     NOTE:  If you have access to rose- or flower water, sprinkle some
  on the cookies as soon as they come out of the oven.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMIGDALOTA (ALMOND MACAROONS)
 Categories: Greek, Desserts, Cookies, Ethnic
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lb Ground almonds
      4    Egg whites
        pn Salt
           Rosewater
      2 tb Toasted bread crumbs
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Lemon juice
      1 ts Vanilla
           Powdered sugar
 
  Beat egg whites with salt until stiff and add lemon juice. Fold in
  almonds, sugar and crumbs gradually. Add vanilla. Cut a brown paper
  bag to fit cookie sheet and grease paper and bake at 275'F. about 20
  minutes, checking after 15 to prevent burning. Take out and brush
  with rosewater. Lift off macaroons after loosening them by moistening
  the paper. Sift powdered sugar over warm cookies.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMIGTHALOTA ( ALMOND PEARS)
 Categories: Greek, Candies
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
      3 c  Ground almonds
    1/2 c  Icing sugar; sifted
    1/4 c  Egg whites (1/4 c = 2 whites
    1/2 ts Grated lemon rind, optional
      2 dr Almond essence
           Whole cloves
           Additional icing sugar
           Rose or orange flower water
           - (optional)
 
  Makes: 30 Cooking time: 20 minutes Oven temperature:
      160 c  (325 F)
  
  Blend ground almonds with icing sugar measured after sifting. Add
  lightly beaten egg whites with lemon rind if used and almond essence.
  Mix to a firm dough with hands. Clean hands and rub with a little
  butter to prevent dough sticking while shaping.  Break off small
  pieces of dough the size of a walnut and form into pear shapes.
  Insert a whole clove in the top of each to resemble a stem and place
  upright on a buttered and floured baking sheet.
  
  Bake in a moderately slow oven for 20 minutes, covering with brown
  paper if tops begin to brown.
   Sift 2 cups icing sugar into a bowl and dip hot Amigthalota into it.
  If desired, a little rose or orange flower water may be brushed onto
  Amigthalota before dipping into icing sugar. Place on a wire rack to
  cool.
  
  Sift remaining sugar from bowl into base of a container and arrange
  cooled Almond Pears upright in a single layer. Sift more sugar
  thickly over tops and sides, seal and store for a day or two before
  using.
  
                  From: "The Complete Middle East Cookbook" by Tess
  Mallos
                  ISBN: 1 86302 069 1
                  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH  APPLE BROWNIES
 Categories: Dessert, Amish, Brownies, Apples, Walnuts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter, softened
  1 3/4 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs, well beaten
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  Baking apples,peeled,chopped
    1/2 c  Pecans or walnuts
 
  In a large mixing bowl, cream butter, sugar, eggs and vanilla with
  electric mixer. Combine dry ingredients and add to butter mixture.
  Mix until flour is moistened. Fold in apples and nuts. Spread in a
  greased 9 x 9 inch baking pan and bake in 350 degree oven 45 minutes
  or until done. Serve warm with frozen vanilla yogurt or drizzle with
  vanilla glaze using 1/2 cup powdered sugar, 1 tablespoon hot water
  and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla.
  
  (I always thought Brownies had to have chocolate or cocoa in them?
  But the recipe doesn't call for either, and they =are= called
  Brownies?)
  
  From The Budget  10-7-91
  
  From the recipe files of suzy@gannett.infi.net
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH APPLE DUMPLINGS
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6    Apples, peeled and cored
           Lemon juice
    1/2 c  White sugar, approx
      1 ts Cinnamon
           Brown sugar
           Butter
      2    Pie pastry for 2 pies
           Sugar sauce:
      2 c  Water
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 ts Vanilla
      2 tb Butter
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Mace
 
  Roll out pastry and cut into squares enough  to cover apples
  completely. Peel and core apples.  Roll in lemon juice. Then roll in
  white sugar and cinnamon combined. Place on pastry square. Stuff core
  cavity with brown sugar, butter, brown sugar in equal parts. (The
  amount depends on size of core cavity, just stuff full.) Fold pastry
  up around apple to completely enclose it.  Place in pan. Prepare
  sugar sauce by mixing water, sugar, vanilla, butter, nutmeg, and mace
  and boiling for 1 minute. Let cool slightly.  Pour over Apples. Bake
  in 375 F oven for 1 hour. Serve warm. Note:  Apples may be frozen in
  pastry (before sugar sauce is added) if desired.  Good dessert to
  make ahead if you have lots of apples around. Just let thaw when
  ready to use, and cover with sugar sauce and bake as usual.
  
  Source:  Amish Cooking in Quilt Country show Typed by: Melissa Mierau,
  Martensville, SK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH BEAN SOUP
 Categories: Ham, Soups
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        1 Lb (2 cups) navy beans --
  :          dried
    2 1/2 qt water
        1    meaty ham bone -- 1 1/2 Lbs
        1    clove garlic -- minced
        1 sm bay leaf
        1 c  cubed potatoes
        1 c  celery -- thinly sliced
        1 c  onion -- finely chopped
        1 c  carrots -- cubed
  :          salt and pepper -- to taste
  
  Boil the beans in the water for 2 minutes before removing them from
  the heat to let stand for 1 hour. Then add the ham bone, garlic and
  bay leaf to the beans, and cover and simmer them for 2 hours or until
  the ingredients are almost tender. Add the vegetables and salt and
  pepper to taste, and simmer them for 1 hour longer. Remove the ham
  bone, cut off the meat and dice it to add to the beans. Reheat the
  soup almost to boiling, then remove the bay leaf.
  
  Recipe By     : Ilogal@aol.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH BREAD W/OATMEAL
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------NANCY HAGFORS GXDB48A------------------------
      1 c  Sourdough starter
    1/2 c  Oil
      1 c  Light brown sugar
    3/4 c  Flour
    3/4 c  Oatmeal (quick)
      3    Eggs
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
 
  Mix all ingredients together.  Bake at 350-degrees for
       40    minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH CORN BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      1 c  Yellow cornmeal
      1 c  Flour
      4 tb Sugar
      1 ts Salt
      4 ts Baking powder
      1    Egg beaten
      1 c  Milk
      2 tb Shortening, melted
 
  Grease a square baking pan and preheat the oven at 400F. Mix cornmeal,
  flour, sugar, salt and baking powder in a large bowl. Make a well in
  the center and add the egg, milk and melted shortening. Beat very
  well until the ingredients are thoroughly blended. Pour batter into
  the prepared pan and bake until risen and golden brown on top.As a
  variation, add 1/4 cup grated sharp cheese. Cut into squares to serve.
  
  Author unknown.  U/L to NCE by Burt Ford 2/97.
  
  From: Burton Ford                     Date: 18 Feb 97
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH CUSTARD PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Sugar
      2 ts Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
      3    Eggs
      3 c  Milk
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      1    9" unbaked pie shell
 
  Combine sugar, flour, salt and eggs and mix until smooth. Heat milk to
  boiling point. Add 1 cup hot milk to egg mixture. Pour that into the
  remaining hot milk.
   Pour into unbaked pie shell. Sprinkle nutmeg over top. Bake at 350
  degrees F. for 45-60 minutes.
  
  Source: The Best Of Amish Cooking by Phyllis Pellman Good Submitted by
  Michael Hatala, Prodigy Food & Wine Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH DIP / SANDWICH SPREAD
 Categories: Misc
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      8 oz Cream cheese
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
      1 c  Tuna
    1/2 c  Pitted olives
      2 tb Lemon juice
           Black Pepper
 
  mix cheese and mayonnaise well and add other ingredients, use as dip
  or sandwich filling.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH DRESSING
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
      2 lb Good quality bread
           -cut in 1/2 inch cubes
      2 lb Poached chicken thighs
    1/2 c  Minced fresh parsley
    3/4 c  Chopped onions
      1 c  Chopped celery
      1 c  Shredded carrot
  1 1/4 c  Fine.chopped boiled potatoes
      1 tb Rubbed sage
      1 tb Celery seed
      1 ts Dried thyme
    1/2 ts Black pepper
    1/2 tb Turmeric
      5    Eggs
     12 oz Evaporated milk
  2 1/2 c  Homemade Chicken Broth
           -=OR=- canned broth
 
     Preheat oven to 350 F.  On 2 cookie sheets, toast the bread cubes
  for 15 minutes, or until the bread is golden brown. Transfer to a
  very large mixer bowl. Bone the chicken and very finely chop the
  meat, discarding the skin. (I do this in the food processor while
  chicken is still warm.) Add the chopped vegetables and chicken meat
  to the bread, along with the seasonings.  Toss. In a medium bowl,
  beat the eggs; add the evaporated milk and broth.  Pour over the
  bread mixture and blend. The mixture will be quite moist. Allow to
  stand 1 hour. Preheat oven to 350 F. Transfer the dressing to an
  oiled 3 quart glass casserole that is 10 inches in diameter and 3
  inches deep (at this point, dressing can be frozen for future use;
  thaw before baking.) Bake dressing for 2 hours, or until the center
  of the dressing puffs up and is golden brown on top.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH FRIENDSHIP BREAD
 Categories: Low-fat, Breads
      Yield: 4 Loaves
 
  2 3/4 c  Skim milk
    1/4 c  Low-fat buttermilk
  4 3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 c  Whole wheat flour
      3 c  +1 t sugar
      1 pk Active dry yeast
    2/3 c  Canola oil
  1 1/4 ts Baking powder
      1    Egg
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      2 c  Hazlenuts, chopped coarse
      2 c  Dried cherries
 
  Preheat the oven to 350. In a large non reactive bowl, mix 3/4 cup of
  the skim milk, the buttermilk, 3/4 cup of the flour, the whole wheat
  flour, 1 t. sugar, and the yeast. Set aside for ten minutes or until
  the mixture starts to bubble. In a large mixing bowl, place the
  remaining ingredients, except for the hazlenuts and cherries and mix
  well. Fold in the nuts and cherries. Lightly wipe four 10x5x2 inch
  loaf pans with vegetable oil, divide the dough among the pans and
  bake for one hour of until a toothpick in the center comes out clean.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH FRIENDSHIP BREAD & STARTER
 Categories: Breads, Desserts
      Yield: 2 Loafs
 
           FRIENDSHIP STARTER
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Flour
      1 c  Milk
           BREAD
      1 c  Friendship Starter
    2/3 c  Oil
           3    Eggs
      2 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Sugar
 
  FRIENDSHIP STARTER:
  
  Day 1:  Make the starter dough using 1 cup sugar, 1 cup flour, and 1
  cup milk.  Stir the mixture.  Do not use metal spoons or mixers. Use
  a glass or plastic bowl. Cover the bowl loosely with a paper towel,
  cloth, waxed paper or plastic wrap.  Do not refrigerate the mixture.
  Keep at room temperature.
  
  Days 2,3,4:  Stir the mixture down once each day with a wooden or
  plastic spoon.
  
  Day 5:  Add 1 cup each of sugar, flour and milk.  Stir.
  
  Days 6,7,8,9:  Stir once each day.
  
  Day 10:  Add 1 cup each of sugar, flour and milk. Remove 3 cups of the
  mixture and give 1 cup each to three friends to make Amish Friendship
  Bread.
  
  BREAD:  Mix all the ingredients well with a wooden spoon. Pour into 2
  well-greased and sugared bread loaf pans. Bake at 350 degrees for
  40-45 minutes. This freezes very well. Great to give as a gift. NOTE:
  Raisins, chopped apples, drained crushed pineapple, dates, chopped
  nuts or chocolate chips may be added to the batter before pouring
  into the pans. Use 3/4 cup of whatever you desire to add.
  
  SOURCE:  Joy B. Icenhower, contributor, Carolina Coastline Cuisine
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH FRIENDSHIP BREAD (ORIGINAL STARTER RECI
 Categories: Penn dutch, Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Linda DiSanto, Austin,
           -Texas
      1 pk Active dry yeast
  2 1/2 c  Warm water
      2 c  Sifted flour
      1 tb Sugar
 
  Dissolve yeast in 1/2 cup of the warm water in a deep glass or plastic
  container.  Stir in remaining warm water, flour and sugar. Beat until
  smooth.  Cover with loose fitting cover. DO NOT REFRIGERATE! The
  starter requires 10 days for fermentation as follows:
  
  DAYS 1, 2, 3 and 4:... Stir batter DAY 5:................ Add 1 cup
  each milk, flour, sugar and stir DAYS 6, 7, and 8:..... Stir batter
  each day DAY 10: ............. Add 1 cup each flour, sugar, milk;
  stir.
  
  The batter is ready to use.
  
  This makes 3 cups batter to use in the recipes. If you want to you
  may pour 1 cup batter each into 3 containers and give 1 or 2 away.
  
  Save 1 cup to begin process all over again OR you can use all 3 cups
  batter for the recipes at 1 time and when you want to bake these
  again just start the starter again. From: Pmbst8+@pitt.Edu Date:
  03-08-94
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH FRIENDSHIP BREAD (ORIGINAL STARTER RECI
 Categories: Yeastbreads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------MM BY H PEAGRAM---------------------------
      1 pk Active dry yeast
  2 1/2 c  Warm water
      2 c  Sifted flour
      1 tb Sugar
 
   Dissolve yeast in 1/2 cup of the warm water in a deep glass or
  plastic container.  Stir in remaining warm water, flour and sugar.
  Beat until smooth.  Cover with loose fitting cover. DO NOT
  REFRIGERATE! The starter requires 10 days for fermentation as follows:
  
   DAYS 1, 2, 3 and 4:... Stir batter DAY 5:................ Add 1 cup
  each milk, flour, sugar and stir DAYS 6, 7, and 8:..... Stir batter
  each day DAY 10: ............. Add 1 cup each flour, sugar, milk;
  stir.
  
   The batter is ready to use.
  
   This makes 3 cups batter to use in the recipes. If you want to you
  may pour 1 cup batter each into 3 containers and give 1 or 2 away.
  
   Save 1 cup to begin process all over again OR you can use all 3 cups
  batter for the recipes at 1 time and when you want to bake these
  again just start the starter again.
  
       DiSanto, Austin, Texas
  
   From: Pmbst8+@pitt.Edu                Date: 03-08-94 From: Marjorie
  Scofield
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH FRIENDSHIP BREAD (REQUIRES STARTER)
 Categories: Quick bread, Dessert
      Yield: 2 Loaves
 
 
  Do not refrigerate.  Use glass bowl and wooden spoon only.
  
  DAY 1   Do nothing
  
  DAY 2   Do nothing
  
  DAY 3   Put in large glass bowl and stir with wooden spoon
  
  DAY 4   Do nothing
  
  DAY 5   Do nothing
  
  DAY 6   Add 1 cup sugar, 1 cup flour & 1 cup milk -- stir w/wooden
  spoon
  
  DAY 7   Do nothing
  
  DAY 8   Stir with wooden spoon
  
  DAY 9   Do nothing
  
  DAY 10  Add 1 cup sugar, 1 cup flour & 1 cup milk -- stir w/wooden
  spoon
  
  Take out 3 servings of 1 cup each -- put in glass containers. Keep
  one jar for yourself and give 2 away with copy of this recipe.
  
  To the remaining batter add:  3 beaten eggs, 1/2 cup milk, 1 cup oil
  and 1 tsp vanilla.
  
  In separate bowl, blend:  2 cups flour, 1 cup sugar, 1/2 tsp baking
  powder, 1/2 tsp baking soda, 1/2 tsp salt, 2 tsp cinnamon, 2 small or
  1 large package of instant vanilla pudding.
  
  Add dry ingredients to liquid ingredients.  Blend well. Pour into 2
  loaf pans that have been well greased and sprinkle with cinnamon and
  sugar.
  
  Bake at 325 degrees for 1 hour.
  
  Enjoy!!!
  
  From:  A co-worker
  
  Meal-Master format provided by iRis gRayson.
  
  From: Fido National Cooking Echo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH FRIENDSHIP BREAD (STARTER & STREUSEL)
 Categories: Bread
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Starter:
 
  Begin with: 1 cup flour,1 cup warm water,1/2 cup sugar 1 package
  yeast.Add on 5th day: 1 cup flour,1 cup milk, 1 cup sugar.Add on 10th
  day: 1 cup flour,1 cup milk,1 cup sugar.
  
  1: Mix all the starter ingredients well and place in medium-sized
  glass bowl. Cover with dinner plate so as not to cover tightly. Let
  stand overnight in warm place. Stir down each day for 4 days
  (Important - do not refrigerate batter at any time) 2: On the fifth
  day add flour, milk and sugar and stir. Stir down each day until 10th
  day.
   3: On the 10th day add flour, milk and sugar and measure out 3
  separate cups of starter. Give one cup starter and a copy of the
  instructions to each of three friends.
   4: Use remaining dough to bake choice of bread or use in streusel
  recipe as follows:
  
  Batter: 2/3 cup cooking oil, 1 cup sugar, 2 cups flour, 2 teaspoons
  baking soda, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 3 eggs Streusel: 1/3 cup margarine,
  melted 1/2 cup white sugar 1/2 cup brown sugar 1/2 cup quick oats 1
  cup nuts (optional 1: After sharing three cups of starter with
  friends, mix oil, sugar, flour, baking soda, salt and eggs with
  remaining starter. Mix well and spoon 1/2 of batter into greased and
  floured 9 x 13 baking pan.
   2: To prepare streusel combine all ingredients and mix well.
  Sprinkle 1/2 of streusel over batter. Cover with remaining batter and
  remaining streusel.
   3: Bake at 350 degrees for 35-40 minutes
  
  Source: Lancaster County Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH OATMEAL PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Pie
 
      1 c  Sugar
      3 tb Flour
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Salt
      4    Eggs
  1 1/2 tb Melted butter
      1 c  Light corn syrup
      1 ts Grated orange rind
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Quick oats
      1    Unbaked 9 inch pie shell
 
  Mix sugar, flour, cinnamon and salt.  Beat 4 eggs until frothy. Add
  dry mixture.  Add corn syrup, melted butter, orange rind, vanilla and
  the quick oats.  Mix well.  Pour into shell.  Bake at 350 F for
       45    minutes.
  
  Source: Amish Cooking in Quilt Country TV show
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH PEACH PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 c  Peaches; peeled and sliced
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
  2 1/2 tb Tapioca
      1    9" unbaked pie shell

MMMMM---------------------------CRUMBS--------------------------------
  2 1/2 tb Butter or margerine; melted
    1/4 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/3 c  Brown sugar
 
  Mix together gently, peaches, sugar, salt and tapioca. Let belnd for 5
  minutes before spooning into pie shell. Mix crumb ingredients well and
  sprinkle over pie shell.
   Bake at 425 degrees F. for 45 to 50 minutes.
  
  Source: The Best Of Amish Cooking by Phyllis Pellman Good Submitted by
  Michael Hatala, Prodigy F&W Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH POTATO SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 md Potatoes
      1 sm Onion, chopped
      1 c  Celery
      1 ts Celery Seed
      1 ts Salt
      4    Hard cooked Eggs, diced
 
  Cook potatoes in their jackets until soft.  Cool, peel, and dice. Mix
  potatoes gently with the remaining 5 ingredients; then add to the
  dressing.
  
  DRESSING: 2 Eggs, well beaten 3/4 cup sugar 1 t Cornstarch Salt to
  Taste 1/4 to 1/2 cup vinegar (to taste) 1/2 c Cream or evaporated
  milk 1 t Mustard 3 T butter, softened 1 cup Mayonnaise
  
  Mix Eggs with sugar, cornstarch and salt.  Add vinegar, cream and
  mustard. Cook until thickened.
  
  Remove from heat and beat in butter.  Add mayonnaise and mix until
  smooth Add potato mixture to the cooled dressing, folding gently
  together. From: "Amish and Mennonite Kitchens" Submitted By N.F.
  MILLER ORTIZ On 02-05-95
  
  From: Fido National Cooking Echo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH SAUERKRAUT SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Penndutch
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 lb Smoked sausage (Kielbasa)
      6 tb Onion; chopped
    1/4 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Thyme
    1/2 ts Black pepper
      3 c  Milk
      1 c  Half-and-half
      8 oz Sauerkraut, with juice
  1 1/2 tb Lemon juice (optional)
      2 tb Fresh parsley; chopped
 
  Chop the sausage coarsely by hand or in a food processor (leave the
  casing on).  Transfer the sausage and onion to a deep pan, and saute
  over medium heat until the sausage is lightly browned, about 8
  minutes.
  
  On a small plate combine the flour, thyme, and pepper. Add to the
  sausage and brown all together until the mixture bubbles up, about 5
  minutes. Add the milk and the half-and-half all at once, and cook
  stirring until the mixture again bubbles up, about 5 minutes.  Add
  the sauerkraut and it juice and bring to a boil; the mixture will
  continue to thicken. Taste for tartness, and lemon juice if desired.
  Add the parsley and serve at once. From Cooking from Quilt Country by
  Marcia Adams.
  
  From the MM database of Judi M. Phelps. jphelps@shell.portal.com or
  jphelps@best.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH SUGAR COOKIES
 Categories: Diabetic, Desserts, Cookies
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Sugar;
    1/3 c  Powdered Sugar;
    1/4 c  Margerine; (1/2 stick)
    1/3 c  Vegetable oil
      1    Egg; (large)
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 ts Lemon or alomond flavoring
      2 tb Water
  2 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Cream of tartar;
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Place sugars, margarine and oil in a mixer bowl and mix at medium
  speed until creamy.  Add egg, banilla, flavoring and water, and mix
  at medium speed for 30 seconds, scraping down the bowl before and
  after adding these ingredients. Stir remaining ingredients together
  to blend well; add to creamy mixture and mix at medium speed to
  blend. Form dough into 24 balls using 1 tablespoon dough per ball.
  Place balls on cookie sheets that have been sprayed with pan spray or
  lined with aluminum foil. Press balls down evenly to 1/2' with the
  back of a tablespoon dipped in water. Bake at 375 for 12 to 14
  minutes, or until cookies are browned on the bottom and lightly
  browned around the edges. Remove cookies to a wire rack and cool to
  room temperature.
  
  Food exchanges: 1 STARCH/BREAD EXCHANGE + 1 FAT EXCHANGE
  
  Caloiries: 107, FAT: 5g, CHO: 15g, Na: 50mg, PRO: 2g, Cholesterol:
  llmg. Source: Desserts for Diabetics by Cavaiani, R. D.
  
  Brought to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH TOMATO KETCHUP
 Categories: Canning, Sauces, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      6    Celery ribs; trimmed
           -- cut in 1/4" thick slices
      2 md Onions (abt. 2 cups)
           -- peeled and diced
    1/4 c  ;Water
      3 lb Tomatoes; quartered
      5 tb Vinegar
      1 c  Dark brown sugar; packed
    1/2 tb Allspice berries
    1/2 tb Whole cloves
    1/2 tb Celery seeds
      1 ts Ground mace
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Place the celery, onions and water in a medium-size saucepan over
  medium high heat, cover, and bring to a boil. Cook, stirring
  occasionally, until the vegetables are nearly soft, about 25 minutes.
  
  Meanwhile, cook tomatoes in a large heavy nonreactive saucepan over
  medium heat, partially covered, until they are very soft and almost a
  puree, about 25 minutes. Add the cooked celery and onions; continue
  cooking until the vegetables are completely softened, about 15
  minutes.
  
  Strain tomato mixture in small batches through a sieve into another
  nonreactive saucepan, pressing down firmly to extract all of the
  liquid. Stir in the vinegar, brown sugar and spices. Place the pan
  over medium high heat and bring to a boil.  Continue boiling,
  stirring often to be sure that the ketchup isn't sticking to the
  bottom of the pan, until the mixture thickens somewhat, 15 to 20
  minutes. Allow ketchup to cool, then ladle into jars.  Cover and
  refrigerate for up to 2 months. Or ladle the boiling-hot ketchup into
  hot sterilized canning jars. Seal according to the lid manufacturer's
  instructions.
  
  Yield: 1 1/2 pints.
  
  Loomis writes:  "This sweet ketchup comes from Mary Linebach, who
  owns and runs a produce auction with her [Mennonite] husband, Paul,
  in Shippensburg, Pennsylvania."  [Mary describes the ketchup by
  saying]: 'The children love it on pancakes...It's sweeter than
  store-bought and not as tangy...'
  
  "The ketchup is good on morning hotcakes (an Amish custom) as it is on
  Cheddar cheese sandwiches, as a dip for fresh vegetables or freshly
  baked bread, and as a condiment with roast or fried meat or poultry.
  And it has one distinct advantage over the most popular store-bought
  brand: You won't have any trouble getting it out of the bottle,
  because it's not thick."
  
  From _Farm House Cookbook_ by Susan Herrmann Loomis. New York: Workman
  Publishing Company, Inc., 1991.  Pp. 334-336. ISBN 0-89480-772-2.
  Typed for you by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH VANILLA PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Granulated sugar
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Molasses or light corn syrup
      1 c  Water
      1    Egg; well beaten
      1 tb Flour
      1 ts Vanilla
      1    9" unbaked pie shell

MMMMM---------------------------CRUMBS--------------------------------
      1 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/4 c  Lard, butter, margerine or
           -vegetable shortening
 
  Combine all the above ingredients, except the vanilla, in a saucepan.
  Bring to a boil and continue boiling until thickened. Allow to cool
  and stir in vanilla. Pour into unbaked shell.
  
  CRUMBS Melt shortening. Stir in dry ingredients. Crumble mixture over
  pie shell.
   Bake at 375 degrees F. for 50 to 60 minutes.
  
  Source: The Best Of Amish Cooking by Phyllis Pellman Good Submitted by
  Michael Hatala, Prodigy F&W Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH WHITE BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Water
      1 tb Oil
    3/4 c  Milk
      3 c  Bread flour
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Sesame seeds
      1    Egg
      2 ts Yeast
      2 tb Sugar
 
  Recipe by: Hitachi Preparation Time: 3:00 Place in pan in order given.
  Press Start.
  
   Supplemental recipes from company
  
  From: Fido National Cooking Echo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH-STYLE CHICKEN & CORN SOUP
 Categories: Diabetic, Poultry, Vegetables, Crockpot, Soups/stews
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2    Stewing hen or fowl;
      2 qt Chicken stock or broth
    1/4 c  Onion; coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Carrots; coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Celery; coarsely chopped;
      1 ts Saffron threads; (optional)
    3/4 c  Corn kernels; (fresh/frozen)
    1/2 c  Celery; finely chopped
      1 tb Parsley; fresh chopped
      1 c  Egg noddles; cooked
 
  Combine stewing hen with chicken stock, coarsely chopped onions,
  carrots, celery, and saffron threads. Bring the stock to a simmer.
  Simmer for about 1 hour, skimming the surface as necessary.Remove and
  reserve the stewing hen until cool enough to handle; then pick the
  meat from the bones. Cut into neat little pieces. Strain the saffron
  broth through a fine sieve. (Note: The soup can be made through this
  step in advance. Simply frefrigerate broth and diced chicken meat for
  2 to 3 days, or freeze the broth and the chicken meat in separate
  convenienly sized containers. Be sure to label and date them.  To
  use, defrost, remove congealed fat, return the broth full boil, and
  add the diced meat. Continue with recipe.) Add the corn, celery,
  parsley, and cooked noodles to the broth. Return the soup to a simmer
  and serve immediately.
  
  Food Exchanges per serving:  1 LEAN-MEAT EXCHANGE + 2 VEGETABLE
  EXCHANGES CAL: 11O; CAR: 10g; PRO: 13g; CHO: 25mg; SOD: 65mg; FAT: 2g;
  
  Source: Diabetes Forecast Dec 1993
  
  Brought to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH-STYLE CHICKEN & CORN SOUP
 Categories: Diabetic, Poultry, Vegetables, Casseroles, Soups
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2    Stewing hen or fowl;
      2 qt Chicken stock or broth
    1/4 c  Onion; coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Carrots; coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Celery; coarsely chopped;
      1 ts Saffron threads; (optional)
    3/4 c  Corn kernels; (fresh/frozen)
    1/2 c  Celery; finely chopped
      1 tb Parsley; fresh chopped
      1 c  Egg noddles; cooked
 
  Combine stewing hen with chicken stock, coarsely chopped onions,
  carrots, celery, and saffron threads. Bring the stock to a simmer.
  Simmer for about 1 hour, skimming the surface as necessary.Remove and
  reserve the stewing hen until cool enough to handle; then pick the
  meat from the bones. Cut into neat little pieces. Strain the saffron
  broth through a fine sieve. (Note: The soup can be made through this
  step in advance. Simply frefrigerate broth and diced chicken meat for
  2 to 3 days, or freeze the broth and the chicken meat in separate
  convenienly sized containers. Be sure to label and date them. To use,
  defrost, remove congealed fat, return the broth full boil, and add
  the diced meat. Continue with recipe.) Add the corn, celery, parsley,
  and cooked noodles to the broth. Return the soup to a simmer and
  serve immediately.
  
  Food Exchanges per serving:  1 LEAN-MEAT EXCHANGE + 2 VEGETABLE
  EXCHANGES CAL: 11O; CAR: 10g; PRO: 13g; CHO: 25mg; SOD: 65mg; FAT: 2g;
  
  Source: Diabetes Forecast Dec 1993
  
  Brought to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH-STYLE CHICKEN & CORN SOUP(THE LAST TO
 Categories: Low-cal, Poultry, Vegetables, Crockpot
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2    Stewing hen or fowl;
      2 qt Chicken stock or broth
    1/4 c  Onion; coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Carrots; coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Celery; coarsely chopped;
      1 ts Saffron threads; (optional)
    3/4 c  Corn kernels; (fresh/frozen)
    1/2 c  Celery; finely chopped
      1 tb Parsley; fresh chopped
      1 c  Egg noddles; cooked
 
  Combine stewing hen with chicken stock, coarsely chopped onions,
  carrots, celery, and saffron threads. Bring the stock to a simmer.
  Simmer for about 1 hour, skimming the surface as necessary.Remove and
  reserve the stewing hen until cool enough to handle; then pick the
  meat from the bones. Cut into neat little pieces. Strain the saffron
  broth through a fine sieve. (Note: The soup can be made through this
  step in advance. Simply refrigerate broth and diced chicken meat for
  2 to 3 days, or freeze the broth and the chicken meat in separate
  convenient sized containers. Be sure to label and date them. To use,
  defrost, remove congealed fat, return the broth full boil, and add
  the diced meat. Continue with recipe.) Add the corn, celery, parsley,
  and cooked noodles to the broth. Return the soup to a simmer and
  serve immediately.
  
  Food Exchanges per serving:  1 LEAN-MEAT EXCHANGE + 2 VEGETABLE
  EXCHANGES CAL: 11O; CAR: 10g; PRO: 13g; CHO: 25mg; SOD: 65mg; FAT: 2g;
  
  Source: Diabetes Forecast Dec 1993
  
  Brought to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMISH-STYLE CHICKEN & CORN SOUP(THE LAST TO TRANSFER.TX
 Categories: Diabetic, Poultry, Vegetables, Crockpot
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2    Stewing hen or fowl;
      2 qt Chicken stock or broth
    1/4 c  Onion; coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Carrots; coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Celery; coarsely chopped;
      1 ts Saffron threads; (optional)
    3/4 c  Corn kernels; (fresh/frozen)
    1/2 c  Celery; finely chopped
      1 tb Parsley; fresh chopped
      1 c  Egg noddles; cooked
 
  Combine stewing hen with chicken stock, coarsely chopped onions,
  carrots, celery, and saffron threads.  Bring the stock to a simmer.
  Simmer for about 1 hour, skimming the surface as necessary.Remove and
  reserve the stewing hen until cool enough to handle; then pick the
  meat from the bones. Cut into neat little pieces. Strain the saffron
  broth through a fine sieve. (Note: The soup can be made through this
  step in advance.  Simply refrigerate broth and diced chicken meat for
  2 to 3 days, or freeze the broth and the chicken meat in separate
  convenient sized containers. Be sure to label and date them.  To use,
  defrost, remove congealed fat, return the broth full boil, and add
  the diced meat. Continue with recipe.) Add the corn, celery, parsley,
  and cooked noodles to the broth. Return the soup to a simmer and
  serve immediately.
  
  Food Exchanges per serving:  1 LEAN-MEAT EXCHANGE + 2 VEGETABLE
  EXCHANGES CAL: 11O; CAR: 10g; PRO: 13g; CHO: 25mg; SOD: 65mg; FAT: 2g;
  
  Source: Diabetes Forecast Dec 1993
  
  Brought to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMMONIA COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 96 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Shortening
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
  5 1/2 c  Pastry flour
    3/4 ts Salt
      1 c  Milk
  1 1/2 ts Oil of lemon*
      2 ts Ammonium carbonate*
 
  Directions: * may be purchased in a drug store. Cream shortening and
  add sugar.  Add egg and oil of lemon. Mix. Sift flour before
  measuring. Measure flour and sift with salt. Dissolve ammonium
  carbonatein a little of the milk. Add flour and liquid alternately
  mixing after each addition. Chill dough. Roll 1/4" thick. Cut in
  squares. Place on greased baking sheet. Sprinkle cookies lightly with
  sugar. Bake 12-15 mins. in a 375 oven. Yields 8 doz. 2"squares.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMMONITE CHOWDER
 Categories: Cambrian, Critters, Extinct, Seafood, Weird
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
  6 1/2 c  Canned tomatoes; peeled
      3 md Onions; diced
      6 ea Carrots; peeled, sliced
      4 md Potatoes; peeled, sliced
      3 ea Jalapeno peppers; peeled,
           -deveined, sliced
      2 tb Beef bouillon
      5 lb Ammonites*
      1 c  Butter; melted
  3 1/4 c  Canned corn
      1 ts Salt; or to taste
     13 c  Water
      1 ds Tabasco; or to taste
 
  *If ammonites are unavailable or extinct in your area, squid or conch
  will make an excellent substitute.
  
  In a large pot, break up the tomatoes and add the onion, carrots,
  potatoes, jalapeno peppers and beef bouillon. Cook until tender.
  
  Contributor:  Roy Olsen (roy@indy.net) (htto://www.indy.net/~roy/)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMOCHA SPONGE CAKE
 Categories: Kosher, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      7    Eggs, separated
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Finely chopped nuts
    1/4 c  Potato starch
    1/2 c  Strong coffee
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
      2 ts Cocoa
    3/4 c  Cake meal
 
  Pour hot coffee over finely chopped nuts.  Cool.  Add 2 tsp. cocoa.
  Beat whites with salt until they stand in soft peaks. Add half of
  sugar in gradually beating until stiff. Beat yolks well, add rest of
  sugar beating until thick.  Add coffee mixture to yolks, blending
  well. Add sifted meal and starch and blend. Fold into beaten egg
  whites. Place in tube pan and bake in 325 F. oven for 1 hr. or longer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMPLE BROWN BETTY FOR A CROWD
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
      2    Loaves (20-oz. each) white
           -bread with crusts, cut into
           -1-inch cubes (about 32 cups
      2 c  Butter or margarine, melted
     40 c  Sliced peeled apples (about
           -40 lbs.)
      3 c  Packed brown sugar, divided
      2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Ground nutmeg
      2 ts Ground cinnamon
      4 c  Water
      3 tb Lemon juice
 
  Toss bread cubes with butter; divide half of the cubes among four
  greased 12"x9"x2" baking pans. Arrange apples over bread, using 10
  cups per pan. Mix 2 cups of brown sugar, sugar, nutmeg and cinnamon;
  divide into fourths and sprinkle over the apples. Mix water and lemon
  juice; pour a fourth into each pan. Top with remaining bread cubes.
  Sprinkle remaining brown sugar equally over pans. Cover and bake at
  375 for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake 25-30 minutes longer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY SCHERBER'S BAGUETTE - TVFN
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 3 14" loaves
 
  1 1/4 ts Active dry yeast
    1/4 c  (2 ounces) very warm water
           105 to 115 degrees F
      3 c  (13 1/2 ounces)
           Unbleached all purpose flour
      1 c  (4 1/2 ounces) cake flour
           (see note)
  2 1/4 ts Kosher salt
  1 1/4 c  Plus 1 tablespoon, (10
           1/2ounces) cool water - 75
           Degrees F
 
  Combine the yeast and the warm water in a small bowl and stir with a
  fork to dissolve the yeast. Let stand for 3 minutes. Combine the
  flours and salt in a large bowl. Pour the cool water and the yeast
  mixture over the flour, and mix with your fingers to form a shaggy
  mass. Move the dough to a lightly floured work surface and and
  resilient, but not too smooth at this point. Let the dough rest on
  the work surface for 20 minutes, covered with plastic wrap or a light
  towel. (This rest period is the autolyse.)
  
  Knead the dough for 6 to 8 minutes. Don't overknead it: The dough
  should be smooth, stretchy, and resilient. Place the dough in a
  lightly oiled bowl, turn it in the bowl to coat with oil, and cover
  it with plastic wrap. Let rise at room temperature ( 75 to 77 degrees
  F) for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, or until nearly doubled in volume.
  
  Gently deflate the dough and fold it over itself in the bowl. Reshape
  it into a ball and cover with plastic wrap. Let it rise for 1 1/4
  hours or until it has nearly doubled again. Gently deflate the dough
  again, reshape into a round, cover, and let rise for about 1 hour.
  Place the dough on a very lightly floured surface and divide it into
  3 equal pieces (about 10 ounces each). Gently stretch one piece into
  a rectangle, leaving some large bubbles in the dough. Fold the top
  third down and the bottom third up as if you were folding a business
  letter. Now form the loaf into a log by rolling the dough over from
  left to right and sealing the seam with the heel of your palm. Fold
  the dough over about 1/ 3 of the way each time, seal the length of
  the loaf, then repeat. You want to gently draw the skin tight over
  the surface of the baguette while leaving some air bubbles in the
  dough. Seal the seam, being careful not to tear the skin of the dough
  or deflate its airy structure. Set aside on the work surface to relax
  before elongating it, and repeat the shaping process with remaining
  pieces of dough.
  
  Now elongate each baguette, starting with the first one you shaped, by
  rolling it back and forth on the work surface. Begin with both hands
  over the center of the loaf and work them out to the ends until the
  loaf reaches the desired length. (Don't get carried away, or the
  baguettes won't fit in your oven!) Place the finished loaves on a
  peel or upside down baking sheet lined with parchment paper spring,
  resulting in loaves with a light, airy crumb and more flared cuts.
  
  Thirty minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 500 degrees F.
  Place a baking stone in the oven to preheat, and place an empty water
  pan directly under the stone. Use a very sharp razor blade or lame to
  make 3 to 5 slashes, depending on the length of your loaves, on the
  top of each baguette. The cuts should run from one end of the loaf to
  the other, rather than across it, and the blade should be held at a
  30 degree angle to the loaf so that the cuts pop open in the oven. Be
  careful not to press down too hard, or you may deflate the loaves.
  Using a plant sprayer, mist the loaves.
  
  Gently slide the loaves onto the preheated stone, or place the
  baguette mold in the oven. Pour 1 cup of very hot water into the
  water pan and quickly close the oven door. After 1 minute, mist the
  loaves and oven walls 6 to 8 times and close the door. After 2 more
  minutes, spray the loaves and the oven walls again.
  
  Bake for 12 minutes, then lower the oven temperature to 400 degrees F
  and bake for 25 to 30 minutes longer until the loaves are golden
  brown and crisp. Move them to a rack to cool.
  
  Enjoy your baguettes still slightly warm with some soft, ripe French
  cheese and a glass of wine.
  
  Yield: 3 - 14 inch loaves.
  
  Note: If cake flour is not available, you can use the same amount of
  unbleached all-purpose flour, but cake flour will give the baguette a
  lighter texture. BAKERS' DOZEN AMY SCHERBER SHOW #BD1A55 Copyright,
  1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY SCHERBER'S BIG BEAUTIFUL CINNAMON RAISIN
 Categories: Bread, Tvfn
      Yield: 1 Plump loaf
 
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon
      3 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 c  (7.5 ounces) dark raisins
      2 tb Unbleached all purpose flour
      1    Big Beautiful White Pan
           Loaf Dough (1 batch
           See Recipe)
 
  Equipment: One 9 by 5 inch loaf pan, oiled or buttered
  
  Mix one batch of the White Pan Loaf dough according to instructions
  given in recipe.
  
  Place the just mixed dough in a clean bowl lightly dusted with flour.
  Cover the bowl with a towel and allow the dough to rise at room
  temperature (75 degrees to 77 degrees F) for 2 to 2 1/2 hours, until
  it doubles in volume. (An indentation made by poking your finger deep
  into the dough should not spring back.)
  
  While the dough is rising, place the raisins in a bowl or a plastic
  container and fill with warm water to come just below the top of the
  raisins. (If you use too much water, you will rinse away the natural
  sweetness of the raisins.)
  
  Place the dough on a very lightly floured surface. Gently deflate the
  dough and pat it into a rectangle that is about 3/4 of an inch thick,
  and about 6 inches by 12 inches in size. The short sides should be
  the top and bottom edges.
  
  Mix the cinnamon and sugar together, and sprinkle it evenly over the
  dough.
  
  Drain the raisins and toss them with the remaining 2 tablespoons
  flour. Spread the raisins evenly over the dough and gently press them
  into it.
  
  Starting at a short side, roll the dough into a log. Roll the dough
  tightly, keeping the skin of the dough slightly taut, and tucking in
  any raisins that fall out, but don't stretch the dough so tight that
  the skin tears. Seal the seam of the log gently but tightly using the
  heel of your hand against the surface of the table, or pinch it shut
  with your fingers.
  
  Place the loaf in an oiled or buttered 9 by 5 inch loaf pan, and
  cover with oiled plastic wrap. Let the dough rise at room temperature
  for 1 1/2 to 2 1/2 hours, or until the loaf has risen almost 1 inch
  above the sides of the pans.
  
  Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.
  
  Place the loaf pan on the center oven rack. Using a plant sprayer,
  mist the loaf 8 to 10 times, then quickly shut the oven door. Spray
  the bread again after 2 minutes.
  
  Bake for 15 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees
  F and bake for 20 to 30 minutes longer, until the crust is deep brown
  and the loaf sounds hollow when tapped on the bottom. The crust may
  color quickly because of the cinnamon and raisins in the dough; watch
  carefully and cover the top of the loaf loosely with foil if it is
  browning too fast. Let cool in the pan for 5 minutes, then remove the
  bread from the pan and place the loaf on a rack to cool. Let cool
  completely before slicing, or the bread will fall apart. This bread
  keeps well for at least 2 days.
  
  Yield: One plump 9x5 inch loaf Amy Scherber
        Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY SCHERBER'S BIG BEAUTIFUL WHITE PAN LOAVES
 Categories: Bread, Tvfn
      Yield: 1 2 lb loaf
 
    1/4 c  (2 oz) very warm water
           (105 degrees
           To 115 degrees F)
  1 3/4 ts Active dry yeast
  4 1/2 c  (20 1/4 oz) unbleached
           All-purpose flour
  2 1/4 ts Kosher salt
  1 1/4 c  Plus 2 tablespoons (11 oz)
           Cool water (75 degrees)
 
  Equipment: 9 by 5 inch loaf pan, lightly oiled
  
  In a small measuring cup, mix the warm water and yeast with a fork to
  dissolve the yeast. Let stand for 3 minutes.
  
  Mix the flour and salt together in a large mixing bowl. Add the yeast
  mixture and the cool water. Using your fingers, mix the dough into a
  sticky mass.
  
  When all of the flour is incorporated, move the dough to a lightly
  floured work surface and knead for 4 minutes. The dough should be
  sticky and will not look smooth. If the dough feels stiff or dry,
  knead in additional cool water, a tablespoon at a time.
  
  Put the dough in a lightly floured bowl, cover, and let rest for 20
  minutes. (This rest period is the autolyse.)
  
  Return the dough to the lightly floured surface and knead it for 7 to
  8 minutes. The dough will go from being sticky to smooth and will
  become supple but not too firm.
  
  Place the dough in a clean bowl lightly dusted with flour. Cover the
  bowl with a towel and allow the dough to rise at room temperature (75
  to 77 degrees F) for 2 to 2 1/2 hours, until it doubles in volume. (An
  indentation made by poking your finger deep into the dough should not
  spring back.)
  
  Place the dough on a very lightly floured surface. Gently deflate the
  dough and pat it into a rectangle. The short sides should be the top
  and bottom edges. Fold the top edge down and the bottom edge up,
  overlapping them slightly, then turn the dough a quarter turn and
  fold the top down and the bottom up again to form an envelope. Shape
  the dough into a log shape by rolling the loaf down two to three
  times and sealing the seam with the heel of your palm. Roll the loaf
  back and forth on the table to smooth out.
  
  Place the loaf seam side down in a lightly oiled 9 by 5 inch loaf pan.
  Gently press down on the loaf to spread it to fill the corners of the
  pan, and cover it with oiled plastic wrap.
  
  Let the loaf rise at 75 degrees to 77 degrees F for about 1 to 1 1/4
  hours, or until it has doubled and risen about 1-inch above the edge
  of the pan.
  
  Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.
  
  Gently place the loaf pan on the center rack of the oven. Using a
  plant sprayer, quickly mist the loaf with water 6 to 8 times, then
  shut the oven door. After 3 minutes, mist the loaf again.
  
  Bake for 10 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 400 degrees
  F and bake for 30 minutes longer, or until the top is a deep golden
  brown. Remove the loaf from the pan it should come out with ease. The
  bread should sound slightly hollow when tapped on the bottom, and the
  sides of the loaf should be brown. Immediately place the loaf from
  the pan on a wire rack to cool. Serve slightly warm, with butter and
  lots of homemade jam!
  
  Amy Scherber
  
        Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY SCHERBER'S CHOCOLATE ROLLS - TVFN
 Categories: Bread, Dessert, Chocolate
      Yield: 12 2.5oz roll
 
      2 ts Active dry yeast
    1/4 c  (2 ounces) very warm water
           (105 to 115 degrees F)
    1/3 c  Plus 1/4 teaspoon (2 ounces)
           Granulated sugar
      3 c  Plus 2 tablespoons
           (14 ounces) unbleached
           All-purpose flour
    1/4 c  Unsweetened cocoa powder
  1 1/2 ts Kosher salt
      1 c  (8 ounces) warm brewed
           Coffee (90 degrees F)
      1 lg Egg yolk
      2 ts Unsalted butter, softened
    2/3 c  (4 ounces) chocolate chips
    1/2 c  (4 ounces) cold water
  1 1/4 ts Cornstarch
 
  Two 12 by 17-inch baking sheets, lined with parchment paper
  
  Place the yeast and warm water in a large bowl. Stir with a fork to
  dissolve the yeast and allow it to stand for about 3 minutes.
  
  Whisk the unbleached flour, cocoa powder, the remaining 1/3 cup sugar
  and the salt together in a medium bowl. Set them aside.
  
  Using your hand, stir the coffee, the egg yolk, and the butter into
  the dissolved yeast. Gradually add the flour mixture, stirring until
  a shaggy mass forms and all of the flour is moistened.
  
  Move the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead for about 7 to 8
  minutes, until it is silky smooth and elastic. This dough should be
  nice and moist, so add flour sparingly as you work. Shape the dough
  into a loose ball cover it with plastic wrap and let it rest for
  about 10 minutes to relax the gluten strands.
  
  Flatten the dough and stretch it gently with your fingers to form a
  rectangle about an inch thick. Spread the peanut butter chips evenly
  over the rectangle. Fold the dough into an envelope and knead gently
  for 2 to 3 minutes, until the chips are well distributed. The dough
  should be soft, smooth, and springy. If the dough resists, let it
  rest for 5 minutes and then continue kneading it. Some of the chips
  may pop out of the dough, but they can easily be incorporated again
  after the first rise when the dough has softened.
  
  Shape the dough into a loose ball and place it in a lightly oiled
  bowl. Turn to coat the top of the dough with oil, and cover the bowl
  tightly with plastic wrap. Let rise at room temperature (75 to 77
  degrees F) until the dough has doubled in volume, about 2 hours.
  
  Line two 12 by 17-inch baking sheets with parchment paper. Gently
  pour the dough onto the floured work surface pressing any loose
  chocolate chips into dough. Flour your hands lightly divide the dough
  into 12 equal pieces (each weighing about 2 1/2 ounces). Shape the
  pieces into rolls and place 6 on each prepared baking sheet leaving
  several inches between the rolls so they won't grow together as they
  rise. Cover them loosely with oiled plastic wrap and let them rise at
  room temperature until doubled in volume, about
       45    minutes to 1 hour.
  
  While the bread is proofing make a cornstarch wash: Put the cold
  water in a small saucepan and whisk in the cornstarch. Bring to a
  boil, stirring frequently until it thickens. Remove from the heat and
  cover to keep a skin from forming. Set aside to cool.
  
  About 15 minutes before you're ready to bake, place one oven rack in
  the top third of the oven, and another in the bottom third, and
  preheat the oven to
      400    degrees F.
  
  When the buns have doubled, use a pastry brush to paint them with a
  thin coating of the cornstarch wash. Brush gently so you don't
  deflate them. Place one pan on each oven rack. Using a plant sprayer,
  immediately mist the top and sides of the oven 6 to 8 times and
  quickly close the oven door. Repeat this misting procedure two more
  times at 1-mintue intervals.
  
  Bake for 10 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees
  F and rotate the pans from top to bottom and front to back to ensure
  even baking. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes longer, or until the tops of
  the buns feel firm but not hard when you press them slightly, and the
  bottoms are very lightly browned. These rolls should have a thin soft
  covering, not a hard crunchy crust. Remove from the oven and use the
  pastry brush to paint the top of each bun quickly and evenly with the
  cornstarch wash. Transfer the rolls to a rack and allow them to cool
  before serving. These are best eaten the day they are baked. BAKER'S
  DOZEN AMY SCHERBER SHOW #BD1A54
  
  Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY SCHERBER'S CRUSTY ITALIAN LOAF - TVFN
 Categories: Bread
      Yield: 3 Loaves
 
    3/4 ts Active dry yeast
    1/4 c  (2 ounces) very warm
           Water(105 to 115 degrees F)
      1 c  (8 ounces)cool water ( 75
           Degrees F)
  1 1/2 c  (12 ounces) Sponge Starter
           (recipe follows)
  3 1/2 c  (16 ounces) unbleached
           All-purpose flour
      1 tb Plus 1 teaspoon Kosher salt
 
  A sponge starter bread
  
  Combine the warm water and yeast in a large bowl and stir with a fork
  to dissolve the yeast. Let stand for
        3    minutes.
  
  Add the cool water and sponge to the yeast mixture and mix with your
  fingers for about 2 minutes, breaking up the sponge. The mixture
  should look milky and slightly foamy. Add the flour and salt and mix
  with your fingers to incorporate the flour, scraping the sides of the
  bowl and folding the ingredients together until the dough gathers
  into a mass. It will be wet and sticky, with long strands of dough
  hanging from your fingers. If the dough is not sticky, add 1
  tablespoon of water.
  
  Move the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead for about 5
  minutes, until it becomes supple and fairly smooth. This is a sticky,
  wet dough; don't be tempted to add more flour to the work surface.
  Just dust lightly and use a dough scraper as necessary to loosen the
  dough from the table during kneading. Allow the dough to rest for 15
  minutes, covered with oiled plastic wrap. (This rest period is the
  autolyse.)
  
  Knead the dough 3 to 5 minutes, until it is stretchy and smooth, yet
  still slightly sticky. Shape the dough into a loose ball, place it in
  a lightly oiled bowl, and turn the dough in the bowl to coat with
  oil. Cover the bowl tightly with plastic wrap and let the dough rise
  at room temperature (75 to 77 degrees F) for about 1 hour, or until
  the dough looks slightly puffy but has not doubled.
  
  Place the dough in the refrigerator for at least 8 hours, or
  preferably, overnight to let it relax, develop flavor, and become
  more manageable.
  
  Take the dough from the refrigerator and let it sit at room
  temperature for 1 to 2 hours, until it begins to warm up and starts
  to rise.
  
  Flour a work surface well and gently dump the dough onto it. Divide
  the dough into three equal pieces, about 13 ounces each. Gently
  flatten one piece, pressing out some of the air bubbles, and stretch
  it into a rectangle. Fold the top third down and the bottom third up
  as if you were folding a business letter. Now form the loaf into a
  short baguette by rolling the dough over from left to right and
  sealing the seam with the heel of your palm. Fold the dough over
  about 1/ 3 of the way each time, seal the length of the loaf, then
  repeat. You want to gently draw the skin tight over the surface of
  the loaf while leaving some air bubbles in the dough. Seal the seam,
  being careful not to tear the skin of the dough or deflate its airy
  structure. Do not elongate. These loaves are about 10 inches long.
  Cover an area on the work surface with a thick layer of flour and
  place the loaf, seam side down, on the flour. Repeat with remaining
  pieces of dough. The loaves will be loose and slightly irregular in
  shape. Leave plenty of space between the loaves they will spread as
  they rise. Cover the loaves with well oiled plastic and let them rise
  for 1 2 hours, until bubbly and loose.
  
  Thirty minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 475 degrees F.
  Place a baking stone in the oven to preheat and position an oven rack
  just below the stone.
  
  Sprinkle a peel very generously with cornmeal. Line an upside-down
  baking sheet with parchment paper and sprinkle very generously with
  cornmeal. Lift one loaf, flip it over so the floured side is on top,
  and gently tug on the ends to stretch the loaf to the full length of
  the peel, or about 14 inches on a pan. Repeat with the remaining
  loaves, placing 2 on the peel and 1 on the pan. Dimple each loaf with
  your finger in about 6 places, but don't deflate them too much. Be
  sure the loaves are loosened from the peel, then carefully slide them
  onto the baking stone. Place the pan of bread on the rack below the
  stone. Using a plant sprayer, quickly mist the loaves with water 8 to
  10 times, then quickly shut oven door. Mist the loaves again after 1
  minute. Then mist again 1 minute later.
  
  Bake for about 10 minutes, then reduce the temperature to 450 degrees
  and bake 15 minutes longer or until the loaves sound slightly hollow
  when tapped on the bottom and the crust is a medium to dark brown.
  (If the crust is not brown enough, the loaves will soften as they
  cool.) Transfer the bread to a rack to cool for at least 30 minutes
  before serving. BAKERS' DOZEN AMY SCHERBER SHOW #BD1A52 Copyright,
  1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY SCHERBER'S ORGANIC WHOLE WHEAT SANDWICH B
 Categories: Bread
      Yield: 2 Lg loaves
 
           See part 1
 
  A sponge starter bread Mildly sweet and slightly crunchy, our version
  of whole wheat oatmeal bread is great for tuna sandwiches. Cut in
  thick slices, it's perfect for French toast. Shape it into rolls for
  a dinner party or a family picnic. For variety, add one and a half
  cups (seven and a half ounces) of golden raisins to the dough and
  shape half of it into twists; crusty and delicious, they're good for
  breakfast-on-the-go and afternoon snacks. This versatile bread is
  sure to become one of your favorites.
  
  SPONGE STARTER
  
  1 1/2 cups (12 ounces) very warm water (105 to 115 degrees)
      1/4    teaspoon active dry yeast 3 1/2 cups (16 ounces) unbleached
  all-purpose flour One 2-quart clear plastic container
  
  Mix all the ingredients together in a medium bowl and stir vigorously
  with a wooden spoon for 2 to 3 minutes, until a smooth, somewhat
  elastic batter has formed. The batter will be very stiff; it gets
  softer and more elastic after it has proofed. You may find it easier
  to mix the sponge using electric mixer, with a paddle or a dough
  hook, on medium speed for 1 to 2 minutes. Scrape the sponge into a
  2-quart clear plastic container and cover with plastic wrap. At this
  point you have two options:
  
  If you plan to make your dough later that same day, let the sponge
  rest at room temperature until it has risen to the point where it
  just begins to collapse. This may take from 6 to 8 hours, depending
  on the temperature of the sponge, the temperature of the room, and
  the strength of theyeast. The sponge will triple in volume and small
  dents and folds will begin to appear in the top as it reaches its
  peak and then begins to deflate. The sponge is now in perfect
  condition to be used in a dough. It's best if you have already
  weighed or measured out all of your other recipe ingredients before
  the sponge reaches this point so you can use it before it collapses
  too much.
  
  If you're not planning to make your dough until the next day or the
  day after, put the covered sponge in the refrigerator and let it rise
  there for at least 14 hours before taking it out to use in a recipe.
  Be sure to compensate for the cold temperature of the starter by
  using warm water (85 to 90 degrees) in the dough instead of the cool
  water specified in the recipe. Or let the starter sit out, covered,
  until it reaches room temperature (this may take several hours)-but
  don't let it collapse to much before you use it.
  
  DOUGH ROLLS
  
  This recipe can be divided into 2 dozen pieces and shaped into rolls.
  
  Place in a square pan with rolls touching and sprinkle with oats. Let
  rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours and bake in a preheated 425 degree oven for
  10 minutes. Reduce temperature to 375 degrees and bake for 15 to 20
  minutes. BAKERS' DOZEN AMY SCHERBER SHOW #BD1A53 Copyright, 1997, TV
  FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY SCHERBER'S PECAN STICKY BUNS
 Categories: Breads, Dessert
      Yield: 9 Large buns
 
  2 1/4 ts Active dry yeast
    1/4 c  (2 ounces) very warm water
           (105 to 115 degrees F)
  5 1/3 c  (24 ounces) unbleached
           All-purpose flour
  2 1/4 ts Kosher salt
      2 c  (16 ounces) warm water (90
           Degrees F)
      9 tb (4 1/2 ounces) unsalted
           Butter
    1/2 c  Plus 1 tablespoon(5 ounces)
           Dark brown sugar, firmly
           Packed
      4 tb (2 ounces)unsalted butter,
           Softened
    2/3 c  Plus 1 tablespoon (2 3/4
           Ounces) pecan pieces
           Toasted
    1/3 c  Plus 1 tablespoon (2 1/2
           Ounces) granulated sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
 
  Equipment: One 9-inch square baking pan, preferably non-stick,
  buttered on sides only; one sheet pan, lined with aluminum foil
  
  Place the yeast and warm water in a small bowl and stir with a fork to
  dissolve the yeast. Allow it to stand for about 3 minutes. Mix the
  flour and salt together in a large bowl. Add the warm water and the
  yeast mixture and stir with your fingers to moisten the flour,
  scraping the sides of the bowl and folding the dough over itself
  until it gathers into a shaggy mass.
  
  Move the dough to a lightly floured surface and knead it by hand for 5
  minutes. This is a soft, moist dough. If the dough seems too stiff
  and hard to knead, add extra warm water 1 tablespoon at a time until
  you get a nice malleable dough. Gently shape the dough into a loose
  ball, cover it with plastic, and let it rest on the table for 20
  minutes. (This rest period is the autolyse.)
  
  Gently knead the dough on the lightly floured surface for 1 to 2 more
  minutes, or until it becomes smooth, supple, and elastic but not too
  firm. The texture of the dough should be soft but springy. Shape the
  dough into a loose ball, place it in a lightly oiled bowl, and turn
  to coat the top with oil. Cover it tightly with plastic wrap and let
  it rise at room temperature (75 to 77 degrees F)until it has doubled
  in volume, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours
  
  While the dough is rising; in a small saucepan, heat the 9 tablespoons
  butter and the dark brown sugar over low heat, stirring occasionally,
  until the butter has melted and the sugar is completely moistened (it
  won't be dissolved), then whisk until the mixture looks silky and a
  little lighter in color. Use 1 tablespoon softened butter to grease
  the sides of a 9-inch square pan, then pour in the caramel, tilting
  the pan slightly so the mixture spreads evenly over the bottom of the
  pan. Sprinkle the toasted pecans over the warm caramel and press them
  down slightly. Put the pan in the refrigerator to cool the caramel;
  be the pan's on a level surface. Put the granulated sugar and
  cinnamon in a small bowl and stir until evenly mixed. Set aside.
  
  When the dough has doubled, gently pour it out of the bowl onto the
  floured work surface. Flatten the dough and stretch it with your
  fingers to form a 13 by 10-inch rectangle, with a long side facing
  you. Work gently so you don't tear the dough surface. The dough
  should stretch easily at this point, but if it resists, let it rest
  for 5 minutes and resume stretching. Check to be sure the dough isn't
  sticking to the work surface; flour the table again, if necessary.
  
  Spread 3 tablespoons of the softened butter evenly over the the dough,
  leaving a 1/2-inch strip unbuttered along the top edge. Sprinkle the
  cinnamon/sugar mixture generously and evenly over the butter, again
  leaving the top 1/2-inch of the rectangle bare. Starting with the
  bottom edge, roll up the dough jelly-roll fashion into a long log. If
  the dough sticks to the table as you're rolling, use a dough scraper
  to loosen it gently. Pinch gently but firmly along the seam to seal
  it. If necessary, gently shape the roll so it is a nice uniform log.
  
  Take the caramel-lined pan out of the refrigerator. Cut the log of
  dough into 9 equal pieces. (It's easiest to mark the roll first to
  show where you're going to make the cuts--a slight indentation with
  the knife edge will do--then use a sharp serrated knife to cut
  completely through the dough.) Lay the pieces cut side down on top of
  the caramel. Don't worry if it's a tight fit. Let rise, uncovered, at
  room temperature until the dough has almost doubled, about 1 to 1 1/4
  hours. The rolls should fill the pan and extend 1/2 to 3/4-inch above
  it. In the meantime, position a rack in the center of the oven and
  preheat the oven to 375 degrees F. Put the pan of sticky buns on a
  foil-lined baking sheet and place it in the oven. Bake for 10
  minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F and bake
  for 30 to 40 minutes longer, until the tops of the buns are golden
  brown and crusty. It's important to bake the buns long enough so the
  dough is cooked all the way through and the caramel topping develops
  properly. Set the pan of buns on a rack to cool for 5 minutes. Then
  quickly but carefully turn the pan upside down and release the sticky
  buns onto a large flat heat proof plate. Immediately scrape out any
  caramel remaining and spread it on top of the buns, filling in any
  bare spots. Let them cool until just warm before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY SCHERBER'S ROSEMARY FOUGASSE - TVFN
 Categories: Bread
      Yield: 1 Fougasse
 
    1/2    Batch Amy's Crusty Italian
           Bread
      3 tb Fresh rosemary, chopped
 
  A variation on the Crusty Italian Bread.  Mix the dough according to
  the instructions given in the recipe.
  
  After the dough has taken its first rise for 1 1/2 to 2 hours (or
  overnight) it can be shaped into a fougasse. Place the dough on a
  lightly floured surface and pat it into a long narrow rectangle.
  Sprinkle a layer of chopped rosemary over the surface of the dough
  being careful to cover the edges too. Fold the dough in thirds like a
  business letter, the top third over the middle of the dough, then the
  bottom third over that, completely overlapping the two. Press the 3
  open sides of the fougasse tightly shut. Cover the bread well with
  plastic wrap and let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 to 2 hours.
  
  Thirty minutes before baking, preheat the oven to 475 degrees F.
  Place a baking stone in the oven to preheat and position an oven rack
  just below the stone.
  
  Sprinkle a peel or upside-down baking sheet generously with cornmeal
  and place the fougasse on top, stretching it slightly to make it into
  a square. Cut a decorative pattern, such as a leaf or a ladder, into
  the dough with a dough cutter. Spread and stretch the loaf until the
  cuts form large openings.
  
  Be sure the fougasse is loosened from the peel, then carefully slide
  it onto the baking stone. Using a plant sprayer, quickly mist the
  bread with water 8 to 10 times, then quickly shut oven door. Mist
  again after 1 minute. Then mist again 1 minute later.
  
  Bake for about 10 minutes, then reduce the temperature to 450 degrees
  and bake 15 minutes longer or until the loaf sounds slightly hollow
  when tapped on the bottom and the crust is a medium to dark brown.
  (If the crust is not brown enough, the bread will soften as it
  cools.) Transfer the bread to a rack to cool for at least 30 minutes
  before serving.
  
  BAKERS' DOZEN AMY SCHERBER SHOW #BD1A52 Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD
  NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY SCHERBER'S SPONGE STARTER - TVFN
 Categories: Bread, Starter
      Yield: 1 Starter
 
  1 1/2 c  (12 ounces) very warm water
           (105 to 115 degrees)
    1/4 ts Active dry yeast
  3 1/2 c  (16 ounces) unbleached
           All-purpose flour
      1    2 quart clear plastic
           Container
 
  Mix all the ingredients together in a medium bowl and stir vigorously
  with a wooden spoon for 2 to 3 minutes, until a smooth, somewhat
  elastic batter has formed. The batter will be very stiff; it gets
  softer and more elastic after it has proofed. You may find it easier
  to mix the sponge using electric mixer, with a paddle or a dough
  hook, on medium speed for 1 to 2 minutes. Scrape the sponge into a
  2-quart clear plastic container and cover with plastic wrap. At this
  point you have two options:
  
  If you plan to make your dough later that same day, let the sponge
  rest at room temperature until it has risen to the point where it
  just begins to collapse. This may take from 6 to 8 hours, depending
  on the temperature of the sponge, the temperature of the room, and
  the strength of the yeast. The sponge will triple in volume and small
  dents and folds will begin to appear in the top as it reaches its
  peak and then begins to deflate. The sponge is now in perfect
  condition to be used in a dough. It's best if you have already
  weighed or measured out all of your other recipe ingredients before
  the sponge reaches this point so you can use it before it collapses
  too much.
  
  If you're not planning to make your dough until the next day or the
  day after, put the covered sponge in the refrigerator and let it rise
  there for at least 14 hours before taking it out to use in a recipe.
  Be sure to compensate for the cold temperature of the starter by
  using warm water (85 to 90 degrees) in the dough instead of the cool
  water specified in the recipe. Or let the starter sit out, covered,
  until it reaches room temperature (this may take several hours)-but
  don't let it collapse to much before you use it.
  
  BAKERS' DOZEN AMY SCHERBER SHOW #BD1A52 Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD
  NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY SCHERBER'S TOASTY SEEDED BREAD STICKS - T
 Categories: Bread
      Yield: 12 Sticks
 
    1/2    Recipe baguette dough
    1/3 c  (3 ounces) sesame seeds
    1/4 c  (2 ounces) poppy seeds
      2    Or 3 tablespoons extra
           Virgin olive oil
           Kosher salt for sprinkling
 
  Mix the baguette dough using the instructions in the recipe. Divide
  the dough in half and use the other half for baguettes. Dust your
  work surface with flour and place the kneaded dough on the floured
  surface. Cover the dough with oiled plastic wrap and allow it to rise
  at room temperature (75 to 77 degrees F) for 1 hour. The dough will
  be soft but will not have doubled.
  
  Combine the sesame and poppy seeds in a small bowl. Pat the dough
  into an even 4 by 6 inch rectangle. Using a plant sprayer, generously
  mist the dough. Coat both sides of the dough completely with the seed
  mixture; make sure there are no bare spots. Gently brush the dough on
  both sides with olive oil and sprinkle it with kosher salt.
  
  Line 2 baking pans with parchment paper and oil the paper lightly.
  Stretch the rectangle so that it is a little longer. Using a dough
  cutter, cut the dough width-wise into twelve strips, almost 1 inch
  wide. Lift each stick, stretch it slightly so it's 8 inches long and
  lay it on the baking sheet. Place the sticks on the baking sheet with
  about 1 inch between them. Let rise for 30 minutes, until they become
  slightly puffy but not quite fully doubled.
  
  Thirty minutes before baking, preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Place a
  baking stone in the oven to preheat and place an empty water pan
  directly below the stone. Place the pan of bread on the baking stone.
  Quickly pour 1 cup of very hot water into the water pan and
  immediately shut the oven door. After about 1 minute, mist the sticks
  with water 6 to 8 times, then quickly shut the oven door. Mist again
  after 1 more minute.
  
  Bake for 15 minutes, then reduce the oven temperature to 375 degrees
  F and bake 8 to 12 minutes longer, until the sticks look golden brown
  and are getting crisp on the outside. Brush the hot bread sticks with
  a little olive oil if desired, then transfer them to a rack to cool
  for a few minutes before serving.
  
  BAKERS' DOZEN AMY SCHERBER SHOW #BD1A55 Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD
  NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY'S CHILI WITH HOMINY (VEGAN)
 Categories: Digest, Dec.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    28 oz can crushed tomato
      2 cn Pinto beans
      1 cn Garbonzo beans
      1 cn Hominy
      1 sm Can (4.5oz maybe?) tomato
           Paste
      1 sm Can green chili peppers (she
           Says they often come in
           Short tins of a
           Couple ounces)
      2    Chopped onions
      2    Chopped zucchini
  1 1/2 tb Chili powder
      1    To 2 tsp cumin
      2    Cloves af garlic (or 2/4tsp
           Garlic powder)
      1 ts Molasses
 
  Mix it all together in a large pot and cook until done (basically
  anywhere between "it's all heated through" and "the zucchini are
  about to fall apart." Enjoy!
  
  Amy didn't mention pre-cooking the onions so I don't know if she
  does, but it probably wouldn't be a bad idea.
  
  Posted by ksp1@cornell.edu (Kimberly Phillips) to the Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 13 Issue 6] Dec. 6, 1994.
  
  FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used
  with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY'S CORNBREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 pk Frozen brocoli
      2 c  Grated chedder sharp cheese
      1    Med. onion
      1    Box jiffy cornbread mix
 
  Bake in glass pan for 25-30 minutes at 400 degree.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AMY'S GRILLED CHICKEN BREASTS
 Categories: Poultry, Grilled
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Chicken breast halves
           Without skin
      2 ts Dijon mustard
  3 1/2 tb White wine vinegar
      2 ts Garlic -- minced
      2 ts Honey
  1 1/3 tb Fresh thyme, or 2 teaspoons
           Dried -- minced
    1/3 ts Coarse salt
  1 1/3 ds Red pepper flakes
      1 tb Olive oil
      4    Sprigs fresh thyme
 
  Place the chicken breasts within a folded piece of plastic wrap;
  sligtly flatten upper portion of each breast with the broad side of a
  chef's knife to promote even grilling. Place breasts in a shallow
  glass or ceramic dish. Place mustard, vinegar, garlic, honey, thyme,
  salt and pepper flakes in a small bowl; stir with fork to combine.
  Add oil a little at a time and whisk to combine marinade. Pour
  marinade over breasts. Cover with plastic wrap and marinate in
  refrigerator,turning once or twice in marinade, for at least 2 hours,
  or up to 4 hours. Remove breasts from marinade, scraping any bits
  clinging to chicken back into the shallow dish. Transfer all marinade
  to small saucepan and bring to a boil; reserve. Lightly grease grill
  rack with cooking spreay. Preheat grill. Place breasts on grill. Cook
  covered with lid, basting frequently with marinade, until tender,
  approximately 5 to 6 minutes on each side.
  
  Recipe By     : Lean Italina Cooking, by Anne Casale
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AN ABSOLUTELY PERFECT ROAST GOOSE!+
 Categories: Info/help, Alt./birds, Holidays
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1    10 to 12 lb. goose either
           -fresh or frozen and thawed
 
  I have made a Thanksgiving goose every year for at least 15 years. I
  have steadily gained on making the perfect bird but I finally found
  the greatest recipe ever in Cook's Magazine. The divine part of this
  approach to cooking the goose is that it employs some of the eastern
  method of drying the skin which is used in Peking Duck. The skin
  simply drops all its fat and leaves a crispy, dry, delectable skin
  that folks fight over! No more rubbery, yucky goose skin full of fat!
  
  A frozen goose is perfectly adequate. Have thawed 24 to 48 hours
  before the meal (48 is better.) Prick the goose well all over,
  especially on the breast and on the upper legs, holding the skewer
  almost paralel with the bird so as to avoid piercing the flesh. Fill
  a very large pot 2/3 full of water (pot should be large enough to
  almost accomodate the bird) and bring to a boil. Using rubber gloves
  submerge bird (neck side down) for 1 minute (till goose bumps arise.)
  Repeat the process (this time with the tail side down.) Drain the
  goose, breast side up on a rack in a large roasting pan and set in
  the refrigerator, naked, to dry the skin for 24 to 48 hours.
  
  When you are ready to roast the bird, on the big day. Make your
  favorite stuffing. I made one in "94" that seemed to be well liked.
  The night before Thanksgiving I cooked 1 1/2 cups (raw) wild rice in
  about 5 cups of water. Drained and chilled overnight. In the morning
  I added soaked, cut up dry shitake mushrooms along with their soaking
  water with an egg beaten into it. A tablespoon of poultry seasoning,
  a sauteed onion, plenty of salt and freshly ground pepper.
  
  Now you salt and pepper the bird insdie and out, liberally. Preheat
  the oven to 325 degrees while you are stuffing and sewing up the
  bird. Place it in the oven in a roaster and on a rack on it's breast.
  For a 12 1/3 lb. goose I needed a full 5 hours but this is quite a
  large bird. Just close the oven and let it stay, undisturbed for 1
  1/2 hours. After this time, take it out of the oven. Use a baster to
  draw out the fat that has accumulated in the bottom of the pan
  (schmaltz lovers, send up a cheer) You can strain this fat through a
  coffee filter, putting the schmaltz in small bottles which keep very
  well in the freezer for up to a year.) Turn the bird over on its back
  before you put it back in the oven. put it back in for another hour
  before you start checking for doneness. The recipe gave the best
  advice on checking for doneness, at this point, that I have ever
  seen. With a piece of terry rag, squeeze the upper drumstick (not
  thigh) lightly. If it feels kind of squishy, like roast beef, it's
  done. Every bird is different so you must judge when it is done. When
  meat is done (be patient, it may take a while), raise the heat to 400
  degrees. Remove roaster from the oven and transfer bird (rack and
  all) to a jelly roll pan. Put it back in the oven for 15 minutes to
  further crisp and brown the bird. Take it out and let it sit,
  uncovered for a half an hour.
  
  Regarding the roaster, after you remove the bird to a jelly roll pan
  and put that in the oven, remove the fat from the roaster and put it
  over 2 burners adding about 2/3 cup of dry sherry and deglaze the pan
  with a wooden spoon. combine these drippings with your giblet broth
  either to make a gravy or to use later for goose carcass, slow cooker
  broth.
  
  There is more on the subject, if you wish to know more check out the
  Nov-Dec. issue of Cook's Magazine on pp. 6-8
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AN AUTHENTIC PESTO
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     12    Walnuts, shelled
      2 tb Pine nuts
      1 ts Coarse salt
      4    (or 5) black peppercorns
      3    Garlic clove(s)
      4 tb Butter
      3 c  Basil leaves
      4 oz Grated Parmesan cheese
      4 oz Grated Romano cheese
           -or added Parmesan cheese
  1 1/2 c  Olive oil
 
  Place all ingredients except 1 cup black peppercorns in food
  processor and grind very fine. Add remaining olive oil and blend a
  few seconds until very smooth.
  
  From:   Quick and Healthy Cooking
  :       Baltimore Sun
  
  From: Diane Lazarus                   Date: 05-23-96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AN EXCELLENT VEGGIEBURGER
 Categories: Vegetables, August
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Walnuts
  1 1/2 c  Cooked rice
      1    Onion
      2 tb Bacon bits
      2 tb BBQ sauce
        x  Salt
        x  Black pepper
        x  Garlic powder
        x  Flour
 
  Blend the walnuts, rice, bacon bits, BBQ sauce, and spices into a
  paste. Saut the onions and add them to the mix. Add enough flour so
  that it forms a workable dough. Shape into patties and sprinkle flour
  onto the outsides of the patties. Refrigerate for at least one hour.
  Fry, or grill, or bake (they hold together reasonably well on the
  grill, only slightly more crumbly than an actual hamburger is.)
  
  Serve with extra BBQ sauce on a bun, perhaps with onion, lettuce,
  tomato, or whatever else you want on it. Makes six.
  
  From: narad@nudibranch.asd.sgi.com (Chuck Narad). rfvc Digest V94,
  Aug. 30, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com
  using MMCONV
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AN UNCOMMON PASTA SAUCE
 Categories: Sun-dried, Sauces, Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           -Waldine Van Geffen VGHC42A
      1 c  Onion; chop
      2 tb Olive oil
      3 c  Boiling water
      3 oz Sun-dried tomato halves; no
           -oil
      1 lg Clove garlic; quartered
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      2 tb Parsley; choppedd
      1 tb Fresh basil; chopped or
      1 ts Dried basil
      2 ts Fresh oregano; chopped or
    3/4 ts Dried oregano
      2 ts Lemon juice
 
  In large skillet over medium heat, saute onion in oil 5 minutes.
  Meanwhile, combine water and tomatoes in bowl; set aside 2 to 3
  minutes. With slotted spoon remove and set aside 1/3 of the tomatoes.
  In container of electric blender or processor puree the remaining
  tomato/water mixture and the garlic. Add puree and reserved tomato
  halves to skillet. Bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer gently 10
  minutes. Stir in remaining ingredients; simmer 1 minute. Remove from
  heat. Serve over your choice of hot cooked pasta. Sprinkle with
  Parmesan. Source: Sonoma Sun-Dried Tomatoes (wrv)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANADAMA BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Corn meal
      3 tb Shortening
    1/4 c  Molasses
      2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Boiling water
      1    Pkg, active dry yeast OR 1
           -cake compressed
    1/4 c  Warm water
      1    Egg beaten
      3 c  Sifted all-purpose flour
 
  Combine corn meal, shortening, molasses, salt and boiling water in a
  large bowl. Let stand till lukewarm. Sprinkle yeast over warm water
  to dissolve, then stir yeast, egg and HALF of the flour into corn
  meal mixture. Beat vigorously. Stir in remaining flour and mix
  thoroughly till dough forms a soft ball. Use your hand if it seems
  easier. Transfer to a greased loaf pan, cover with a cloth, and set
  in a warm place till dough reaches 1 inch above the pan. Sprinkle top
  with a little corn meal and salt. Bake in preheated 350 F. oven for
  50 to 55 minutes. Cool before slicing.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANADAMA BREAD - PAN-1
 Categories: Breadmaker, Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           XKGR41A Don Fifield
  2 1/4 c  Bread Flour
      1 tb Dry milk
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Cornmeal (1/2 oz)
      1 tb Molasses
      1 tb Olive oil
  15/16 c  Water (7 1/2 fl.oz)
      1 ts Dry yeast
 
  Timer OR Bake (Rapid) mode may be used. Place all ingredients (except
  liquids and yeast) inside the bread pan. Add liquid ingredients. Close
  cover and place dry yeast into the yeast holder. Press start.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANADAMA BREAD 1
 Categories: Breadmaker
      Yield: 15 Servings
 
           1 1/2 lb loaf:; (1 lb loaf)
  2 1/4 ts Active dry yeast; (1 1/2 tsp
  1 2/3 c  Bread flour; (1 c+ 2 t)
  1 1/2 c  Whole-wheat flour; (1 c)
    1/3 c  Yellow cornmeal; (1/4 c)
    1/3 c  Molasses; unsulfured, (1/4 c
  1 1/2 ts Salt; (1 t)
  1 1/2 c  Water; (1c)
 
  Recipe by: EAT-L,The Best Bread Machine Cookbook Ever-Madge Rosenberg
  Note: The original recipe called for 1 1/2 T vegetable oil for the lg
  loaf and (1T) for the smaller loaf. I omitted it. Could use
  Wonderslim or possibly applesauce instead.
  
  Add all ingredients in the order suggested by your bread machine
  manual and process on the basic bread cycle according to the
  manufacturer's directions
  
  Let the loaf cool before slicing.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANADAMA BREAD MIX
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------MIX ( FOR 2 LOAVES--------------------------
      9 c  Flour
  1 1/2 c  Yellow cornmeal
  2 3/4 ts Salt
           -( mix may be tripled for
           -This great bread )
           -For 2 loaves( all of mix )
      2 pk Dry yeast
  2 1/2 c  Warm water
    3/4 c  Molasses
      1    Stick softened margarine
           Additional flour if needed
 
  Combine all ingredients for mix in a plastic bag. Add the dry yeast
  to bag and shake well.Stir water and molasses in a large bowl. Add
  margarine and let stand for 5 minutes. Sprinkle in the yeasted mix
  over this a little at a time mixing until a stiff dough forms. Knead
  8 to 10 minutes adding more flour if necessary to make a pliable
  dough. Place dough in greased bowl, cover and let rise double in bulk
  in a warm place about 1 1/2 hours. Punch down and divide into two.
  Roll each piece into a 9 x 14 inch rectangle and roll up from short
  end to form a loaf. Tuck ends under and place in greased regular loaf
  pans. Let rise double in bulk. Bake in a 375 oven until rich brown
  about 50 minutes or tested done. Remove from pans and cool on rack.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANADAMA RAISIN BATTER BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 c  Milk
      1 c  Water
      1 c  Corn meal, preferably yellow
           -and stone-ground
      3 tb Sweet butter
    1/2 c  Molasses
    1/2 c  Warm water
      2 tb Dry yeast
    1/2 ts Sugar or honey
      2 ts Salt
  5 1/2 c  Unbleached white flour
           -(approx)
      1 c  Gold raisins
 
  Makes 2 loaves.
  
  IN a good-sized saucepan bring the milk and 1 cup water to a boil.
  Turn off the heat and sprinkle in the corn meal, stirring
  energetically with a wire whisk or fork. Add the butter and molasses
  and stir until evenly mixed. Cool to lukewarm.
  
  In a large mixing bowl dissolve the yeast in the half-cup warm water
  with the sugar or honey.  When bubbly, add cornmeal mixture, salt,
  and 2 1/2 cups of the flour. It should be thick but still beatable.
  Beat 5 minutes with an electric mixer.
  
  Stir in the raisins.  Gradually add 2/12 to 3 cups more flour,
  beating with a large spoon until the battter is too stiff to continue
  beating and holds together in a mass in the center of the bowl.
  
  Cover the bowl with a damp towel and let it sit until the dough has
  risen to twice its original volume. Stir down with the spoon. If you
  wish, let it rise a second time. Stir down. Divide the dough between
  two buttered large loaf pans.  Be sure you get equal amounts in each
  pan. Squish it into the corners with your fingers. Press to smooth
  the tops a bit; don't worry if they look like a lava flow.
  
  Cover the pans with a towel and let rise until batter reaches the
  tops of the pans.  Preheat oven to 350F. Bake 40 - 45 minutes, until
  the loaves are brown but don't quite have a hollow sound when tapped
  on the bottoms. Remove them from the pans and put directly on the
  oven rack. Bake another 5 minutes to crisp the crust.
  
  Cool on a rack.
  
  The Garden Way Bread Book From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANAI PACHADI
 Categories: Vegetables, Vegetarian, Indian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 sm Butternut squash
      3    Green chillies
      3 tb Coconut
      1 ts Tamarind paste
    1/2 ts Mustard seeds
           Jaggery/sugar
           Turmeric; to taste
           Salt; to taste

MMMMM-------------------------SEASONING------------------------------
           Mustard seeds
           Fenugreek
           Red chilli
           Curry leaves
           Oil
 
  Cut squash into inch square and 1/4 inch thick slices. Wash and in
  about a cup and a half of water, add tamarind paste and sliced squash.
  
  Add turmeric, salt and cook on low heat till done.
  
  Grind coconut, green chillies, 1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds and stir
  into cooked squash. Can wash out blender and add this water too.
  
  Let mustard seeds splutter in oil, add fenugreek, red chilli, curry
  leaves and in a couple of minutes pour onto pachadi.
  
  Variations:
  
  Instead of tamarind paste can use yogurt at the end. Can use cut okra
  or, okra and eggplant pieces, instead of squash.
  
    U15297@uicvm.bitnet (Shyamala Parameswaran)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANANAS A LA CREME (CREAM-FILLED PINEAPPLE)
 Categories: Cheese/eggs, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Milk
    1/2 c  Granulated sugar
    1/3 c  Flour
    1/8    Teasp. salt
      5    Egg yolks, beaten
    1/4    Teasp. vanilla extract
 
  1. Start heating oven to 425ø F. Cut off top of 1 large ripe
  pineapple. With knife and spoon, cut out pineapple meat from inside,
  leaving 1/2"-thick shell.
  
  2. From pineapple meat, cut off core; then cut into thin slices; in
  saucepan, simmer with 1/4 cup granulated sugar 5 min. Drain well.
  
  3. Now, into pineapple shell, spoon Creme Patissiere* and drained
  pineapple in layers, until shell is filled, ending with Creme
  Patissiere. Toss 2 tablesp. macaroon crumbs with 2 teasp. melted
  butter or margarine; sprinkle over top. (Save any leftover creme and
  fruit for next day's lunch.)
  
  4. Bake pineapple 25 min. or until golden. Serve hot. Makes 4
  servings.
  
  *Creme Patissiere
  
  Day before:
  
  1. In double boiler, heat cream.
  
  2. Combine sugar, flour, and salt. Add to egg yolks; beat until
  well-mixed.
  
  3. Stir some of hot cream mixture into egg yolks; mix well. Stir egg
  mixture into the remaining cream mixture in double boiler.
  
  4. Cook over hot water, stirring constantly, about 15 min. or until
  mixture is thickened and coats spoon. Remove from heat.
  
  5. Add vanilla; cover surface with waxed paper; refrigerate overnight.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANANAS MIT CURACAO
 Categories: Getraenke
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
           4 cl Curacao
           2-3 cl Zitronensaft
           Ananassaft ungesuesst (a. d.
           - Dose)
 
    Curacao und Zitronensaft im Glas mischen. Mit gekuehltem Ananassaft
  nach Wunsch auffuellen und ein bis zwei Eiswuerfel hineingeben.
  
  *  aus essen & trinken 6 / 86
  
  Erfasser: Lothar Datum: 07.02.1994 Stichworte: Getraenke, Drinks,
  Alkoholisch
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANANAS MIT GRENADINE
 Categories: Getraenke
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
           1 cl Grenadinesirup
           1 cl Ananassirup
           3 cl Zitronensaft
           5 cl Orangensaft
 
    Alle Zutaten mit ein paar Eiswuerfeln im Shaker gut schuetteln (bis
  der Shaker richtig beschlagen ist), dann ohne Eis ins Glas giessen.
  
    Wenn Sie mehr als eine Portion machen wollen: die beiden
  Sirupsorten nur mit Zitronensaft shaken und den Orangensaft erst im
  Glas dazugeben, sonst wird`s eng im Shaker.
  
  *  Aus essen & trinken 8 / 86
  
  Erfasser: Lothar Datum: 07.02.1994 Stichworte: Drinks, Alkoholfrei
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANASAZI & PINTO BEANS WITH HOMINY & GREEN
 Categories: Main dish, Stews, Casseroles, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Dried anasazi beans
  1 1/2 c  Dried pinto beans
     10 c  Water
      1 ts Salt
      3 c  Dried indian hominy
      3 ea Green anaheim chiles
 
  Soak the beans overnight in water to cover.  In the morning rinse the
  beans with cold water and place in a large pot with fresh water to
  cover. Stir in the salt, cover and simmer slowly 2 to 2 1/2 hours,
  until the beans are tender.  Add water when necessary and stir
  occasionally to prevent the beans from burning. Add hominy and
  simmer, covered, 1 hour, stirring occasionally.  The hominy and beans
  should be very soft and moist, but not too watery. While the beans
  and hominy are cooking, roast, peel, seed and dice the chiles.
  Sprinkle on top of the cooked beans for garnish.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANASAZI & PINTO BEANS WITH HOMINY & GREEN CHILES
 Categories: Native amer, Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Dried anasazi beans
  1 1/2 c  Dried pinto beans
     10 c  Water
      1 ts Salt
      3 c  Dried indian hominy
      3    Green anaheim chiles, for
           -garnish
 
  Soak the beans overnight in water to cover.  In the morning rinse the
  beans with cold water and place in a large pot with fresh water to
  cover. Stir in the salt, cover and simmer slowly 2 to 2 1/2 hours,
  until the beans are tender.  Add water when necessary and stir
  occasionally to prevent the beans from burning.
  
  Add hominy and simmer, covered, 1 hour, stirring occasionally.  The
  hominy and beans should be very soft and moist, but not too watery.
  
  While the beans and hominy are cooking, roast, peel, seed and dice the
  chiles.  Sprinkle on top of the cooked beans for garnish. *****
  
  Most southwestern Indians grow beans.  The Hopis grow a variety of
  beans in terraces along their high mesas, where the crop is irrigated
  by natural springs.  After the harvest the beans are dried and
  stored. Some beans are used for ceremonial purposes - from weddings
  to Kachina dances - while others are used for their day-to-day meals.
  
  For suburban and city dwellers, I've found that pinto beans, white
  beans, or red beans work well, but I suggest you also experiment with
  some of the other varieties of beans - like anasazi beans - that are
  now available commercially.  Or you may want to be adventuresome and
  grow your own variety.  To round out this meal, the beans can be
  served with Lamb Stuffed Green Chiles, Pan Fried Trout, or Venison
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANASAZI & PINTO BEANS WITH HOMINY & GREEN CHILES
 Categories: Native amer, Stews
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Dried anasazi beans
  1 1/2 c  Dried pinto beans
     10 c  Water
      1 ts Salt
      3 c  Dried indian hominy
      3    Green anaheim chiles, for
           -garnish
 
  Soak the beans overnight in water to cover.  In the morning rinse the
  beans with cold water and place in a large pot with fresh water to
  cover. Stir in the salt, cover and simmer slowly 2 to 2 1/2 hours,
  until the beans are tender.  Add water when necessary and stir
  occasionally to prevent the beans from burning.
  
  Add hominy and simmer, covered, 1 hour, stirring occasionally.  The
  hominy and beans should be very soft and moist, but not too watery.
  
  While the beans and hominy are cooking, roast, peel, seed and dice the
  chiles.  Sprinkle on top of the cooked beans for garnish. *****
  
  Most southwestern Indians grow beans.  The Hopis grow a variety of
  beans in terraces along their high mesas, where the crop is irrigated
  by natural springs.  After the harvest the beans are dried and
  stored. Some beans are used for ceremonial purposes - from weddings
  to Kachina dances - while others are used for their day-to-day meals.
  
  For suburban and city dwellers, I've found that pinto beans, white
  beans, or red beans work well, but I suggest you also experiment with
  some of the other varieties of beans - like anasazi beans - that are
  now available commercially.  Or you may want to be adventuresome and
  grow your own variety.  To round out this meal, the beans can be
  served with Lamb Stuffed Green Chiles, Pan Fried Trout, or Venison
  Steaks and one of the many Indian breads such as Piki bread, Indian
  Frybread, or Adobe Bread.
  
  ***Note***  Anasazi, Navajo for "the ancient ones" is the name given
  to the Native Americans who created the cliff dwellings in the
  Southwest. The sweet-tasting anasazi bean, one of the first foods
  cultivated by Native Americans, is high in protein and other
  nutrients. It also has a beautiful color.
  
  From "Native American Cooking," by Lois Ellen Frank
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANASAZI BEAN SOUP
 Categories: Vegetarian, Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Anasazi beans, dry; picked
           -over and rinsed
           Vegetable stock or water
      1 md Onion; chopped
      2 lg Garlic cloves; pressed or
           -minced
    1/4 ts Coriander
    1/2 ts Cumin
      1    Jalapeno or other pepper;
           -finelychopped
           Salt to taste
           Green onions; minced, and/or
           -cilantro leaves for garnish
 
   Cover the beans in water and soak overnight, allowing extra water for
  expansion. Drain, reserving soaking water. Measure soaking water and
  add stock or water to equal 6 cups. Pour into pot.
  
   Add remaining ingredients except salt and bring to a boil. Cover,
  reduce heat andcook at a low simmer for 1 1/2 to 2 hours, or until
  beans are tender. season with salt to taste and serve hot, garnished
  with green onion and/or cilantro. Makes 4 servings.
  
   Per serving: 183 cal; 10 g prot; .9 g fat; 32 g carb; 0 chol; 422 mg
  sod; 6 g fiber; vegan.
  
   Vegetarian Times, Nov 93/MM by DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANASAZI BEAN SPREAD
 Categories: Appetizers, Dips
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      1 c  Cooked AM Anasazi Beans
    1/2 md Onion
      1    Celery stalk
    1/4 c  Tofu, drained
      1 tb AM Unrefined Olive Oil
    1/2 ts Vege-sal
           -OR- similar seasoning
    1/2 ts Chili powder
    1/2 ts Oregano
    1/2 ts Basil
    1/4 ts Garlic powder
 
  Blend together in blender or food processor until smooth. Great for
  dips or sandwich spread.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "The Native Americans" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANASAZI BEAN STEW WITH CORNMEAL DUMPLINGS
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Anasazi beans
      3 c  Water
      2 c  Chopped onions
      1 c  Chopped celery
  1 1/2 c  Sliced carrots
      1    (7") strip kombu; rinsed
      3    Bay leaves
      2 ts Dried savory
      2 c  Tomato puree
      1 tb Balsamic vinegar
      2 tb Low-sodium tamari

MMMMM---------------------CORNMEAL DUMPLINGS--------------------------
    1/2 c  Cornmeal
    1/4 ts Sea salt
    1/8 ts Baking powder
  5 1/4 oz Extra-firm silken tofu
 
  Combine beans, water, onions, celery, carrots, kombu, bay leaves,
  savory and tomato puree in a large soup kettle. Bring to a boil,
  reduce heat and simmer until beans and vegetables are tender, about
  45 minutes.
  
  Remove kombu, slice into bite-size pieces and return to kettle. Stir
  in vinegar and tamari.
  
  While the stew is cooking, prepare the dumpling dough (below). Bring
  stew to a slow boil over medium heat and drop tablespoonfuls of
  batter onto surface of stew. Cover and cook for 10 minutes.
  
  Remove dumplings with a slotted spoon to a serving bowl. Stir stew to
  mix well.  Ladle stew into individual serving bowls and top with
  dumplings. Serve immediately.
  
  Hints: For fresh tomato puree, place 3 to 4 medium-size tomatoes in a
  blender and blend until smooth.
  
  Delicious with cooked greens and a tomato salad.
  
  CORNMEAL DUMPLINGS: =================== (Makes about 8 dumplings)
  
  In a medium-size mixing bowl, combine cornmeal, salt and baking
  powder.
  
  Blend tofu in a blender or food processor until smooth and creamy.
  
  Add tofu to cornmeal mixture and mix well.
  
  Hints: Replace 1/2 cup all purpose flour for half of cornmeal.
  
  STEW - Per serving: 526 cal, 31 g prot, 579 mg sod, 92 g carb, 6 g
  fat, 0 mg chol, 183 mg calcium
  
  DUMPLINGS - Per serving: 55 cal, 4 g prot, 125 mg sod, 6 g carb, 2 g
  fat, 0 mg chol, 51 mg calcium
  
  From: Vegetarian Gourmet - Winter 1993 Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANASAZI BEANS WITH JUNIPER
 Categories: Beans, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Dried Anasazi or pinto beans
     10    Coriander seeds
      8    Juniper berries
      1 sm Onion
      1 tb Sunflower seed or light
           -olive oil
      1 ts Ground red chile (opt)
      1 ts Dried Mexican or Greek
           -oregano
  2 1/2 qt Water
           Salt
 
  Uncomplicated and satisfying, this recipe for anasazi beans is from
  Deborah Madison's "The Savory Way."
  
  You can find juniper berries in the spice section of specialty food
  markets.
  
  Sort through the beans, rinse them well, cover them with cold water,
  and set them aside for six hours or overnight. (Or use the
  quick-soaking method.)
  
  Bruise the seeds and berries in a mortar, and chop the onion into
  small squares.
  
  Warm the oil in a wide-bottomed soup pot; add the onions, coriander
  seeds, juniper berries, chile and oregano. Cook together over medium
  heat for 3 or 4 minutes, stirring occasionally.
  
  Drain the beans and add them to the pot along with the fresh water.
  Bring to a boil; then lower the heat and simmer for 40 minutes. Add
  salt to taste and continue cooking until the beans are as tender as
  you like them ~ probably another 30 minutes or so. When done, check
  the seasoning. Serve the beans in a bowl with the broth.
  
  Suggestion: There are lots of tasty additions you can use - cilantro,
  mint, scallions, sour cream, cheese and so on. But try the beans
  plain first.
  
  Nutritional analysis per serving: 401 calories, 4.84 grams fat, 0
  milligrams cholesterol, 27.6 milligrams sodium; 11 percent of
  calories form fat.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANASAZI-TOFU ENCHILADAS
 Categories: Beans, Rice, Vegetarian, Mexican
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 c  Slightly pureed Anasazi
           Beans *
    1/2 c  Cooked rice
    1/2 c  Tofu, excess water removed
    1/4 c  Chopped bell pepper
    1/4 c  Chopped green onion
      1 c  Grated cheddar
      1 c  Grated Monterey Jack
     10 oz Enchilada sauce
     10    Corn tortillas
 
  Mix first five ingredients together. Add 2 T. enchilada sauce. Moisten
  tortillas in warmed enchilada sauce. Fill tortilla with mixture and
  roll. Place in greased 6 1/2" X 10 1/2" pan with the opening of the
  roll down. Any remaining sauce should be poured on top of the
  enchiladas once the pan is filled. Place cheeses on top and bake at
  300 degrees F for 35-40 minutes.
  
  *  "Anasazi" is a Navajo word meaning "ancient one." Anasazi beans
  have been found in many southwestern Indian dwellings. Bean
  connoisseurs will appreciate the characteristic taste and texture
  talents of pinto and kidney combined within this ancient Indian
  entrant. Versatility of this variety is limited only by your
  imagination: take them for a "dip": enlist them for creative Mexican
  food construction: they even taste good straight!
  
  Courtesy of:
  
  Arrowhead Mills, Inc. P.O. Box 2059 Hereford, TX 79045 (806) 364-0730
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHO BASE
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      3    Dried ancho chile peppers
      4 oz Dried tomatoes
      3 tb Minced garlic
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
      4    Beef-flavored bouillon
           Cubes
      1 tb Dried oregano
      1 tb Brown sugar
      2 tb Worcestershire sauce
    1/4 c  Tomato paste
  1 1/2 c  Water
 
  Combine all ingredients in a saucepan.  Bring to a boil over medium
  heat; reduce heat, and simmer, stirring occasionally, 10 minutes.
  Cool about 15 minutes.
  
  Position knife blade in food processor bowl; add mixture. Process
  until smooth, stopping often to scrape down sides. Refrigerate up to
  1 week or freeze up to 3 months.
  
  Source:  "Southern Living, August 1995".
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Caitlin Davis Carlson, Seaview,wa
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHO CHILE BUTTER
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lg Dried ancho chiles -- see
           Directions
    1/2 c  Butter
 
  (Note: New Mexico, pasilla, or California chiles can be substituted
  for ancho chiles.)
  
  1. Put chiles in a bowl and cover with boiling water. When they are
  rehydrated, drain them and put them in a food processor or blender;
  process until finely chopped.
  
  2. In a small saucepan over medium-high heat, melt butter. With
  machine running, add hot butter to chiles in a fine stream. Blend
  until color is homogeneous and mixture is smooth.
  
  3. Let stand at room temperature until butter reaches a spoonable
  consistency. Use immediately, or refrigerate or freeze for later use.
  
  Microwave Version: Complete step 1. Put butter in a glass dish and
  microwave on 100% power until butter is melted, about 45 to 60
  seconds. Continue with steps 2 and 3.
  
  Makes 1/2 cup.
  
  Recipe By     : the California Culinary Academy
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHO CHILE SALSA
 Categories: Salsa, Dips, Mesamexican, Lnet
      Yield: 2 Cups
 
      4 md Ancho chiles, wiped clean,
           -stemmed and seeded
      2 c  Fresh squeezed orange juice
      4 tb Fresh squeezed grapefruit
           -juice
      2 tb Fresh squeezed lime juice
      4 ts Salt
      1 ts Fresh ground black pepper
      4 tb Olive oil (optional)
 
  Toast the chiles directly over a medium gas flame or in a cast-iron
  skilliet until soft and brown, turning frequently to avoid scorching.
  
  Slice the chiles into 1-inch strips, then into a very fine julienne.
  
  Combine all of the ingredients in a bowl, mix well and let sit at
  least 30 minutes or as long as 2 hours before serving.
  
  Ancho salsa keeps a few days in the refrigerator.
  
  SOURCE: Mesa Mexicana, Mary Sue Milliken and Susan Feniger with Helena
  Siegel.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHO CORN CAKES
 Categories: Spicy, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Anchos(use 2 to 4)
    1/2 c  All purpose flour
    1/2 c  Yellow corn meal
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    3/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Oregano, crush dry
    3/4 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Butter ; melted
      1    Egg
      1 c  Corn kernels
           Oil
           Sour cream
 
  1. Place anchos in small saucepan and cover with water. Bring to boil,
  remove from heat, cover and let stand 10 minutes. Drain, When cool
  enough to handle, remove skin, stems and seeds, then finely dice. Set
  aside . 2. In bowl, combine flour, cornmeal, baking powder, salt and
  oregano. In separate bowl, mix milk with melted butter and egg. Stir
  into flour mixture. Fold in corn and anchos. . 3. Ladle batter onto
  hot, lightly oiled griddle to make 3 inch cakes. Cook over
  medium-high heat 2 minutes on each side or until golden. Transfer to
  plate and keep warm. Repeat with remaining batter.  Serve warm with
  sour cream and salsa. Makes 4 servings
  
  From  "Totally Chile Pepper Cookbook" by Helene Siegal and Karen
  Gillingham. Printed in Newsday (Long Island Newspaper). Taking The
  Heat off Chiles by Wendy Lin, June 4, 1997, Food and Dining section.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHO RANCHERO SAUCE
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
       10    Ancho peppers
        5    garlic cloves
        2    tomatoes
        2 TB olive oil
    1 1/2 c  chopped onions
      1/2 c  chopped carrots
        1    jalapeno, -- seeded and
  :          chopped
        1    whole ear of corn, cut
  :          crosswise into -- 4 to 5
  :          rounds
        2    corn tortillas, -- cut into
      1/2    -inch strips
      1/2 bn cilantro, -- tied together
    1 1/2 c  vegetable or chicken stock
  :          or broth
  :          Juice of 3 limes
  :          Salt
  :          Maple syrup
  
  Seed Ancho peppers, soak in hot water until soft, then puree in a food
  processor or blender. Roast garlic and tomatoes in a 350 degree oven
  until softened and darkened in spots. Heat oil in a medium saucepan
  and saute onions until golden. Add carrots and saute until tender,
  about 4 minutes. Add roasted garlic and tomatoes, jalapeno, corn,
  tortilla strips, cilantro and Ancho puree. Bring to a boil and simmer
  for 5 minutes. Remove and discard corn and cilantro. Strain sauce.
  Add lime juice, and season to taste with salt and maple syru
  
  Recipe By     :CHEF DU JOUR DEAN FEARING SHOW #DJ9065
  
                                        Date: 09/26/96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHO RED-ONION FLAPJACKS
 Categories: Cakes, Hot, Vegetables
      Yield: 12 Flapjacks
 
      1 lg Red onion, julienned
      1 tb Ancho powder
      2 ts Cumin powder
      2 c  Flour
      1 c  Corn meal
      2 ts Salt
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Sugar
      2 c  Beer
 
  In a large mixing bowl, combine onions, ancho powder, cumin, flour,
  corn meal, salt, lemon juice and sugar. Stir well to combine.
  
  Add beer, stirring to form a pancake-thin batter.
  
  Coat a griddle with a little oil and heat over medium heat. Pour 1/4
  cup of batter out at a time to form ca,es, flattening if required.
  Cook until golden brown, about 2-3 minutes. Flip cakes and continue
  cooking until second side is browned. Reseve cakes on a warmed plate.
  
  Serve with chili.
  
  Recipe courtesy of "Chile Pepper Magazine" entered by Roy Olsen
  roy@indy.net        http://www.indy.net/~roy/
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHO SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Spices, Mexican
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
     12    Dried ancho chilies
      1 ts Salt (or to taste)
      2 c  Boiling water
      1 ts Dried oregano
      1 c  Peeled, seeded and finely
           -chopped tomatoes
    3/4 ts Ground cumin
    1/4 ts Tumeric
      2 md Garlic cloves, minced
 
  Seed and stem chilies under cold running water.  Break into one-inch
  pieces.  Place in medium bowl.  Add boiling water and soak one hour.
  
  Strain chilies through sieve, reserving liquid.  Add tomatoes, garlic,
  salt, oregano, cumin and tumeric, and blend well. Pour mixture into
  heavy small saucepan. Add one cup reserved soaking liquid. Bring to
  boil, stirring constantly.  Reduce heat and simmer until sauce
  thickens and coats spoon, ten to fifteen minutes. Serve at room
  temperature. From Bon Appetit, Dec '85.
  
  Makes 2 cups
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHO VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Salads, Dressings, Seasonings
      Yield: 3 Cups
 
      2    Ancho peppers
      5    Sun-dried tomatoes
      2 c  Water
      1 c  Rice wine vinegar
    1/2 c  Salad oil
      2 tb Soy sauce
      2 tb Sugar
 
  In a small saucepan over medium-high heat, boil peppers and tomatoes
  until soft and water is reduced by half. Remove from heat and cool.
  
  Drain peppers and tomatoes. Reserve cooking liquid. Puree
  pepper/tomato mixture.
  
  In a medium bowl, whisk pepper/tomato mixture, vinerar, oil, soy
  sauce and sugar.
  
  Adjust consistency and flavor to taste with reserved cooking liquid.
  
  Serve on fresh greens.
  
  Recipe courtesy "Chile Pepper Magazine" entered by Roy Olsen
  roy@indy.net http://www.indy.net/~roy/
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHO-RUBBED GAME HEN
 Categories: 
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      6    Ancho chilies -- dried
      8 c  Boiling water
      2 tb Garlic -- minced
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Cilantro -- minced
      2 c  Cornmeal
      2 tb Curry powder
      2 tb Cumin -- ground
           Salt and pepper
      2    Rock Cornish game hens
           Breast -- skinned and boned
      1 c  Olive oil
 
  Preheat the oven to 400F. Place the ancho chilies in a large bowl,
  cover them with the boiling water, and soak them for 30 minutes to
  overnight. Drain the chilies well, then remove and discard the seed
  and stems. Place the chilies in a blender with the garlic, salt, and
  cilantro. Puree and set aside.
  
  Combine the cornmeal, curry powder, cumin, salt, and pepper and
  spread in a jelly-roll pan. Spread the hen breasts generously and
  evenly with the chili puree, then dredge them in the seasoned
  cornmeal.
  
  Place a large saute pan or skillet over high heat,. add the oil and
  heat until it begins to smoke. Add the hen breasts and cook 2 to 3
  minutes, or until the topping is crisp. Turn the breasts, cook the
  other side until crisp, then transfer the breasts to the preheated
  oven to cook another 5 minutes, or until opaque throughout.
  
  Recipe By     : Bobby Flay, Mesa Grill/tpogue@idsonline.com
  
  From: Dave <davidg@clam.Rutgers.Edu>  Date: 7 Oct 1996 13:21:50 -0600
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHOR BAR BUFFALO WINGS
 Categories: Appetizers, Poultry
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           ** the sauce **
      6 tb Louisiana hot sauce; (3 oz.)
    1/2    Margarine; not butter!
      1 tb White vinegar
    1/8 ts Celery seed
    1/8 ts Cayenne pepper; to 1/4 tsp
    1/4 ts Red pepper
    1/8 ts Garlic salt
      1 ds Black pepper
    1/4 ts Worcestershire sauce
      1 ts Tabasco sauce; to 2 tsp
           Carrot and celery sticks
           Marie's bleu cheese dressing
 
  This is supposed to be the REAL Buffalo Wing recipe from the Anchor
  Bar in Buffalo.
  
     The Sauce This makes enough for about 30 "wingettes". Mix all the
  ingredients in a small sauce pan over low heat until the margarine is
  completely melted. Sti occasionally.
  
     The Wings Fry the wings in a deep fryer set at 375 degrees F.,
  using vegetable or peanut oil. I fry 15 wings at a time for 12-15
  minutes. Drain the wings for wings have been fried, pour the sauce
  over them, cover the bowl, and shake to completely coat the wings.
  They can be eaten now, or you can put them o for a few minutes to get
  an extra-crispy coating. Serve with carrot and cel beer (Genee Cream
  Ale is traditional). ** (FRANK'S, now Durkee's)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHOR BAR HOT WINGS
 Categories: Appetizers, Poultry
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           Chicken wings
           Read below
 
  The following was originally posted by G.SCHAEFFER GBGM64A. The key
  to good Buffalo Wings is how you prepare them as well as the
  ingredients and the handling of the wings.  The most successful wings
  served up here in Buffalo are what they call "Grade A Grinders."
  Fresh wings that are very large and meaty. Usually, you cannot get
  them in a frozen package, but can get them from a poultry dealer.
  Once you find them make sure they are absolutely fresh.  Wash them in
  cold water, split them at the joint and remove the tips. Place them
  on a rack on a pan and refrigerate overnight to let the blood and
  water drain out of the wings. THIS IS A REAL KEY. Drying the wings
  under refrigeration will help to make them a much crispier product,
  once deep fried. Next, use a deep fryer or a very heavy deep pot with
  a thermometer and add the oil. Peanut oil is very good, or a
  commercial product such as can be found at a restaurant cash and
  carry called Mel Fry. Heat the oil up SLOWLY, to 365F, and depending
  on the size of the fryer, deep fry the dry wings 6-8 minutes in small
  batches, until thoroughly done and golden brown. Hold the cooked
  wings in a warm oven if necessary. A combination of melted margarine
  and hot sauce in the ratio of 1 part margarine to 3 parts hot sauce
  will add the right zing. The key here is to add just enough sauce to
  coat the wings - the more sauce you add, the hotter they will be.
  For the very brave, 1 part margarine to 3 parts hot sauce and 1 part
  Tabasco is referred to as "Suicidal Wings" by the late and dear Don
  Bellissimo, who owned the Anchor Bar. Working quickly, place the deep
  fried wings in a large bowl and add the sauce mixture, shaking to
  coat them. There are many good hot sauces to use; the one they use is
  either Durkee Franks Red Hot Sauce or Wingers Original, again found
  in a restaurant cash and carry. Celery sticks and chunky blue cheese
  dressing (Ken's Buffalo Style Blue Cheese is a popular one) and
  plenty of napkins.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHOR BAR HOT WINGS - GBGM64A G.SCHAEFFER
 Categories: Appetizers, Poultry
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 x  Chicken wings
      1 x  Read below
 
  The key to good Buffalo Wings is how you prepare them as well as the
  ingredients and the handling of the wings. The most successful wings
  served up here in Buffalo are what they call "Grade A Grinders."
  Fresh wings that are very large and meaty.  Usually, you cannot get
  them in a frozen package, but can get them from a poultry dealer.
  Once you find them make sure they are absolutely fresh. Wash them in
  cold water, split them at the joint and remove the tips. Place them
  on a rack on a pan and refrigerate overnight to let the blood and
  water drain out of the wings. THIS IS A REAL KEY.  Drying the wings
  under refrigeration will help to make them a much crispier product,
  once deep fried. Next, use a deep fryer or a very heavy deep pot with
  a thermometer and add the oil. Peanut oil is very good, or a
  commercial product such as can be found at a restaurant cash and
  carry called Mel Fry. Heat the oil up SLOWLY, to 365F, and depending
  on the size of the fryer, deep fry the dry wings 6-8 minutes in small
  batches, until thoroughly done and golden brown. Hold the cooked
  wings in a warm oven if necessary. A combination of melted margarine
  and hot sauce in the ratio of 1 part margarine to 3 parts hot sauce
  will add the right zing. The key here is to add just enough sauce to
  coat the wings - the more sauce you add, the hotter they will be.
  For the very brave, 1 part margarine to 3 parts hot sauce and 1 part
  Tabasco is referred to as "Suicidal Wings" by the late and dear Don
  Bellissimo, who owned the Anchor Bar. Working quickly, place the deep
  fried wings in a large bowl and add the sauce mixture, shaking to
  coat them. There are many good hot sauces to use; the one they use is
  either Durkee Franks Red Hot Sauce or Wingers Original, again found
  in a restaurant cash and carry. Celery sticks and chunky blue cheese
  dressing (Ken's Buffalo Style Blue Cheese is a popular one) and
  plenty of napkins.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHOVY DEVILED EGGS
 Categories: Appetizers, Seafood
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           WALDINE VAN GEFFEN VGHC42A
     12    Eggs; hard-boil, peel, halve
           -lengthwise
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
      2 tb Anchovies; mince
      1 ts Dijon mustard
      1 ts Lemon juice
      2 tb Parsley; mince
           Salt and pepper
           Capers
 
  Remove yolks from eggs and mash in bowl. Stir in mayonnaise,
  anchovies, mustard, lemon juice, 1 tablespoon parsley and salt and
  pepper to taste. Place filling in pastry bag. Pipe filling into egg
  whites. Garnish with capers and remaining parsley. Cover and chill
  until serving time.
  
      120    cal, 9 gr fat, 68% fat.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHOVY OLIVE DIP
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Dairy sour cream
    1/2 c  Finely chopped stuffed green
           -olives
  1 1/2 tb Anchovy paste
    1/2 ts Grated onion
 
  Combine ingredients; mix well.  Chill
  
  Randy Rigg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHOVY SANDWICH BUTTER
 Categories: Spreads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 lb Sweet Butter
      3    Coarsely Chopped Anchovy
           Fillets
 
  Combine ingredients and mix until smooth.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHOVY SPREAD
 Categories: Spreads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 oz Anchovy fillets, drained
      1 tb Milk
      2 tb Butter, softened
      1 oz Bel Paese cheese
      1 ts Lemon juice
      3 pn Cayenne pepper
      3 pn Ground nutmeg
    1/4 ts Hot-pepper sauce
      2 ts Capers, drained, finely
           -chopped
           Hot toast strips
           Radish slices
           Watercress sprigs
 
  Put anchovies into a bowl with milk. Let soak 30 minutes. Drain well,
  then pat anchovies dry with paper towels.
  
  Chop anchovies finely and put into a bowl with butter and cheese; mix
  well. Add lemon juice, cayenne, nutmeg and hot-pepper sauce.
  
  In a blender or food processor, process to a smooth puree scraping
  mixture from sides of bowl occasionally. Add capers and mix well.
  Spread thinly on toast. Garnish with radish slices and watercress.
  
  NOTE: This mixture will keep in refrigerator for up to
        5    days.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHOVY YOGURT DRESSING
 Categories: Diabetic, Dressings, Salads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Plain low-fat yogurt;
      1 tb Salflower;
           -=OR=-
      1 tb Corn oil;
      2 tb White vinegar;
        pn Salt;
    1/8 ts White pepper;
      1 cl Garlic; minced
      2 tb Fresh parsley; chopped
      1 tb Anchovy paste;
        ds Red(cayenne)pepper
 
  Excellent dressing for vegetables, pasta, fish, or salads.
  
  Place all ingedients in a blender and process until smooth.
  Refrigerate to blend flavors; adjust seasoning before serving. Makes
  about 3/4 cup. Food Exchange per serving: FREE; CAL: 21; CHO: 2mg;
  CAR: 1g; PRO: 0g; SOD: 38mg; FAT: 2g;  Makes about 3/4 cup.  12
  servings(1-tb each)
  
  Source: Light & Easy Diabetes Cuisine by Betty Marks Brought to you
  and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHOVY-GRILLED SALMON STEAKS
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Salmon steaks
           Parsley sprigs
           Lemon wedges
           -----anchovy butter-----
      6    Anchovy fillets
      2 tb Milk
      6 tb Butter
      1 dr Tabasco sauce
           Pepper
 
  Pre-heat the grill to high heat.  Oil the grill rack and place each
  steak to ensure an even heat.  Place a small knob of Anchovy Butter
  (divide a quarter of the mixture in four) on each steak. Grill for 4
  minutes.
  
  Turn the steaks with a fish slice and place another quarter of the
  butter among the steaks.  Grill on the second side 4 minutes. Reduce
  the heat and allow to cook for a further 3 minutes, less if the
  steaks are thin.
  
  Serve with a neatly arranged pat of anchovy butter on top of each
  steak. Garnish with parsley sprigs and lemon wedges.
  
  Anchovy Butter: Soak all the anchovy fillets in milk. Mash in a bowl
  with a wooden spoon until creamy. Cream all ingredients together and
  chill.
  
  Serves 4.
  
  (Adapted from a recipe in "Classic Fish Dishes," by Myra Street)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCHOYADE
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Jim Vorheis
      4 oz Flat anchovy fillets
      2 md Cloves garlic, finely
           -chopped
      1 ts Tomato paste
      1 tb To 1 1/2 tb olive oil
      2 ts Lemon juice (or red wine
           -vinegar)
           Freshly ground black pepper
      8    To 10 slices French bread,
           -1/2-inch thick, cut into
           Strips
      1 ts Finely chopped fresh parsley
 
  Soak anchovies 10 minutes in cold water and pat dry with paper towels.
  Place in a large mortar or heavy bowl with the garlic and tomato
  paste. Pound with a pestle, wooden masher or spoon into a very smooth
  puree, or use food processor with steel blade. Dribble the oil in, a
  few drops at a time, stirring constantly until thick and smooth, like
  mayonnaise. Stir in lemon juice and a few grounds of black pepper.
  Preheat oven to 500 F. Brown bread lightly on one side.  While bread
  is warm, spread untoasted side with anchovy mixture, pressing it into
  bread with back of fork or spoon. Bake for 10 minutes.  Sprinkle with
  parsley and serve at once.
  
  Note: For a first course, use whole slices of French bread spread with
  anchovy mixture.
  
  Colorado Cache Cookbook (1978) From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCINI DI PEPE
 Categories: Desserts, Italian, Pasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Ancini Di Pepe Macaroni,
           Cooked -- drained & rinsed
           Well
     20 oz Can Crushed Pineapple
      1 lg Can Mandarin Oranges
           -(13-16oz?)
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour
      2    Eggs
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 sm Conatiner Cool Whip
 
  Cook juice from crushed pineapple and mandarin oranges with sugar,
  flour, eggs, and salt until thick. Pour over macaroni and fruit
  mixture. Cool 4 hours or overnight. Add 1 small conatiner of cool
  whip. Mix well and refrigerate
  
  Recipe By     : Kathy Weeks <KWEEKS@OA.ITHACA.EDU>
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANCO CHILI DEVIL'S FOOD CUPCAKES WITH ROASTED
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------FOR THE CAKE-----------------------------
  1 1/4 c  Cake Flour
    1/2 c  Unsweetened Cocoa Powder
      3 tb Ancho chili powder
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Cayenne pepper
    1/2 ts Salt
     10 tb Unsalted butter at room temp
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      3    Large eggs
    1/2 c  Buttermilk
    1/2 c  Hot dark coffee
      1 ts Pure vanilla extract

MMMMM----------------------FOR THE TOPPING---------------------------
    1/2 c  Lightly rosasted Macadamias
           - whole or chopped (about
           - 2 oz.)
      4 oz Semisweet chocolate, chopped
    1/2 c  Whipping cream
 
  [Note:  Bobby Flay, chef of NYC's Mesa Grill, prepared this dessert
  for a Meals on Wheels benefit meal at the Frontera Grill in Chicago.
  Blended with the cocoa and coffee, the chili powder is only mildly
  hot and adds something approximating a fruit flavor.]
  
  1.  Heat oven to 375 degrees.  Butter a 9" square cake pan, line the
  bottom with parchment or waxed paper and butter the paper. Measure
  out cake flour, cocoa, chili powder, baking soda, salt, baking
  powder, and cayenne.
   Sift them together 3 times. 2. Using an electric mixer with a large
  bowl, beat the butter and sugar together until light and fluffy. Beat
  in the eggs, one at a time, and continue beating until mixture is
  light, fluffy and almost tripled in volume. 3. Fold 1/3 dry mixture
  into the butter-egg mixture, then add 1/2 the buttermilk and 1/2 the
  coffee. Fold in another 1/3 of the dry mixture then the remaining
  buttermilk and coffee. Finish with the remaining dry dry mixture and
  the vanilla extract. 4. Spread the batter in the prepared pan. Bake
  until cake springs back when touched lightly (30 - 35 min.).  Then
  turn out of pan and leave on the rack until completely cool. 5. Use a
  2-1/2 inch cookie cutter to cut rounds from the cake. Place the
  rounds in paper cupcake liners. 6. Make the topping: If the
  macadamias are raw, roast them in a 350 degree oven, turning once,
  until they just begin to color. Place the chopped chocolate in a
  bowl, heat the whipping cream tii the point of a bowl and pour it
  over the chocolate. Let cool to warm then drizzle it over the
  cupcakes. Top with macadamia nuts.
  
  [Note: Ancho chili powder can be made by stemming and seeding whole
  ancho chilies and pulverizing them in an electric spice mill or
  coffee grinder. The poweder should be available at markets featuring
  Soutwestern ingredients or may be ordered by mail from G.B. Ratto &
  Co., 800-325-3483.]
  
  From Chicago Tribune Magazine 3/23/93. Posted by Bud Cloyd
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDERSON HOUSE TACO SALAD *
 Categories: Beef, Salads, Tex-mex, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------------PATTI-VDRJ67A----------------------------
      2 lb Ground beef
      1 pk Taco seasoning
      8 oz Sharp cheddar cheese; shred
    1/2    Head of lettuce; cut finely
      2    Tomaotes; chopped up
      1    Onion; chopped fine
      1    Pace picante sauce, HOT
      1 pt Sour cream
      1 pk Unflavored taco chips -OR-
           - Taco salad bowls - shells
           - to be baked in oven
 
  Number one rule, invite friends over!!! Have a pitcher of margaritas
  made and the beer cold!! Once friends arrive, start the festivities.
  Put everyone to work. Brown the ground beef and drain; add the taco
  seasoning and water according to the packet directions. While doing
  this, have someone else chop the veggies and shred the cheese. If
  using the taco salad bowls, bake them in the oven. If using taco
  chips, smash them up. While working, pour margaritas and beers and
  take sips every now and then. Supply bowls to place all the
  ingredients in separately. When everything is done and ready to go,
  sit down at table. Make sure everyone has a beer or margarita!! Pass
  everything around and let everyone make their own mess (salad). One
  last important thing - the GUYS get clean up duty!!!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDES MINT CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 pk OREO COOKIES
      4 tb BUTTER, melted
           Crush Oreos in a food
           -processor; add melted
           -butter, mix
           Well. Press into 10 inch
           -springform pan.
           CAKE
      1    (32 oz.) pkg CREAM CHEESE
      1 c  SUGAR
      5    EGGS
      1    (6 oz.) pkg SEMI-SWEET
           -CHOCOLATE, melted
     18    ANDES MINT CANDIES, chopped
    1/2 c  SOUR CREAM
      1 ts VANILLA
 
  ** CRUST
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDHRA HOT COCONUT RICE
 Categories: India
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 ea Dried red New Mexico
           -chiles, stems removed,
           -crushed
      4 ea Fresh jalapeno or serrano
           -chiles, stems removed,
           -finely chopped
      2 c  Freshly grated coconut
      2 c  Cooked rice
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Mustard seeds
      2 ts Peanuts
      2 ts Cashews
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
 
  several fresh whole red and green chiles for garnish Roast the
  coconut in a dry frying pan until it is golden brown, then mix in the
  rice and salt. Set aside. Heat the oil and fry the mustard seeds,
  peanuts, and cashews, but take care they do not burn. Pour the
  seasoning mixture over the rice and coconut, and mix well. Garnish
  with the whole red and green chiles. Serves: 6-8. Heat scale: Hot.
  ANDHRA HOT COCONUT RICE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDHRA MUTTON BIRIYANI
 Categories: Other meat
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      8 ea Chiles, serrano (or jalapeno
           -;stems removed
      4 c  Basmati; (or long grain
           -rice)
      3 lb Mutton; 1.5" cubes
      2 c  Yogurt
  1 1/2 cc Ginger
     10 lg Garlic cloves
      2 ea Cinnomon stick; 1"
     14 ea Cloves
     10 ea Cardomon seeds
     10 sm Onions; sliced
  1 1/2 c  Ghee
      6 c  Water; boiling
      1 ts Turmeric
      3 ts Salt
 
  Wash and soak the rice in water for 1/2 hour. Drain off the water and
  tie the rice into a cloth. Add the meat to a mixture of the yogurt
  and 2 tsp salt and set aside. Saute the chiles in 1 TBS ghee. Mix the
  chiles, ginger, garlic, and half the cinnamon, cloves and cardamom
  together and grind into a fine paste. Rub the ground spices into the
  meat. Heat half the remaining ghee and add the meat and spice/yogurt
  mixture and half the onions and cook over a low fire until the meat
  is tender. Heat the remaining ghee and add the remaining cinnamon,
  cloves and cardamom. After they have cooked for a few minutes add the
  rest of the onions and fry until they are golden brown. Add the rice
  and fry it until it is slightly brown. At this point, add the 6 cups
  boiling water, and then the turmeric and remaining salt. Let the rice
  mixture cook until the water is almost level with the grains (the
  rice should be half done by then) and then add the meat and its
  gravy. Do not mix them, but, after placing a tight lid on the pot,
  let the biriyani simmer for 15-20 minutes. After this, mix well and
  serve. Serves 8. This is almost a complete meal by itself, although
  pickles, chutneys and vegetables dishes would probably be served with
  it. Heat scale: Hot. ANDHRA MUTTON BIRIYANI
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDIE'S BRUNCH
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      6    Eggs
     16 sl Bread
  1 1/2 c  Shredded cheddar cheese
     10 sl Ham
      3 c  Milk
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 c  Cornflakes
 
  "Butter both sides of the 16 slices of bread. Place 8 slices in a 8 x
  10 pan which is 2" deep.Cover the bread with the sharp cheese and ham
  slices. Top this with the remaining 8 slices of bread. Mix the eggs,
  milk, mustard, and salt together. Pour over the casserole and
  refrigerate overnight. The next morning, combine 1/2 cup butter and
  the cornflakes, and put on top of the casserole. Bake for 1 hour at
  350F.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE
 Categories: Cajun, Meats, Appetizers
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
  1 1/2 ea Yards large sausage casing,
      1 x  About 2-3 inches wide
      4 lb Lean fresh pork
      2 lb Pork fat
  3 1/3 tb Finely minced garlic
      2 tb Salt
    1/2 ts Freshly ground black pepper
    1/8 ts Cayenne
    1/8 ts Chili powder
    1/8 ts Mace
    1/8 ts Allspice
    1/2 ts Dried thyme
      1 tb Paprika
    1/4 ts Ground bay leaf
    1/4 ts Sage 5
      1 x  Colgin's liquid hickory smok
 
  Andouille was a great favorite in nineteenth-century New Orleans. This
  thick Cajun sausage is made with lean pork and pork fat and lots fo
  garlic. Sliced about 1/2 inch thick and greilled, it makes a
  delightful appetizer. It is also used in a superb oyster and
  andouille gumbo poplular in Laplace, a Cajun town about 30 miles from
  New Orleans that calls itself the Andouille Capital of the World.
  (about 6 pounds of 20 inch sausage, 3 to 3 1/2 inches thick)
    Soak the casing about an hour in cold water to soften it and to
  loosen the salt in which it is packed. Cut into 3 yard lengths, then
  place the narrow end of the sausage stuffer in one end of the casing.
  Place the wide end of the stuffer up against the sink faucet and run
  cold water through the inside of the casing to remove any salt. (Roll
  up the casing you do not intend to use; put about 2 inches of coarse
  salt in a large jar, place the rolled up casing on it, then fill the
  rest of the jar with salt. Close tightly and refrigerate for later
  use.)
    Cut the meat and fat into chunks about 1/2 inch across and pass once
  through the coarse blade of the meat grinder. Combine the pork with
  the remaining ingredients in a large bowl and mix well with a wooden
  spoon. Cut the casings into 26 inch lengths and stuff as follows: Tie
  a knot in each piece of casing about 2 inches from one end. Fit the
  open end over the tip of  the sausage stuffer and slide it to about 1
  inch from the wide end. Push  the rest of the casing onto the stuffer
  until the top touches the knot.   (The casing will look like
  accordian folds on the stuffer.) Fit the stuffer  onto the meat
  grinder as directed on the instructions that come with the  machine,
  or hold the wide end of the stuffer against or over the opeoning by
  hand. Fill the hopper with stuffing.  Turn the machine on if it is
  electric  and feed the stuffing gradually into the hopper; for a
  manual machine, push  the stuffing through with a wooden pestle. The
  sausage casing will fill and inflate gradually. Stop filling about 1
  1/4 inches from the funnel end and slip the casing off the funnel,
  smoothing out any bumps carefully with your fingers and being careful
  not to push the stuffing out of the casing. Tie off the open end of
  the sausage tightly with a piece of string or make a knot in the
  casing itself. Repeat until all the stuffing is used up.
    To cook, slice the andouille 1/2 inch thick and grill in a hot
  skillet with no water for about 12 minutes on each side, until brown
  and crisp at the edges. From: Ellen Cleary
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE #2
 Categories: Cajun, Meats, Appetizers
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 lb Pork (2 lb fat, 2 lb lean)
      1 x  [usually Boston butt]
      1 lb Inner lining of pork stomach
      1 x  Or largest intestine (chitte
      2 ea Cloves of garlic
      3 ea Bay leaves
      2 ea Large onions
      1 tb Salt (not iodized)
      1 tb Pepper
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
      1 ts Chili pepper
    1/2 ts Ground mace
    1/2 ts Ground cloves
    1/2 ts Ground allspice
      1 tb Minced thyme
      1 tb Minced marjoram
      1 tb Minced parsley
 
  (you can use an extra pound of pork instead of the tripe.) - Chop, do
  not grind the meat.  Mix with seasonings. Stuff into casings. Age at
  least overnight and then smoke several hours using hickory, hackberry
  or ash. (Do not use pine.)  Throw anything sweet, such as cane sugar
  or syrup, raw sugar, molassess, sugar cane or brown sugar on the wood
  before lighting. From:    Ellen Cleary
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE & CHICKEN GUMBO WITH FILE
 Categories: Gumbos & st, Game, Pork & ham
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    4 Pound hen -- (4 to 6)
    1/2 c  Cooking oil
    3/4 c  All-purpose flour
  2 1/2 c  Onions -- chopped
  1 1/2 c  Celery -- chopped
    3/4 c  Green onions -- chopped
      4    Garlic cloves -- (4 to 5)
      1 lb Andouille -- sliced
      1 lb Smoked sausage -- sliced
      6 qt Water
      4 ts Black pepper
           File
    3/4 c  Parsley -- chopped
      3 c  Rice -- cooked
 
  Heat water in large pot. Cut hen into serving pieces. Season with 2
  teaspoons salt and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper. Brown in hot oil. Remove
  chicken and set aside. Add flour to drippings. Scrape bottom of
  skillet to loosen drippings. Make a medium-brown roux. Add onions and
  celery. Continue cooking 10 minutes, stirring constantly. Add roux to
  hot water. Stir until dissolved. Add hen, andouille, sausage and
  remaining salt and pepper. Simmer; remove andouille and sausage, when
  tender, set aside. Continue cooking until chicken is tender, about 2
  hours. Add andouille, sausage, green onions, and parsley. Adjust
  seasoning if necessary. Cook 15 minutes longer. Add file, allowing
  1/4 teaspoon per serving. Makes 4-1/2 quarts. Serve over cooked rice.
  Festival: Bridge City Gumbo Festival; October 13-15, 1995 Recipe:
  Jeanne Daunie
  
  Recipe By     : New Orleans Recipes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE & CHICKEN KABOBS WITH CREOLE MUST
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        8    cherry tomatoes
        1    green pepper, -- cut into 8
  :          pieces
        1 sm red onion, -- cut into 8
  :          pieces
      3/4 lb boneless, skinless chicken
  :          breast, -- cut into 12
  :          pieces
        1 lb andouille sausage link, --
  :          cut into 12 thick slices
  :          Salt and pepper
  :          Emeril's Creole Spice to
  :          taste (recipe included)
      1/4 c  olive oil
  :          For the creole mustard
  :          sauce:
        3 TB creole mustard
    1 1/2 c  chicken stock
      1/2 c  heavy cream
        2 TB butter
  
  Preheat grill to medium high or preheat broiler. Brush oil and season
  all the ingredients. Now Skewer them up on 4 metal skewers. For each
  skewer use, 2 tomatoes, 2 pieces peppers, 2 pieces of onion, 3 pieces
  of chicken, 3 pieces of andouille sausage. Now start the sauce. In a
  saucepan place stock and mustard. Bring to a boil, reduce heat for 2
  minutes or until reduced to 1/2 cup. While that is reducing, place
  the skewers on the grill. Cook for about 5 minutes on one side and
  then flip over and cook for about another 5 minutes or until chicken
  is no longer pink inside. When the sauce is reduced to 1/2 cup, add
  the cream. Bring to a boil, and reduce for another 2 minutes. Now
  whisk in the butter. Season to taste with salt and pepper and remove
  from the heat. Place kabobs on a serving platter and drizzle sauce on
  top.
  
  Yield: 4 servings
  
  Recipe By     :ESSENCE OF EMERIL SHOW #EE2210
  
                                        Date: Thu, 31 Oct 1996 08:27:35
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE & POTATOES
 Categories: Main dish, Meats
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 tb Bacon drippings
      1 c  Chopped onion
    1/2 c  Chopped bell pepper
      1 c  Finely chopped parsley
      1 c  Dry white wine
      1 tb Finely chopped garlic
      1 tb Soy sauce
      2 lb Audouille - or other heavily
           -smoked sausage
           -Louisiana hot sauce or
           -ground cayenne pepper to
           -taste
      1 ts Salt (or to taste)
      6 md Potatoes, thinly sliced
 
  Heat the bacon drippings in a large, heavy saucepan over medium high
  heat, and saute the onions, bell pepper, and parsley, stirring
  occasionally until the onions are clear. Add the wine, garlic, soy
  sauce, and andouille, and mix well.  Add the salt and hot sauce and
  stir. Add the potatoes, stir, cover, reduce the heat to low, and
  simmer, stirring occasionally until the potatoes are tender, about 30
  minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE A LA JEANNINE
 Categories: Cajun, Appetizers
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Dry white wine
      2 lb Andouille or smoked sausage
      2 tb Honey
      1 tb Creole mustard
 
  Slice andouille 1/4-to 1/2-inch thick.  Mix all liquid ingredients
  and pour over andouille in a covered skillet. Cook over low heat
  untill andouille is tender. Andouille is gumbo sausage for all you
  peoples who live away from the center of the universe.  You can use
  other sausage and it would taste okay. Justin Wilson "Gourmet and
  Gourmand Cookbook"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE BREAKFAST TACOS
 Categories: Eggs, Sausage, Tested
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/2 x  Andouille; chopped
    1/4 x  Inch slice white onion;
           - chopped
    1/4 x  Inch slice red bell pepper;
           - chopped
      1 x  Clove garlic; minced
      1 tb Butter
      2 x  Eggs
        x  Milk; 1/2 egg shell full x 2
        x  S&P; to taste
      1 ds Tabasco or other hot sauce;
           - to taste
    1/2 c  Cheddar & Jack cheeses
      2 x  Flour tortillas
 
  Saute' andouille with onion, red bell pepper and garlic for 5 minutes.
  
  Break eggs into a jar.  Fill one half of an egg shell with milk
  twice; add to eggs.  Add tabasco, s&p. Cover and shake to mix.
  
  Add butter to andouille and vegies.  Add eggs, and scramble. Turn off
  heat, add cheese and stir to blend.
  
  Heat tortillas (nuke for 30 seconds).
  
  Spoon egg mixture onto tortillas, roll up and enjoy.
  
  Notes: Woke up hungry one sunday morn with a hankerin' for breakfast
  tacos. Looked for the chorizo, but all that turned up was andouille.
  Oh, well ;)
  
  Recipe by Kurt Faria 09/22/96.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE IN COMFORTING BARBECUE SAUCE
 Categories: Cajun, Appetizers
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
      4 c  Onions, finely chopped
      1 c  Celery, finely chopped
      1 c  Bell pepper, finely chopped
      1 c  Parsley, finely chopped
      1 c  Peanut oil
      1 tb Garlic, finely chopped
      3 c  Steak sauce
    1/2 c  Louisiana hot sauce OR
      3 c  Ketchup
      2 tb Cayenne pepper
      3 ts Salt, to taste
      1 c  Southern Comfort Liquor
      1 lb Andouille sausage
 
  Saute onions, celery, bell pepper, and parsley in peanut oil until the
  onions are clear or tender.  Add garlic and cook a little longer. Add
  steak sauce, hot sauce, and ketchup. Add salt to taste. Add Southern
  Comfort. Bring to a boil.  Lower heat and cook for 2 to 3 hours.
  Makes about 3/4 gallon.  This will keep in the refrigerator for
  weeks. Slice 1 lb. andouille or smoked sausage 1/4 inch thick and
  combine with 1 cup sauce. Heat well on stove or in a chafing dish.
  Serve with small pieces of French bread or use teethpicks to spear
  andouille. You will need plenty of napkins, also, too. "Other smoked
  sausages may be used, but we like andouille." From Justin Wilsons
  "Outdoor Cooking With Inside Help ."
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE SAUSAGE MAKING
 Categories: Sausages
      Yield: 6 Lbs
 
  1 1/2    Yd large sausage casing
           Approx (2-3 in wide)
      4 lb Lean fresh pork
      2 lb Pork fat
  3 1/3 tb Finely minced garlic
      2 tb Salt
    1/2 ts Fresh grnd black pepper
    1/8 ts Cayenne
    1/8 ts Chili powder
    1/8 ts Mace
    1/8 ts Allspice
    1/2 ts Dried thyme
      1 tb Paprika
    1/4 ts Ground bay leaf
    1/4 ts Sage
      5 ts Liquid hickory smoke
 
  Andouille was a great favorite in nineteenth-century New Orleans. This
  thick Cajun sausage is made with lean pork and pork fat and lots of
  garlic. Sliced about 1/2 inch thick and greilled, it makes a
  delightful appetizer. It is also used in a superb oyster and
  andouille gumbo poplular in Laplace, a Cajun town about 30 miles from
  New Orleans that calls itself the Andouille Capital of the World.
  
  Soak the casing about an hour in cold water to soften it and to
  loosen the salt in which it is packed.  Cut into 3 yard lengths, then
  place the narrow end of the sausage stuffer in one end of the casing.
  Place the wide end of the stuffer up against the sink faucet and run
  cold water through the inside of the casing to remove any salt. (Roll
  up the casing you do not intend to use; put about 2 inches of coarse
  salt in a large jar, place the rolled up casing on it, then fill the
  rest of the jar with salt. Close tightly and refrigerate for later
  use.)
  
  Cut the meat and fat into chunks about 1/2 inch across and pass once
  through the coarse blade of the meat grinder. Combine the pork with
  the remaining ingredients in a large bowl and mix well with a wooden
  spoon. Cut the casings into 26 inch lengths and stuff as follows: Tie
  a knot in each piece of casing about 2 inches from one end. Fit the
  open end over the tip of the sausage stuffer and slide it to about 1
  inch from the wide end. Push the rest of the casing onto the stuffer
  until the top touches the knot. (The casing will look like accordian
  folds on the stuffer.) Fit the stuffer onto the meat grinder as
  directed on the instructions that come with the machine, or hold the
  wide end of the stuffer against or over the opeoning by  hand. Fill
  the hopper with stuffing. Turn the machine on if it is electric  and
  feed the stuffing gradually into the hopper; for a manual machine,
  push the stuffing through with a wooden pestle. The sausage casing
  will fill and inflate gradually.  Stop filling about 1 1/4 inches
  from the funnel end and slip the casing off the funnel, smoothing out
  any bumps carefully with your fingers and being careful not to push
  the stuffing out of the casing.  Tie off the open end of the sausage
  tightly with a piece of string or make a knot in the casing itself.
  Repeat until all the stuffing is used up.
  
  To cook, slice the andouille 1/2 inch thick and grill in a hot
  skillet with no water for about 12 minutes on each side, until brown
  and crisp at the edges.
  
  (about 6 pounds of 20 inch sausage, 3 to 3 1/2 inches thick)
  
  Paul A. Meadows - Concepts In Drug Education Ottawa, Ont K1S 5J6 FAX
  613-565-3759
  
  ~~~ Rec.food.recipes is moderated; only recipes and recipe requests
  are accepted for posting. Please read the "Posting Guidelines"
  article first. Submissions go to recipes@rt66.com; questions/comments
  go to tfdpress@acpub.duke.edu. Please allow several days for your
  submission to appear. Xref: news.demon.co.uk rec.food.recipes:7473
  Path: news.demon.co.uk!peernews.demon.co.uk!news.sprintlink.n
  t!news.clark.n t!ra
  hul.net!a2i!mack.rt66.com!mack.rt66.com!not-for-mail From:
  af656@freenet.carleton.ca (Paul A. Meadows) Newsgroups:
  rec.food.recipes Subject: Andouille Sausage Followup-To:
  rec.food.cooking Date: 16 Apr 1995 21:34:04 -0600 Organization:
  Engineering International Inc., Public Internet Access Lines: 47
  Sender: phill@mack.rt66.com Approved: phill@rt66.com Message-ID:
  <199504100404.AAA27777@freenet2.carleton.ca> Reply-To:
  af656@freenet.carleton.ca (Paul A. Meadows) NNTP-Posting-Host:
  mack.rt66.com
  
  MM: Andouille(2) Sausage Making
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE SAUSAGE~ HOMEMADE
 Categories: Pork/ham
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2    Yards large sausage casing,
           -approximately  (about 2-3
           -inches wide)
      4 lb Lean fresh pork
      2 lb Pork fat
  3 1/3 tb Finely minced garlic
      2 tb Salt
    1/2 ts Freshly ground black pepper
    1/8 ts Cayenne
    1/8 ts Chili powder
    1/8 ts Mace
    1/8 ts Allspice
    1/2 ts Dried thyme
      1 tb Paprika
    1/4 ts Ground bay leaf
    1/4 ts Sage
      5 ts Colgin's liquid hickory
           -smoke
 
  Andouille was a great favorite in nineteenth-century New Orleans. This
  thick Cajun sausage is made with lean pork and pork fat and lots of
  garlic. Sliced about 1/2 inch thick and greilled, it makes a
  delightful appetizer. It is also used in a superb oyster and
  andouille gumbo poplular in Laplace, a Cajun town about 30 miles from
  New Orleans that calls itself the Andouille Capital of the World.
  
  (about 6 pounds of 20 inch sausage, 3 to 3 1/2 inches thick)
  
  Soak the casing about an hour in cold water to soften it and to
  loosen the salt in which it is packed.  Cut into 3 yard lengths, then
  place the narrow end of the sausage stuffer in one end of the casing.
  Place the wide end of the stuffer up against the sink faucet and run
  cold water through the inside of the casing to remove any salt.
  
  (Roll up the casing you do not intend to use; put about 2 inches of
  coarse salt in a large jar, place the rolled up casing on it, then
  fill the rest of the jar with salt. Close tightly and refrigerate for
  later use.)
  
  Cut the meat and fat into chunks about 1/2 inch across and pass once
  through the coarse blade of the meat grinder. Combine the pork with
  the remaining ingredients in a large bowl and mix well with a wooden
  spoon. Cut the casings into 26 inch lengths and stuff as follows: Tie
  a knot in each piece of casing about 2 inches from one end. Fit the
  open end over the tip of the sausage stuffer and slide it to about 1
  inch from the wide end. Push the rest of the casing onto the stuffer
  until the top touches the knot.
  
  (The casing will look like accordian folds on the stuffer.)
  
  Fit the stuffer onto the meat grinder as directed on the instructions
  that come with the machine, or hold the wide end of the stuffer
  against or over the opeoning by hand. Fill the hopper with stuffing.
  Turn the machine on if it is electric  and feed the stuffing
  gradually into the hopper; for a manual machine, push the stuffing
  through with a wooden pestle. The sausage casing will fill and
  inflate gradually. Stop filling about 1 1/4 inches from the funnel
  end and slip the casing off the funnel, smoothing out any bumps
  carefully with your fingers and being careful not to push the
  stuffing out of the casing. Tie off the open end of the sausage
  tightly with a piece of string or make a knot in the casing itself.
  Repeat until all the stuffing is used up.
  
  To cook, slice the andouille 1/2 inch thick and grill in a hot
  skillet with no water for about 12 minutes on each side, until brown
  and crisp at the edges.
  
  From: Sharon Stevens                  Date: 25 Apr 94 From: Dale Shipp
  Date: 06-27-96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE SMOKED SAUSAGE IN RED GRAVY
 Categories: Meats, Ethnic
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 tb Unsalted butter
    1/2 c  Chopped green peppers
  1 1/2 lb Andouille smoked sausage
           (2-inch pieces)
      1 ts Minced garlic
      8 ts Tomato sauce
      3 c  Onions
    1/4 c  Chopped parsley
  6 1/2 c  Pork or beef stock
      1 c  Chopped green onion tops
  1 1/2 ts Cayenne pepper
      3 ts Cooked rice
    3/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Chopped celery
 
  Melt butter in Dutch oven. Add sausage, cover, and cook without
  stirring about 7 minutes. Turn over and sprinkle 2 c. of onions on
  top. Cover and cook another 7 minutes. Should be dark brown sediment
  on pan bottom. Add 3/4 c. of stock and scrape bottom. Add pepper and
  salt, stirring, scraping, and turning. Cover and cook 2 minutes,
  scraping once. Add celery, green peppers and garlic. Cover and cook 3
  minutes, scraping once. Add tomato sauce and cook uncovered 5
  minutes, scrapping occasionally. Add 1/2 c. onions. Cook 8 minutes
  until large puddles of oil have broken out and tomato mixture is
  thick. Stir only if sticking. Add parsley and 1/2 c. of the green
  onions. Add 3-1/4 c. more stock and scrape. Cook 20 minutes until
  liquid is thick dark red gravy. Stir occasionally. Stir in remaining
  stock and onions. Bring to boil, reduce heat, and simmer, stirring
  frequently, about 14 minutes, until gravy is noticeably thicker but
  still juicy. Remove from heat and serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE(2) SAUSAGE MAKING
 Categories: Sausages, Meats
      Yield: 5 Lbs
 
      4 lb Pork
      1 lb Tripe or chitterlings
      2    Garlic cloves
      3    Bay leaves
      2 lg Onions
      1 tb Salt (not iodized)
      1 tb Pepper
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
      1 ts Chili pepper
    1/2 ts Ground mace
    1/2 ts Ground cloves
    1/2 ts Ground allspice
      1 tb Minced thyme
      1 tb Minced marjoram
      1 tb Minced parsley
 
  Pork should be approx 2 lbs fat and 2 lbs lean [usually Boston butt]
  The tripe is the inner lining of pork stomach and chitterlings
  (largest intestine) may be used instead. You can use an extra pound
  of pork instead of the tripe/chitterlings.
  
  Chop, do not grind the meat.  Mix with seasonings. Stuff into
  casings. Age at least overnight and then smoke several hours using
  hickory, hackberry or ash. (Do not use pine.) Throw anything sweet,
  such as cane sugar or syrup, raw sugar, molassess, sugar cane or
  brown sugar on the wood before lighting. [-=PAM=-]
  
  Paul A. Meadows - Concepts In Drug Education Ottawa, Ont K1S 5J6 FAX
  613-565-3759
  
  ~~~ Rec.food.recipes is moderated; only recipes and recipe requests
  are accepted for posting. Please read the "Posting Guidelines"
  article first. Submissions go to recipes@rt66.com; questions/comments
  go to tfdpress@acpub.duke.edu. Please allow several days for your
  submission to appear. Xref: news.demon.co.uk rec.food.recipes:7469
  Path: news.demon.co.uk!peernews.demon.co.uk!news.sprintlink.n
  t!news.clark.n t!ra
  hul.net!a2i!mack.rt66.com!mack.rt66.com!not-for-mail From:
  af656@freenet.carleton.ca (Paul A. Meadows) Newsgroups:
  rec.food.recipes Subject: COLLECTION: Bratwurst Sausage Followup-To:
  rec.food.cooking Date: 16 Apr 1995 21:37:06 -0600 Organization:
  Freenet Lines: 85 Sender: phill@mack.rt66.com Approved:
  phill@rt66.com Message-ID:
  <199504100414.AAA00198@freenet2.carleton.ca> Reply-To:
  af656@freenet.carleton.ca (Paul A. Meadows) NNTP-Posting-Host:
  mack.rt66.com
  
  MM: Bratwurst(2) (Sausage Making)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE-CHEF FOLSE
 Categories: Basics, Cajun, Sausage
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      5 lb Pork butt
    1/2 lb Pork fat
    1/2 c  Chopped garlic
    1/4 c  Cracked black pepper
      2 tb Cayenne pepper
      1 tb Dry thyme
      4 tb Salt
      6    Feet beef middle casing (see
           -butcher or
           Specialty shop)
 
  Andouille is the Cajun smoked sausage so famous nationally today.
  Made with pork butt, shank and a small amount of pork fat, this
  sausage is seasoned with salt, cracked black pepper and garlic. The
  andouille is then slowly smoked over pecan wood and sugar cane. True
  andouille is stuffed into the beef middle casing which makes the
  sausage approximately one and a half inches in diameter. When smoked,
  it becomes very dark to almost black in color. It is not uncommon for
  the Cajuns to smoke andouille for seven to eight hours at
  approximately 175 degrees. Traditionally, the andouilles from France
  were made from the large intestines and stomach of the pig, seasoned
  heavily and smoked. In parts of Germany, where some say andouille
  originated, the sausage was made with all remaining intestines and
  casings pulled through a larger casing, seasoned and smoked. It was
  served thinly sliced as an hors d'oeuvre. It is interesting to note
  that the finest andouille in France comes from the Brittany and
  Normandy areas. It is believed that over half of the Acadian exiles
  who came to Louisiana in 1755 were originally from these coastal
  regions. Cube pork butt into one and a half inch cubes. Using a meat
  grinder with four one quarter inch holes in the grinding plate, grind
  pork and pork fat. If you do not have a grinding plate this size, I
  suggest hand cutting pork butt into one quarter inch square pieces.
  Place ground pork in large mixing bowl and blend in all remaining
  ingredients. Once well blended, stuff meat into casings in one foot
  links, using the sausage attachement on your meat grinder. Tie both
  ends of the sausage securely using a heavy gauge twine. In your
  homestyle smoker, smoke andouille at 175-200 degrees F for
  approximately four to five hours using pecan or hickory wood. The
  andouille may then be frozen and used for seasoning gumbos, white or
  red beans, pastas or grilling as an hors d'oeuvre. Recipe by: Chef
  John Folse Louisiana's Premier Products 2517 South Philippe Avenue
  Gonzales, LA 70737 (504) 644-6000
  
  Recipe by: : Chef John Folse- Louisiana's Premier Products
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDOUILLE-TASSO DRESSING
 Categories: Dressings, Breakfast
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Andouille - finely chopped
    1/2 c  Tasso - finely chopped
      4 c  Chicken stock
      1    Pan cornbread
           - about 9-inch pan
      4 tb Margarine
      1 c  Onions - finely chopped
    1/2 c  Green onions - finely
           -chopped
    1/2 c  Celery - finely chopped
    1/2 c  Mushrooms - fresh, sliced
    1/4 c  Parsley - finely chopped
    1/4 c  Bell pepper - finely
           -chopped
      2 ts Garlic - finely chopped
      2 ts Salt
      1 ts Black pepper
 
  Start off by baking your cornbread to package directions (be sure you
  choose an unsweetened cornbread mix) and letting it cool to room
  temperature.  Then, to a 2-1/2-quart saucepan, bring the chicken
  stock to a boil, toss in the finely chopped andouille and tasso,
  reduce the heat, and simmer for about 1 hour until the meats are soft
  and tender.
  
  Meanwhile, take a 12-inch skillet and melt the margarine over medium
  heat. Then quickly saute the onions, green onions, celery, mushrooms,
  bell pepper, parsley and garlic until all of them are just wilted ~-
  DO NOT OVERCOOK!
  
  Next, take a mixing bowl and crumble the cornbread. Then stir in the
  sauteed vegetable mixture and all of the meats and blend everything
  thoroughly.
  
  At this point, begin adding the meat stock you made - a little at a
  time -- to moisten the dressing. Remember... you want the stuffing
  "just moist" -- not wet! And you want to taste the stuffing before
  adding any salt and pepper.  There may already be enough in the tasso
  and andouille to suit you.
  
  Use with Stuffed Veal Pocket.
  
  NOTE:  The best way to enhance the flavor of a traditional New
  Orleans veal pocket is to stuff it with a cornbread dressing spiced
  up with andouille and tasso.
  
  From "Frank Davis Cooks Naturally N'Awlins" by Frank Davis. From
  Michelle Bass From: Rich Harper
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDRE BLACK'S CARROT CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 lg Eggs, beaten *
      2 c  Sugar *
      1 c  Plus 2 Tbsp salad oil
      2 c  Plus 1 Tbsp sifted cake
           -flour *
  1 1/8 ts Cinnamon
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Baking soda
  1 1/2 c  Shredded coconut
      2 c  Grated carrots
      1 c  Plus 2 Tbsp crushed,
           -drained pineapple
      1 c  Plus 2 Tbsp crushed
           -walnuts
      1 c  Raisins
           -Frosting:
    1/2 c  Softened margarine or
           -butter
      8 oz Softened cream cheese
      1 lb Confectioners sugar
      1 ts Vanilla extract
 
  Here is a recipe, developed young man here in the Detroit area. With
  this recipe, he won a $10,000 scholarship to Johnson and Wales
  College, which is considered a top-notch cooking school, located in
  Charleston, SC. This young man, Andre Black, spent 2 weeks developing
  this recip, this cake was among the top 19 recipes chosen <out of
  270> as winners. Andre was on the front page of the Detroit News
  yesterday, along with the recipe. The Detroit News food writer, Robin
  Mather says "For a Carrot Cake, this is a hell of a fruit cake. She
  found this cake suited to 3 8" layers.
  
  Preheat oven to 350.  Grease and flour three 8" layer pans. Combine
  eggs, sugar and oil.  Beat on high speed until creamy and thick, 3-5
  minutes. Sift together flour, cinnamon, salt and baking soda. Slowly
  add 1/3 of the dry ingredients to egg mixture; beat well. Repeat with
  remaining dry ingredients, beating well after each addition. Batter
  will be extrememly stiff; it may be necessary to blend with a spatula
  or spoon. One by one, fold in carrots, coconut, pineapple, walnuts
  and raisins.
  
  Divide batter between the 3 prepared cake pans.  Bake at 350 for 40-45
  minutes, arranging cake pans in oven once. The cake is done when the
  tester inserted in center comes out clean. Let cake cool in pans 5
  minutes. Turn out onto rack to cool completely.
  
  When cakes are cool, prepare frosting: combine margarine, cream
  cheese, sugar and vanilla.  Beat until smooth. Frost cake.
  
  * Andre's original recipe, written in professional baking terms,
  calls for 6 oz beaten eggs, 15 1/2 oz of sugar, and 12 oz cake flour
  
  Andre hopes tobbecome an executive chef, and own his own resturant
  someday.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDREA CASSONI'S BUCKEYES
 Categories: Cookies, Christmas
      Yield: 6 Dozen
 
      1 lb Smooth peanut butter
    1/2 c  Butter
  3 1/2 c  Confectioners' sugar
      3 c  Rice krispies
 
  Mix the ingredients together. Make small balls, and coat with 1
  package of chocolate chips and 1/4 bar of paraffin wax melted
  together in a double boiler. Dip each in the mixture, and put on wax
  paper to cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDREA CASSONI'S TING-A-LINGS
 Categories: Cookies, Christmas
      Yield: 4 Dozen
 
      1 pk 6 oz chocolate chips
      1 pk 8 oz butterscotch chips
      1 cn 4 oz chow mein noodles
      1 c  Cashews or peanuts
 
  Melt the bits in a double boiler or in a microwave oven. Add the chow
  mein noodles and nuts. Drop on wax paper by teaspoonfulls and let
  cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDREA'S BAKED ZITI
 Categories: Italian, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Ziti, cooked
      1 lb Hamburger, cooked
      1    15 oz pk ricotta cheese
    1/4 c  Parsley
    1/2 c  Parmesan cheese
      1    Egg
      2 c  Shredded mozzarella cheese
      3 c  Sauce of your choice
 
  Mix ricotta cheese, egg, parsley and parmesan cheese together.
  Careful- ly mix hamburger with this mixture. Add ziti. Mix in 3/4 of
  the sauce of your choice. Spread in a pan. Put the rest of the sauce
  on top. Sprinkle mozarella cheese on top. Bake at 350F for 30-35
  minutes.
  
  Source: Andrea Cassoni, Cyberealm BBS originally posted 9/28/92 Typed
  in MM format by: Linda Fields, Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDREA'S BRUNCH
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
     16 sl Bread of your choice
      8 sl Sharp cheddar cheese
      8 sl Ham, sliced thin
      6    Eggs
      3 c  Milk
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Butter, melted
      1 c  Cornflakes
 
  1. Butter both sides of 16 slices of bread. Place 8 slices in a 8 x
  10 inch pan 2 inches deep. Cover bread with sharp cheese and a slice
  of ham on each piece of bread. Top with the remaining 8 slices of
  bread.
  
  2. Mix together all the rest of the ingredients except melted butter
  and cornflakes. Pour over casserole and refrigerate overnight.
  
  3. Before baking, mix the melted butter and cornflakes. Spread evenly
  over casserole. Bake at 350F for 1 hour.
  
  Source: Andrea Cassoni, Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY originally posted
  9/13/92 Typed for you by: Linda Fields, Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY
  315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDREA'S COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Breakfast, Breads
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
    1/4 lb Margarine
      1 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 c  Sour cream
      1 ts Vanilla

MMMMM----------------------FOR THE FILLING---------------------------
    1/4 ts Brown sugar
      1 tb Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Chopped nuts
           ===========================
      3 tb Melted butter
 
  Mix all ingredients for the cake together. Beat 3 minutes. Put 1/2 of
  the batter into a well greased tube pan. Sprinkle with half the
  filling mixture. Pour remaining batter on top. Sprinkle with
  remaining filling topping. Pour 3 T melted butter over the top of the
  cake and bake at 350F for 45 min.
  
  Source: Andrea Cassoni, Cyberealm BBS originally posted 10/92 Typed
  in MM format by Linda Fields, Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDREA'S EXCELLENT TOFFEE
 Categories: Candies, Nuts, Chocolate
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2    Cubes butter (NO margarine!)
  1 1/3 c  Sugar
      1 tb Light Karo
      3 tb Water
      2    Separate cups
           -finely chopped almonds
      8 oz Hershey chocolate bar,
           -broken into chunks.
 
  Butter a cookie sheet. Combine butter, syrup, sugar and water in
  sauce pan. Stir constantly over medium heat until candy thermometer
  reaches 300. Remove from heat. Stir in 1 cup almonds. Quickly spread
  out on buttered cookie sheet with buttered spatula (sometimes using
  hands covered with plastic bags and buttered helps). Place chocolate
  pieces on top, spread around as they melt. When chocolate covers all
  candy, sprinkle with other cup of chopped almonds. Press lightly.
  Refrigerate 1/2 hours.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDREA'S FUDGE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Chocolate, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
     12 oz Semi-sweet chocolate,
           -coarse
           -y chopped
      5 ts Espresso or strong coffee
      2 c  Sugar
           -
      1 c  Butter
      6    Eggs; large, separated,
           -roo
           -temperature
      1 c  All-purpose flour
           -Confectioners sugar for
           -garn
           -sh, optional
 
  Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350 degrees. Lightly
  butter a 9" springform pan. Dust pan with flour and tap out excess.
  In top of double boiler over hot, not simmering water, melt together
  espresso and chocolate, stirring occasionally. Remove pan from heat
  and cool until tepid. In large bowl, using hand-held electric mixer
  set at medium high speed, cream sugar and butter together until light
  and fluffy. One at a time, add egg yolks to mixture, beating well
  after each addition. Beat in flour. In large grease-free bowl, using
  hand-held mixer at medium high speed, beat egg whites until they form
  stiff, shiny peaks. Fold 1/4 of the whites into chocolate mixture to
  lighten. Then fold in remaining whites. Fold in butter and flour
  mixture. Scrape batter into prepared pan and bake 60 to 70 minutes or
  until top is crusty and cracked and the middle is still slightly
  moist. Remove cake to wire rack to cool completely. Remove sides of
  springform pan and transfer cake to serving plate. If desired, place
  doily on top of cake and sprinkle with confectioners sugar. Remove
  doily to form pattern. Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.40
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDREA'S PINEAPPLE WALNUT COOKIES
 Categories: Biscuits
      Yield: 5 Dozen
 
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Granulated sugar
    1/2 c  Shortening
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Crushed pineapple
      2 c  Sifted flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Baking soda
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Lemon extract
    2/3 c  Chopped walnuts
 
  Cream sugars, shortening and egg. Add pineapple and then sift flour,
  salt, soda, baking powder together and add to sugar mixture. Add
  lemon extract and walnuts.
  
  Drop by teaspoonsful onto a greased cookie sheet and flatten with the
  bottom of a glass dipped in sugar. Bake at 350F for 12 min.
  
  Source: Andrea Cassoni, Cyberealm BBS originally posted 10/92 Typed
  for you in MM format by: Linda Fields Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY
  315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDREA'S VENISON JERKY
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 lb Sliced venison 1/8" thick
      2 tb Worcestershire sauce
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 tb Salt
      1 ts Ground red pepper
      2    Cloves garlic, sliced
      1 c  Corn whiskey
      1 c  Water
 
  Slice the meat when it is lightly frozen. The cuts should be long,
  thin and with the grain. Cut across the grain if you want more
  tender, but more brittle jerky.
  
  Trim off all of the fat. Marinate strips in a glass container
  overnight. You may substitute 2 cups of red wine for the corn whiskey
  and water.
  
  Pat dry and arrange pieces side by side on an oven roasting rack,
  with- out overlap. Cook at minimum heat (150F) for 6 hours. Leave
  oven door ajar to allow moisture to escape. Meat should be dark, dry
  and store jerky in a cool, airtight container.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDREA'S WHITE CHOCOLATE MOUSSE
 Categories: Pudding
      Yield: 1 Serving
 
      1 lb White chocolate
      1 c  Whipping cream
      3    Eggs; separated
    1/4 c  Brandy
    1/4 c  Hot water
      1 tb Vanilla
      2 oz Sugar
 
  Melt the chocolate in a double boiler over medium-low heat. It's a
  good idea to stand over the chocolate while it's melting and stir
  until it has melted completely; take it off the heat immediately.
  
  Whip the cream and set aside.
  
  Pour the brandy and hot water slowly into a bowl with the egg yolks,
  whisking briskly as you go until completely mixed. Whisk in the melted
  chocolate. Keep whisking even after the mixture is completely
  combined; this will help cool the chocolate.
  
  Whip the egg whites and the sugar, adding the vanilla as you beat,
  until peaking but not dry. Fold the egg-white meringue into the
  chocolate mixture carefully with a wooden spoon. Fold in the whipped
  cream. This is the most critical part of the recipe. The key to a
  great chocolate mousse is incorporating cooled chocolate into whipped
  cream. The chocolate must be cool to the touch or the cream will
  separate. Lightly blend the two mixtures until uniform.
  
  The mousse is actually at its best texture as soon as mixed.
  
  The Times-Picayune, December 22, 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDROMEDA VEGETARIAN CHILI
 Categories: Vegetarian, Main dish
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
      1 md Onion, chopped
      1    Jalapeno pepper, finely
           Chopped; remove seeds
      2 tb Chili powder
      1 tb Masa Harina (or corn flour)
      2 ts Paprika
      1 ts Cumin powder
      1 ts Oregano
    1/8 ts Cayenne pepper
      6    Dried apricots, chopped
      2    Cloves garlic, minced
      1 tb Brown sugar
      1 ts Yellow salad mustard
     15 oz Hunt's tomato sauce w/bits
  1 1/2 c  Water
      1 c  Heartline Meatless Meat
           (Ground Beef style)
    1/4 c  Heartline Meatless Meat
           (Beef Fillet style)
    1/2 c  Beer
      1 tb Tomato paste
 
   Heat oil in large cast iron skillet. Add onions and jalapeno pepper
  and cook until the onion is transparent. Add chili powder, Masa
  Harina, paprika, cumin powder, oregano and cayenne pepper. Stir until
  seasonings are slightly toasted. Stir in apricots, garlic, brown
  sugar, mustard, tomato sauce, water, Heartline Meatless Meat, beer
  and tomato paste. Cook over medium heat for 15 to 20 minutes,
  stirring often.
   Then cover and simmer over medium-low heat for 30 minutes to help
  combine the flavors.
  
   Makes about 1 qt.
  
   Note:  Heartline Meatless Meats can be found in some health food
  stores or ordered from: Lumen Food Corporation, 409 Scott St., Lake
  Charles, LA 70601.
  
   This chili was the winner in the 4th Annual Lone Star Vegetarian
  Chili Cookoff, held in Dallas in October.
   It was the first place winner and People's Choice Award winner. It
  was entered by Ben and Shirley Johnson of the South Texas Vegetarian
  Society in West Columbia, Texas.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDY BEALS' CHILI
 Categories: Entrees
      Yield: 12 Cups
 
      5 c  Beans, canned (drained)
      6 c  Tomatoes, stewed
      2 lb Beef, cut into bite-sized
           -pieces and browned
           -(don't use ground beef)
      2    Garlic cloves, chopped
      3 md Jalapeno peppers, cut up
      2    Green bell peppers, diced
      2 md Onions, diced (or less)
           Beer, flavorful (1 bottle)
      2 tb Cumin
      2 ts Paprika
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
 
  Saute the meat and onions.  You may do it in the same pan that you are
  going to put the chili in. The meat should be brown on the outside,
  but you don't have to cook it much at this time. Drain the fat from
  the beef.
  
  Put everything in a big pot over low heat (a slow cooker is handy)
  and stir together.  Wait half an hour to an hour and check the flavor
  of the soupy base. Adjust as you see fit. Perhaps add more beer, hot
  peppers, or spices. Repeat as necessary. Wait as long as you can,
  stirring occasionally. You may eat it when the beans and beef are
  soft. Serve with bread, fresh-baked biscuits or cornbread.
  
  This is best if it has cooked at least overnight. Generally it's
  ready for consumption after about three hours. If you can't turn your
  stove down to a very low heat, you're bound to burn the bottom of the
  chili a little, but as long as you don't scrape it off, it will taste
  okay. Slow-cookers are great in this regard!
  
  At the three hour mark, the chili is somewhat soupy. If you want it to
  thicken up, turn up the heat a bit and let it boil off the excess
  water. While doing this, stir every few minutes or you may burn the
  bottom!
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Andy's own recipe for meat/bean chili -- This is the descendant of
  the chili that I've been making since 1974.
  
  *  I change the proportions of ingredients (double the beef, drop the
  beans, add LOTS more cumin) all the time; this recipe is just a
  general guideline. The amount of garlic given in the recipe is very
  conservative. Garbanzo beans (chick peas) are nice, but they take a
  lot longer to cook. Making it with lamb or Italian sausage instead of
  beef is also interesting. Cherry peppers instead of jalapeno peppers
  are very nice also.
  
  *  Do not use wimpy American beer!  I have found that Moosehead adds
  a good flavor, and I bet that Anchor Steam will too.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  15 minutes preparation, 3 hours cooking.
  : Precision:  no need to measure.
  
  : Andrew Scott Beals
  : Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Livermore Ca
  : bandy@lll-crg.arpa, {ihnp4,pyramid,seismo,topaz,ll-xn}!lll-crg!bandy
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDY CASSONI'S BUTTER BALL COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Christmas
      Yield: 36 Cookies
 
    1/2 c  Butter
      2 tb Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Cake flour
      1 c  Ground walnuts
 
  Cream together butter and sugar. Add the remaining ingredients. Roll
  into balls and bake for 30 minutes in a 325F oven. When warm, roll in
  confectioners' sugar and cool. Repeat rolling in sugar.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDY'S CHUNKY VEGGIE PASTA SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Pastas, Beef
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
  :     1/2 lb lean ground beef
  :       1 md yellow onion, chopped
  :      15 oz can peeled tomatoes
  :          or
  :       3 md fresh peeled plus
  :     1/2 c  water
  :     1/2 md bell pepper
  :          (any color), chopped
  :     1/2 c  sliced mushrooms
  :          (canned is fine)
  :       3    stalks celery, sliced
  :       2 cl garlic, minced
  :       1 ts garlic powder
  :       1 ts oregano
  :       1 ts basil
  :       1 ts rosemary
  :     1/2 ts thyme
  :       1    dollop good olive oil
  :          X-tra Hot Sauce to taste
  :          fresh ground black pepper
  :          grated Parmesan
  :          or
  :          Romano cheese
  
  Brown the ground beef with the onions in a medium to large skillet (it
  should have a lid; alternatively, a large covered saucepan may be
  used). Drain the fat. Chop the tomatoes into bite-size pieces (do not
  drain) and add to the beef.  Add the mushrooms, celery, pepper and
  garlic. Add herbs, crushing first, making sure the rosemary needles
  are well broken-up. Add a dollop (just enough for flavor) of olive
  oil, grind some pepper on top to taste.  Finally, add the hot sauce
  to taste, remembering that the sauce simmers down and it will
  concentrate the hot stuff! Cook on medium heat for 5-10 minutes
  uncovered, then reduce heat, cover, and simmer for 15-20 minutes.
  Uncover, and reduce sauce until it is the desired consistency. Serve
  over pasta with grated cheese and crusty bread. Heather Pierce Walt MM
                                        Date: Thu, 12 Sep 96 20:22:10
  +0000
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDY'S MURGH KURMA
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6    Green cardamon pods
      1 kg Chicken meat
    250 ml Plain yogurt
      7    Whole cloves
      5 ml Salt
     10 ml Cinnamon
      5 ml Turmeric
      1    Medium onion
      7    Szechuan peppercorns
     60 ml Vegetable oil
      2    Bay leaves
      3    Garlic cloves (to taste)
      1 ml Ginger root
      5 ml Black pepper
     50 ml Tomato puree
    250 ml Water
 
  Recipe by: Andy House Software Engineering Institute, Pittsburgh, PA,
  U 1. Thoroughly clean the chicken pieces, then marinate with yogurt
  and salt
  
  2.  Meanwhile, prepare the spices. Chop the garlic and ginger, then
  add bla
  
  3.  Near the end of the hour of marinating, melt the shortening in a
  covera
  
  4.  After the onions are ready, add the garlic/ginger/pepper mixture.
  Let s
  
  5.  Let the chicken simmer for approximately 30 minutes or until
  cooked.
  
  6.  Add the cardamons, cloves, cinnamon, turmeric, and bay leaves.
  Leave th
  
  7.  Finally, add the tomato puree and water to the mixture, and cook
  until
  
  Author's Notes:
  
      Serve with rice and chapati.
  
  Difficulty    : moderate. Precision
  : approximate measurement OK.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDY'S MURGH KURMA (CHICKEN CURRY)
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4    Green cardamon pods
           -(up to 8)
      2 lb Chicken
      1 c  Plain yogurt
      6    Cloves, whole
           -(up to 8)
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Turmeric
      1 md Onion
      6    Szechuan peppercorns
           -(up to 8)
      4 tb Vegetable oil
      2    Bay leaves
      5    Garlic cloves
           -(or less, to taste)
    1/4 ts Ginger root
      1 ts Black pepper
    1/4 c  Tomato puree
      1 c  Water
 
  Thoroughly clean the chicken pieces, then marinate with yogurt and
  salt for 1 hour.
  
  Meanwhile, prepare the spices.  Chop the garlic and ginger, then add
  black pepper to this mixture.  Set aside in a small bowl.
  
  Near the end of the hour of marinating, melt the shortening in a
  coverable skillet (woks will do). Chop the onion and brown in the
  skillet for about 10 minutes.
  
  After the onions are ready, add the garlic/ginger/pepper mixture. Let
  simmer for approximately 5 minutes, then add the chicken. Let the
  chicken simmer for approximately 30 minutes or until cooked.
  
  Add the cardamoms, cloves, cinnamon, turmeric and bay leaves. Leave
  them whole.  Simmer for 5 minutes. Finally, add the tomato puree and
  water to the mixture and cook until the mixture has thickened. Serve
  with rice and chapati.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  A simple chicken curry.
  
  : Difficulty:  moderate.
  : Time:  1 hour marinating, 15 minutes preparation, 1 hour cooking.
  : Precision:  approximate measurement OK.
  
  : Andy House
  : Software Engineering Institute, Pittsburgh, PA, USA
  : ahouse@dz.sei.cmu.edu
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANDY'S SKILLET SUPPER
 Categories: Poultry, Main dish, Mexican
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Chicken breasts
      2 tb Canola oil
      1 md Onion; chopped
      2 ts Chili powder
    1/2 ts Cumin
    1/2 ts Oregano leaves; crushed
    1/2 c  Chicken broth
  1 1/2 c  V8 juice
     19 oz Canned kidney beans
 
  Preparation time = 30 minutes Chicken breasts should be skinned and
  boned. Any suitable oil can be substituted for canola oil. Chicken
  broth may be purchased as instant and mixed with water. V8 juice is a
  brandname vegetable juice. 1. Cut the chicken into 1/2-inch pieces.
  2. In hot oil, cook chicken, onion, chili powder, cumin and oregano
  until the chicken turns white. 3. Stir in broth and juice, heat until
  boiling, then reduce heat to low. Simmer 10 minutes. 4. Dump in
  beans, liquid and all, stir, cover and simmer for another 10 minutes.
  Stir occasionally. Serve over rice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGE'S APPLE BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Apples
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 c  Sugar
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Oil
      1 ts Cinnamon
      3    Eggs
      2 ts Vanilla extract
      3 c  All purpose flour
      2 c  Chopped peeled apples
      1 ts Salt
      1 c  Nuts
 
  Grease 2 loaf pans. In a large bowl beat together the sugar, oil and
  eggs. In a separate bowl sift together the flour, slt, baking soda,
  and cinnamon. Add the dry ingredients to the sugar mixture. Add the
  vanilla, apples, and nuts. Pour the batter into the prepared pans.
  Bake in a 325F over for 1 hour. Pat Empson 05/20 08:10 pm FOOD AND
  WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 05/20 8:20 PM  TO:      PAT EMPSON
   (PFXX29A) FROM: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) SUBJECT: MM-MORE APPLES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL  FOOD  SNACK
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Angel
      2 pt Strawberries
      1    (12 oz.) Cool Whip
           Food cake
 
  Cut angel food cake into 2 layers.  Place layer on bottom then put 1/2
  strawberries and 1/2 of Cool Whip. Repeat. Chill before serving.
  
  Recipe By     : Kaz Langridge
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL BISCUITS
 Categories: Breakfast, Breads
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      2 tb Sugar
      1 cn Yeast
    1/2 c  Water, luke warm
      5 c  Flour, sifted
      3 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Shortening, melted
 
  Fat grams    per serving:              Approx. Cook Time: 15min
     Put sugar, yeast and water in bowl and let sit. Put melted
  shortening and milk together making sure that it is not to hot (115
  degrees). Sift together flour, baking powder and salt. Add to yeast
  mixture alternatly milk mixture and dry ingredients. Roll out on a
  floured cutting board and cut with a biscuit cutter. Place on a
  baking sheet and bake for 12 to 15 minutes at 400 degrees. Source:
  Shelton
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL BISCUITS (M_C-TX)
 Categories: Breakfast, Snacks
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 pk Yeast
      2 tb Warm water
      5 c  Flour
      1 ts Soda
      3 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
      4 tb Sugar
      1 c  Shortening
      2 c  Buttermilk
 
  Dissolve yeast in warm water. Sift dry ingredients. Cut in
  shortening, add buttermilk and yeast mixture. Knead on floured board
  about a minute. Roll to 1/4" - 1/2" and cut in rounds. Bake at 400
  for 10 minutes on greased pan. Place close together.  Dough can be
  kept in refrigerator up to a week covered. Best to let rise slightly.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL BISCUITS (NO RISING NECESSARY)
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Cake yeast
      3 ts Baking powder
      2 tb Lukewarm water
      4 tb Sugar
      5 c  Plain flour
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Soda
      1 c  Shortening
      2 c  Buttermilk
 
  Dissolve yeast in water. Into a bowl, sift flour with other dry
  ingredients. Cut in shortening, add buttermilk, then add yeast
  mixture. Stir until all flour is dampened. Knead on floured board a
  minute, roll to desired thickness, and cut with a biscuit cutter.
  Bake at 400 degrees about 12 minutes. Dough may be kept refrigerated
  and used about a week. Mrs. Leslie M. Smith
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL BREAD
 Categories: Abm, Bread, Oven cooked
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
        3 c  white flour
    1 1/4 c  warm water
        1 ts salt
    1 1/2 TB yeast
        1 TB olive oil
        2    green apples -- chopped
      1/2 c  raisins
      1/2 c  dried apricot halves --
  :          chopped
      1/2 ts cinnamon
  
  1. Place water, flour, salt, yeast, and oil into bread machine and
  set on "dough." 2. While dough is mixing and rising chop apple and
  apricots. 3. Take dough and set into 6 equal portions. Roll each
  portion into a ball, then pull into a circle about 6-7" round. 5.
  Place equal amounts of filling in middle of each dough circle and
  fold each into semi-circles. Securly pinch down the rims of each rol
  and place on baking tray. 6. Allow to rise to 20 min in warm, dark
  space. 7. Bake at 200'C for 20 min. Remove and place on wire wrack to
  cool.
  
  Recipe By     : Kascha & Joe Sweeney (sweeney@asiaonline.net)
  
  From: Joe Sweeney <sweeney@asiaonline.Ndate: Sun, 27 Oct 1996 00:18:14
  +0800 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL CLOUD COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      2    Egg whites; stiffly beaten
    2/3 c  Sugar
           Dash salt
      1 c  Almonds; chopped
      1 c  Chocolate chips or carob chi
           -s; chopped
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees for 15 minutes. Turn off when putting in
  cookies. Fold sugar, salt, nuts and chips into egg whites. Drop by the
  teaspoonful onto a well greased cookie sheet. Leave in the oven for 2
  1/2 hours or overnight, but do not open oven door until time to
  remove.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL FOOD CAKE
 Categories: Digest, July, Desserts, Ovo
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------CONTROLLING YOUR FAT TOOTH----------------------
  1 3/4 c  Egg whites (about 12 eggs)
  1 1/2 ts Cream of tartar
    1/4 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Granulated sugar
  1 1/4 c  Sifted cake flour
      2 ts Vanilla extract
    3/4 ts Almond extract
    3/4 ts Fresh lemon juice
 
  Combine egg whites, cream of tartar and salt.  Beat to very soft
  peaks. Turn mixer to lowest speed and gradually add sugar 1 tsp. at a
  time. Then add flour, 1 tsp. at a time. Do no overmix.
  
  Fold in vanilla, almond extract and lemon juice. Transfer ot nonstick
  angel food cake pan.  Bake on bottom rack of 350 deg. oven 45-50
  minutes or until cake is golden and cracks on top feel dry.
  
  Invert pan and let cool.  Remove onto serving platter.
  
  TO MAKE CHOCOLATE ANGEL FOOD CAKE: LEAVE OUT THE LEMON, ADD 1/2 CUPS
  UNSWEETENED COCOA POWDER.
  
  According to the recipe, plain cake is 148 cal. (12 servings), with a
  trace of fat. Chocolate is 158 cal. with 1 gram.
  
  From: Rick Bronstein <ucla@kaiwan.com> Fatfree Digest [Volume 9 Issue
  23] July 14, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL FOOD CAKE ALA MODE WITH BERRIES & GRAND
 Categories: Desserts, Kh
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Blueberries
      1 tb Sugar
      2 tb Grand Marnier
      4    Slices angel food cake
      4    Scoops vanilla ice cream
 
  In a bowl mix berries with sugar and Grand Marnier.
  
  On each plate, set a slice of cake and top it with a scoop of ice
  cream. Spoon berry mixture over and around the cake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL FOOD CAKE I
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  Cake flour
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 c  Egg white
      1 ts Cream of tartar
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Almond extract

MMMMM------------------------BOILED ICING-----------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Cream of tartar
    3/4 c  ;water
    1/4 ts Salt
      3    Egg white
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Almond extract
 
  Sift flour once, measure and sift four more times. Measure sugar and
  sift or roll if coarse.  Add salt to egg whites and beat until foamy;
  add cream of tartar and continue beating until stiff but not dry.
  Fold in the sugar, one tablespoon at a time, then the flour in the
  same manner. Add flavorings.  Bake in an angel cake (tube) pan in a
  275 F. oven for 30 minutes, then increase the heat to 300 F. after
  the cake has risen to its full height, and bake 15 minutes longer or
  until the cake shrinks slightly and is well browned. Remove from oven
  and invert pan until cake is cold. Remove from pan and ice if
  desired. The cake in the illustration is iced with Boiled Icing
  tinted yellow, and settled in a nest of coconut tinted green.  The
  breen leaves are mode with green icing. The flowers are cut from
  marshmallows, and tinted with violet coloring.
  
  Boiled icing:  Mix sugar, cream of tartar and water and cook over low
  heat until syrup spins a thread (240 F). Meanwhile, add salt to egg
  whites and beat with a flat beater until stiff. Pour syrup in a thin
  stream over the egg whites; add flavorings.  Beat until the right
  consistency to spread.
  
                                            How to Make Cakes, 1936
                                            from *Cakes Men Like*
                                            by Benjamin Darling
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL FOOD CAKE:::GWHP32A
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------BARB DAY-------------------------------
      1 c  Cake Flour;sifted
  1 1/4 c  Sugar; granulated/sifted
      1 c  Egg whites
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Cream of tartar
    3/4 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Almond extract
 
  Sift flour once, measure, add 1/4 cup sugar, and sift together four
  times. Beat egg whites and salt with rotary egg beater or flat wire
  whisk. When foamy, add cream of tartar and continue beating until
  eggs are stiff enough to hold up in peaks, but not dry. Add remaining
  I cup sugar, 2 tablespoons at a time, beating with rotary egg beater
  or whisk after each addition until sugar is just blended. Fold in
  flavoring. Then sift about 1/4 cup flour over mixture and fold in
  lightly; repeat until all is used. Turn into ungreased angel food
  pan. Cut gently through batter with knife to remove air bubbles. Bake
  in slow oven (325 degrees F) 45 to 50 minutes Remove from oven and
  invert pan 1 hour, or until cold. Spread Raspberry Icing thinly on
  top and sides of cake. Angel Food Cake is often served plain or
  sprinkled lightly with confectioners'sugar. For Large Angel Food
  Cake, use above recipe, increasing sugar and egg whites to 1 1/2 cups
  each. Add 1/4 cup of the sugar to flour and 1 1/4 cups to egg whites.
  Bake in slow oven (325 degrees F) 1 hour. Note: Remove eggs from
  refrigerator several hours be- fore using. They beat up lighter and
  more easily when at room temperature, and give increased fineness of
  grain and delicacy of texture to angel food cakes. Kate Smith
  Collection 1940  Published by General Foods Barb From Barb Day's
  Database
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL FOOD CANDY
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Dark corn syrup
      1 tb Vinegar
      1 tb Baking soda
      1 lb Chocolate almond bark,
           ...melted
 
  In a heavy saucepan, combine sugar, corn syrup and vinegar. Cook over
  medium heat, stirring constantly, until sugar dissolves. Cook without
  stirring until the temperature reaches 300 (hard crack stage) on a
  candy thermometer. Do not overcook. Remove from the heat and quickly
  stir in baking soda. Pour into a buttered 13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in.
  baking pan. When cool, break into bitesize pieces. Dip into melted
  chocolate; place on waxed paper until the chocolate is firm. Store
  candy tightly covered. Yield: 1-1/2 pounds
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL FOOD ICE CREAM CAKE
 Categories: Diabetic, Desserts, Cakes, Kids, Fruits
      Yield: 15 Sweet ones
 
      1    Angel food cake (8 inches)
    1/2    Gl Vanilla ice cream,
           -slightly softened
      2 qt Fresh strawberries
           Sugar
           -=OR=-
           Sugar substitute to taste
 
  Cut the cake in half; tear one half into small pieces and set aside.
  Cut the other half into 12-14 thin slices; arrange in the bottom of a
  wax paper lined 13" x 9" x 2" baking pan, overlapping as needed.
  Spread softened ice cream over cake, pressing down to smooth. Gently
  press the small cake pieces into the ice cream. Cover and freeze.
  Just before serving, slice strawberries and sweeten to taste. Cut
  dessert into squares and top with strawberries. Serves 15.
  
  Diabetic Exchanges: One serving (prepared with sugar free ice cream
  and sugar substitute) equals 1 1/2 starch, 1 fat, 1/2 fruit; also, 183
  calories, 131 mg sodium, 15 mg cholesterol, 34 gm carbohydrate, 6 gm
  protein, 4 gm fat.
  
  SOURCE:*Country Magazine, June/July 1994 POSTED BY: Jim Bodle 5/94
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA & STEWED TOMATOES
 Categories: Digest
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Box angel hair pasta
      2 cn Stewed tomatoes
           -juice from one lemon
           -(small)
      1 c  Broccoli, chopped
      3    Cloves garlic, chopped up
           -fine
      2 ts Fresh oregono
      1 ts Basil
      1 ts Thyme
 
  Cook pasta.  Cook broccoli (steam or boil).  Mix pasta, broccoli and
  rest of ingrediants.  Its that easy and tastes great! I'll be having
  it for lunch today. Shared by Johnathan Adams
  
  From Genie F&W Library FFD9403.TXT Recipes from the Fat Free Digest
  From Fatfree Digest April-May 1994, Formatting by Sue Smith (using
  MMCONV)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA & STEWED TOMATOES
 Categories: Pasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Box angel hair pasta
      2 cn Stewed tomatoes
           -juice from one lemon
           -(small)
      1 c  Broccoli, chopped
      3    Cloves garlic, chopped up
           -fine
      2 ts Fresh oregono
      1 ts Basil
      1 ts Thyme
 
  Cook pasta.  Cook broccoli (steam or boil).  Mix pasta, broccoli and
  rest of ingrediants.  Its that easy and tastes great! I'll be having
  it for lunch today. Shared by Johnathan Adams
  
  From Genie F&W Library FFD9403.TXT Recipes from the Fat Free Digest
  From Fatfree Digest April-May 1994, Formatting by Sue Smith (using
  MMCONV)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH LEMON & GARLIC
 Categories: Rosie's
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ts Olive oil
      2    Garlic cloves, peel & mince
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
    1/4 c  Freshly squeezed lemon juice
      1 c  Chopped tomato (1 medium)
      4 oz Spinach angel hair pasta
      4 oz Semolina angel hair pasta
    1/4 c  Chopped fresh basil
      2 tb Freshly grated Parmesan
           Ground black pepper to taste
 
  Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat and maintain at a
  boil. Put the olive oil and garlic in a saute' pan and cook over
  medium heat just until the garlic begins to brown. Remove the saute'
  pan from the heat and pour in the wine. Return it to the heat. Cook
  for another 1 to 2 minutes, until the wine has been reduced by half.
  Stir in the lemon juice and tomato.  Remove the pan from the heat.
  Place the pasta in the boiling water and cook to desired doneness, 30
  seconds to 1 minute. Drain the pasta and put it into a warm serving
  bowl. Add the basil, Parmesan cheese, and black pepper, along with
  the tomato mixture.  Toss and serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH LEMON & GARLIC
 Categories: Try it, Starch, Low-fat
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------IN THE KITCHEN WITH ROSIE; D---------------------
      1 ts Olive oil
      2    Garlic cloves, peel & mince
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      1 c  Tomato, chopped (1 medium)
      4 oz Spinach angel hair pasta
           -dried
      4 oz Semoliina angel hair pasta
           -dried
    1/4 c  Fresh basil, chopped
      2 tb Parmesan cheese, grated
           Black pepper
 
  Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat and maintain at a
  boil.
  
  Put the olive oil and garlic in a saut. pan and cook over medium heat
  just until the garlic begins to brown. Remove the saut. pan from the
  heat and pour in the wine. Return it to the heat. Cook for another 1
  to 2 minutes, until the wine has been reduced by half. Stir in the
  lemon juice and tomato.  Remove the pan from the heat.
  
  Place the pasta in the boiling water and cook to desired doneness, 30
  seconds to 1 minute.  Drain the pasta and put it into a warm serving
  bowl. Add the basil, Parmesan cheese, and black pepper, along with
  the tomato mixture.  Toss and serve immediately.
  
  Fat per serving = 4.1 grams Calories per serving = 291
  
  Delicate angel hair pasta demands a light and elegant sauce, such as
  this simple white wine mixture flecked with bits of fresh tomato and
  basil. It's a terrific first course of luncheon dish. I find the
  spinach and semolina varieties to be somewhat sturdier than plain
  wheat-flour angel hair pasta, but you still need to handle them
  carefully. Cook for only 30 seconds to 1 minute, toss, and serve
  immediately.
  
  I prefer dried pasta to fresh for several reasons, not the least of
  which is that it lacks the fat and cholesterol of the fresh variety,
  which is made with eggs. Better-quality dried pastas can be purchased
  in a seemingly endless range of flavors--usually at a fraction of the
  price of fresh. They hold up to the most robust of sauces and are
  simpler to cook.
  
  If you use fresh pasta, be sure to separate the strands before adding
  them to the pot so tht they don't stick together while cooking. Time
  carefully. Fresh pasta is done in 3 to 5 minutes and can be
  overcooked easily.
  
  Nutritional information per serving:  xx calories, xx gm protein, xx
  mg cholesterol,  xx gm carbohydrate, xx mg sodium, x.x gm fiber, xx
  gm fat ( x gm sat,  x gm mono,  x gm poly), x.x mg iron,  xx mg
  calcium, x% of calories from fat.
  
  Brought to you by MMCONV and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$
  71511,2253, Internet sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com, moderator of GT
  Cookbook and PlanoNet Lowfat & Luscious echoes
  
  From: Debra Antes                     Date: 06-28-94 The Lunatic
  Fringe Bbs (901) F-Cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH LEMON & GARLIC-DALEY
 Categories: Pasta, Garlic, Favorites
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ts Olive oil
      2    Cloves Garlic -- peel &
           Mince
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      1 c  Tomatoes -- 1 medium,
           Chopped
      8 oz Angel hair pasta -- 4 oz
           Spinach pasta
    1/4 c  Fresh basil -- chopped
      2 tb Parmesan cheese -- freshly
           Grated
           Black pepper -- to taste
 
  Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat and maintain at a
  boil.
  
  Put the olive oil and garlic in a saute' pan and cook over medium
  heat just until the garlic begins to brown. Remove the saute' pan
  from the heat and pour in the wine. Return it to the heat. Cook for
  another 1 to 2 minutes, until the wine has been reduced by half. Stir
  in the lemon juice and tomato. Remove the pan from the heat.
  
  Place the pasta in the boiling water and cook to desired doneness, 30
  seconds to 1 minute. Drain the pasta and put it into a warm serving
  bowl. Add the basil, Parmesan cheese, and black pepper, along with
  the tomato mixture. Toss and serve immediately.
  
  Fat per serving= 4.1 grams     Calories per serving= 291 IN THE
  KITCHEN WITH ROSIE  by Rosie Daley
  
  Recipe By     : Daley
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH MUSHROOMS & ARTICHOKES
 Categories: Pasta, Poultry, Veggies, Favorite, Posted-mm
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Fresh angel hair pasta
      1 c  Fresh shitake mushrooms,
           -thinly sliced
      4 cl Garlic, minced
    1/4 c  Extra virgin olive oil
      4    Chicken breasts, skinned,
           -boned, cut into 1-inch pcs.
      1 c  All-purpose flour
     14 oz Can artichoke hearts,
           -drained and quartered
    1/2 c  Sweet vermouth
      1 c  Chicken broth
    1/8 c  Fresh lemon juice
      1 c  Heavy cream
      1 c  Grated Parmesan cheese
      1 ts Dried tarragon
 
  Cook pasta, drain well. Set aside, and keep warm.
  
  Cook mushrooms and garlic in oil in a large skillet over medium-high
  heat, stirring constantly, until tender. Remove mushrooms and garlic,
  reserving oil in skillet; set vegetables aside, and keep warm.
  
  Dredge chicken in flour; brown chicken in oil in skillet over medium
  heat. Remove chicken, reserving drippings in skillet; set chicken
  aside, and keep warm.
  
  Add artichoke hearts to drippings; cook over medium-high heat,
  stirring constantly, until golden. Remove artichoke hearts, reserving
  drippings in skillet; set artichokes aside, and keep warm.
  
  Add vermouth to drippings in skillet; cook over high heat, deglazing
  pan by scraping particles that cling to bottom. Add chicken broth and
  lemon juice, and simmer 1 minute. Add mushrooms, garlic, chicken and
  artichoke hearts. Add heavy cream and Parmesan cheese; bring just to
  a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer 5-7 minutes, stirring constantly.
  Place pasta on a large serving platter, and top with chicken mixture.
  
  Sprinkle with tarragon, and serve immediately.
  
  From the recipe files of suzy@ bestweb
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH PIMIENTO
 Categories: Pasta, Rice
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    ( 4 Oz.) Jar Sliced
           Pimientos Undrained
    1/4 lb Fresh Angel Hair Pasta
      2 tb Grated Parmesan Cheese
      1 tb Chopped Chives
      1 ts Olive Oil
           Dash Of Garlic Powder
 
  Drain Pimiento, Reserving 1 t. Juice; Set Aside.
   Break Pasta Into Thirds; Cook in Boiling Water in A Large Saucepan30
  Sec. OR Until Tender But Still Firm. Drain Well; Place in A Warm
  Serving Bowl With Pimientos, 1 t. Pimiento Juice, Cheese, Chives,
  Olive Oil & Garlic Powder.  Toss Well To Coat Before Serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH ROASTED PEPPER SALSA &
 Categories: Pasta, Poultry
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      1 lb Angel Hair or Capellini
           -- uncooked
      2    Red bell peppers; OR...
      1    -Red bell peeper -AND-
      1    -Yellow bell pepper
      3 tb Finely shredded fresh basil
      1 ts Balsamic vinegar
           -OR fresh lemon juice
      1    Garlic clove; minced
    1/4 ts Salt, or to taste
           Pepper to taste
      1 tb Olive oil or vegetable oil
      8 oz Boneless chicken breasts
           --(without skin),
           -- cut into small cubes
    1/2 c  Chicken broth
 
  Roast and peel the peppers as follows: Place the peppers directly
  over a gas jet of the range (or under a pre-heated broiler), turning
  them often with a pair of tongs, until blackened on all sides.
  Transfer them to a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Let them
  stand until cool. Cut the peppers in half lengthwise and remove the
  stems and seeds. Scrape off the blackened skin of the pepper. Cut the
  peppers into 1/4-inch pieces.
  
  Toss the diced roasted peppers with the basil, balsamic vinegar or
  lemon juice, garlic, salt and pepper in a small bowl. (This salsa may
  be prepared and refrigerated up to one day in advance.)
  
  Prepare pasta according to package directions. While pasta is
  cooking, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add
  the chicken and stir until cooked through, about 4 minutes. Add the
  roasted pepper salsa and stir 30 seconds, scraping up the brown bits
  that stick to the pan. Remove the skillet from the heat.
  
  Drain the pasta, reserving 1/4 cup of the cooking water. Add the
  water and the chicken broth to the skillet with the chicken mixture.
  Return the pasta to the pot. When the chicken is cooked through,
  transfer the contents of the skillet to the pot and heat over high
  heat until the sauce is boiling and reduced enough to lightly coat
  the pasta. Season to taste. Serve hot.
  
  Each serving provides: 436 Calories; 23 g Protein; 72.8 g
  Carbohydrates; 5.1 g Fat; 26.5 mg Cholesterol; 203 mg Sodium.
  Calories from Fat: 11%
  
  Copyright National Pasta Association (http://www.ilovepasta.org)
  (Reprinted with permission)
  
  From: Iris Grayson                    Date: 06-19-96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH ROASTED PEPPER SALSA AN
 Categories: Pasta, Poultry
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      1 lb Angel Hair or Capellini
           -- uncooked
      2    Red bell peppers; OR...
      1    -Red bell peeper -AND-
      1    -Yellow bell pepper
      3 tb Finely shredded fresh basil
      1 ts Balsamic vinegar
           -OR fresh lemon juice
      1    Garlic clove; minced
    1/4 ts Salt, or to taste
           Pepper to taste
      1 tb Olive oil or vegetable oil
      8 oz Boneless chicken breasts
           --(without skin),
           -- cut into small cubes
    1/2 c  Chicken broth
 
  Roast and peel the peppers as follows: Place the peppers directly
  over a gas jet of the range (or under a pre-heated broiler), turning
  them often with a pair of tongs, until blackened on all sides.
  Transfer them to a bowl and cover tightly with plastic wrap. Let them
  stand until cool. Cut the peppers in half lengthwise and remove the
  stems and seeds. Scrape off the blackened skin of the pepper. Cut the
  peppers into 1/4-inch pieces.
  
  Toss the diced roasted peppers with the basil, balsamic vinegar or
  lemon juice, garlic, salt and pepper in a small bowl. (This salsa may
  be prepared and refrigerated up to one day in advance.)
  
  Prepare pasta according to package directions. While pasta is
  cooking, heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add
  the chicken and stir until cooked through, about 4 minutes. Add the
  roasted pepper salsa and stir 30 seconds, scraping up the brown bits
  that stick to the pan. Remove the skillet from the heat.
  
  Drain the pasta, reserving 1/4 cup of the cooking water. Add the
  water and the chicken broth to the skillet with the chicken mixture.
  Return the pasta to the pot. When the chicken is cooked through,
  transfer the contents of the skillet to the pot and heat over high
  heat until the sauce is boiling and reduced enough to lightly coat
  the pasta. Season to taste. Serve hot.
  
  Each serving provides: 436 Calories; 23 g Protein; 72.8 g
  Carbohydrates; 5.1 g Fat; 26.5 mg Cholesterol; 203 mg Sodium.
  Calories from Fat: 11%
  
  Copyright National Pasta Association (http://www.ilovepasta.org)
  (Reprinted with permission)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH SEA SCALLOPS
 Categories: Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Soft breadcrumbs
      8 oz Angel hair pasta --
           Uncooked
      1 tb Olive oil -- for vegetables
      1 ts Olive oil -- for scallops
    1/2 c  Chopped fresh parsley --
           Divided
      1    Clove garlic -- minced
      1 ts Dried whole basil
    1/2 ts Dried whole oregano
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 tb All-purpose flour
    1/4 ts Pepper
      8 oz Clam juice -- (1 bottle)
      1 lb Fresh sea scallops
           Cut into 1/2-inch pieces
 
  Place breadcrumbs on a baking sheet. Bake at 375 deg for 5 minutes or
  until golden brown; set aside.
  
  Cook pasta according to package directions, omitting salt and fat.
  Drain and rinse under cold running water; drain well. Place in a
  large bowl; set aside.
  
  Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a nonstick skillet over medium heat. Add 1/4
  cup parsley and next 4 ingredients; saute 1 minute. Add flour and
  pepper; cook 1 minute, stirring constantly with a whisk. Gradually
  add clam juice, stirring constantly. Cook 1 minute or until
  thickened, stirring constantly. Pour over pasta; toss well. Set
  aside, and keep warm.
  
  Heat remaining 1 teaspoon oil in skillet over medium heat; add
  scallops, and saute 4 minutes or until scallops are done. Add to
  pasta mixture; toss gently. Yield: 4 servings (serving size: 1-1/4
  cups).
  
  Recipe By     : Cooking Light, Jan/Feb 1994, page 69
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH SHRIMP
 Categories: Pasta, Main dish, Fish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 tb Butter
  1 1/2 tb Flour
  1 1/2 c  Milk
    1/2 c  35 per cent cream
  1 1/2 tb Pesto sauce
  1 1/2 tb Chopped parsley
      1 tb Minced garlic
      2 tb Grated paresan cheese
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts White pepper
      1 x  Worcestershire and tabasco
    2/3 lb Capellini
    1/2 ea Red pepper, cut in strips
    1/4 lb Snow peas, trimmed
      1 lb Jumbo shrimp
 
  In a saucepan over medium heat, melt butter, stir in flour and cook
  for a few minutes until golden.  Add milk and cream, bring to a
  gentle simmer and continue to stir until thickened. Add pesto,
  parsley, garlic, parmesan, salt, pepper, worcestershire and tabasco,
  and stir until blended. Reduce heat and keep warm, stirring
  occasionally. Cook pasta quickly in a large pot of boiling water (3
  to 4 minutes, or until al dente). At the same time, poach the pepper,
  snowpeas and shrimp in another pot of boiling water ( 2 or 3 minutes,
  or until just heated through). Drain the pasta, mix it with the sauce
  and portion it into heated individual serving bowls. Garnish each
  portion with shrimp and vegetables, and serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH STIR-FRIED BROCCOLI
 Categories: Main dishes, Pasta, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lb Angel hair pasta
           Water
      3 tb Olive oil
      3    Cloves garlic -- finely
           Chopped
      1    Head broccoli, separated
           Into flowerets
      2    Red bell pepper -- diced
      2 c  Heavy cream
      1 c  Parmesan cheese -- grated
    1/8 ts Nutmeg
           Salt and pepper -- to taste
           Parmesan cheese -- for
           Serving
 
  Cook the pasta in boiling, salted water for 4 to 6 minutes, or until
  just tender.   Drain the pasta and toss it with 1 tablespoon of the
  oil to keep it from sticking together, then keep it warm. Heat the
  remaining 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a skillet. Add the garlic and
  saute it lightly; do not brown. Add the broccoli flowerets and
  peppers, and saute over medium heatuntil tender, about 5 to 7
  minutes.  Remove the vegetables from the skillet. Add the cream to
  the pan and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer until it
  starts to thicken, about 5 minutes. Add the Parmesan cheese and
  nutmeg, and cook an additional 2 minutes to thicken it a bit more.
  Add vegetables and the cooked pasta. Toss them together well. Season
  with salt and pepper if needed.  Serve immediately, with additional
  Parmesan on the side.
  
  Recipe By     : The Red Lion Inn Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH TOMATO-SCALLOP SAUCE
 Categories: Pasta, Fish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pk Louis Kemp Scallops
      2 tb Olive oil
      1 md Onion, chopped
      1 sm Bell pepper, chopped
      1 cl Garlic, minced
      2 cn 16 oz. diced tomatoes
      1 ts Oregano
           Salt and pepper to taste
      1 lb Angel hair pasta cooked
 
  In a skillet, combine oil, onion, bell pepper and garlic. Saute on
  stove top over medium heat until vegetalbes are tender (do not
  brown). Add tomatoes, oregano, salt and pepper, and bring to a boil
  for 1 minute. Reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes.  Add scallops
  and simmer another 3 minutes.  Serve warm sauce over pasta. Top with
  grated Parmesan cheese (if desired).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITH WHIPPED CREAM & PORCI
 Categories: Pasta, Dairy, Mushrooms
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 oz Dried porcini mushrooms *
      3 tb Olive oil
    1/2 c  Chopped shallots
    3/4 lb Fresh mushrooms, chopped
    1/2 pt (1 cup) whipping cream
    3/4 c  Angel hair pasta
    1/4 c  Parmesan cheese
        pn Salt and pepper to taste
 
  Place the porcini in a small bowl and and 1/2 cup warm water. Allow
  to soak 45 minutes.  Drain, reserving the liquid. Heat a large frying
  pan. Add the oil and shallots, and saute a minute. Add the fresh
  mushrooms and saute until tender.  Chop the porcini coarsely and add
  to the frying pan, along with the reserved liquid. Simmer until most
  of the liquid is evaporated.
  
  Bring a large pot of water to a boil along with a pinch of salt. In a
  separate bowl, whip the cream until it holds soft peaks. Refrigerate
  the whipped cream until the pasta is cooked. Cook the pasta in the
  boiling water until al dente.  Drain well, return the drained pasta
  to the pot and add the mushroom mixture, cheese, whipped cream and
  salt and pepper to taste.
  
  Using a large spatula, fold all of the ingredients together. Do this
  quickly, yet carefully, so that the whipped cream doesn't collapse
  entirely.  You may want to save a bit of the whipped cream to dollop
  on top of the pasta as a garnish.
  
  Serve immediately.
  
  * Or other dried mushrooms
  
  Source:  Frugal Gourmet Celebrates Christmas Typed by Dale/Gail Shipp
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA WITHFRESH TOMATO & BASIL SAU
 Categories: Main dish, Pasta, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      7 md Tomatoes, skinned & coarsely
           -- chopped
      8 oz Angel hair pasta
      3 tb Olive oil
    1/3 c  Basil, chopped
    1/4 c  Parsley, chopped
      2 ea Scallions, minced
    1/3 c  Green olives, sliced
           Salt & pepper
 
  Cook & drain the pasta.  In a serving bowl, combine the pasta with the
  tomatoes & remaining ingredients. Toss & serve immediately. NOTE: In
  place of green olives, use black olives, same amount.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PASTA/ STRAWBERRY/ BROWN SUGAR SAU
 Categories: Pasta, Desserts, Noodles
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        1 c  strawberries, thinly sliced
      1/3 c  dark brown sugar, divided
      3/4 c  heavy cream
        4 oz angel hair pasta
        2 tb chopped, toasted hazelnuts
  
  In small bowl, toss strawberries and 1 tablespoon brown sugar. Cover
  set aside. In medium saucepan, combine cream and remaining brown
  sugar. Bring to boil stirring constantly. Reduce heat and simmer
  several minutes or until sugar is dissolved and cream is light brown
  in color and smooth in consistency. Remove from heat. Cook pasta el
  dente. Drain very well. Return saucepan to heat, add pasta and toss
  until thruoughly coated and heated. Place pasta in serving bowl or in
  individual dishes. Spoon strawberries and juices over pasta. Sprinkle
  chopped nuts. Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR PESTO PRIMAVERA
 Categories: Pasta, Vegetarian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      8 tb Olive oil
      1 bn Fresh basil
    1/4 c  Pine nuts
      4    Garlic cloves
           Salt (to taste)
           White pepper (to taste)
      3 tb Butter
      2    Shallots; chopped
      1 tb Fresh basil, chopped
  1 1/2 c  Broccoli (tiny florets)
  1 1/2 c  Carrots, julienned
  1 1/2 c  Zucchini; julienned
  1 1/2 c  Snow peas
      2 c  Heavy cream
     32 oz Angel hair pasta
           - cooked al dente
    1/2 c  Parmesan, freshly grated
 
  In a food processor place the olive oil, the bunch of basil, pine
  nuts, and garlic.  Blend the ingredients together until a paste is
  formed. Add the salt and white pepper, and stir them in. Set the
  pesto aside.
  
  In a large skillet place the butter and heat it on medium high until
  it has melted.  Add the shallots, the 1 tablespoon of basil,
  broccoli, carrots, zucchini, and snow peas.  Saute the vegetables for
  3 to 4 minutes, or until they are cooked al dente.
  
  Add the heavy cream and stir it in.  Bring the ingredients to a boil.
  Add the cooked pasta and stir it in. Add the pesto to the angel hair
  pasta and stir it in well. Season the dish with the salt and the
  white pepper.
  
  On each of 4 individual serving plates place the pasta. Sprinkle the
  Parmesan cheese on top.
  
  Source: La Rive Gauche - Palos Verdes Estates, California "Southern
  California Beach Recipe" by Joan and Carl Stromquist ISBN:
  0-9622807-3-9
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR SOUP WITH CHICKEN & PINE NUTS
 Categories: Soups/stews
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Chicken breast halves
           -skinned and boned
           About 1/2 lb total
      3 oz Fresh angel hair pasta
      2 tb Italian parsley
      2 cn (14 1/2 oz ea) chicken broth
      2 tb Pine nuts
 
  1. Cut the chicken into thin strips,  1/4x1-inch. Cut the pasta into
  1-inch pieces. Mince the parsley and set aside.
  
  2. Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a covered medium saucepan
  over high heat. Add the chicken and reduce the heat to medium-high.
  Cook. stirring occasionally, until the chicken is almost cooked
  through, about 1 min. Add the angel hair pasta and cook until tender
  but still firm, 2 min longer.
  
  3. Meanwhile, place the pine nuts in a small, dry frying pan over
  medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until golden brown, about 3
  min.
  
  4. To serve, spoon the soup into bowls and garnish with the pine nuts
  and minced parsley.
  
  The 5 in 10 Pasta and Noodle Cookbook 5 Ingredients in 10 Minutes or
  Less by Nancie McDermott ISBN 0-688-13475-0 pg 22
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR TOMATO BASIL TOSS
 Categories: Harned 1994, Italian, Main dish, Pasta, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    1/2 c  Olive oil
      2    Garlic cloves; minced
    1/4 c  Sliced green onions
      3 lg Tomatoes; peeled and diced
      2 tb Chopped fresh basil
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Coarse ground black pepper
    1/2 lb Angel hair pasta; uncooked
           Grated Parmesan cheese

MMMMM-------------------------VARIATIONS------------------------------
      6 sl Cooked, crumbled bacon or
      1 c  Chopped cooked ham or
      1 c  Chopped cooked chicken or
      1 c  Chopped cooked turkey
 
  In large skillet, heat oil.  Add garlic and green onions, stir-fry
  for one minute.  Stir in tomatoes, basil, salt and pepper; cook 2
  minutes, stirring frequently.
  
  Prepare pasta according to package directions; drain. Toss tomato
  mixture with hot pasta, adding any cooked meats at this time. Serve
  immediately. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese. Refrigerate leftovers.
  
  Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
  
  Recipe on back of 1 lb. box, Creamette brand angel hair pasta.
  Creamette/Borden, Inc./428 N. First St./Minneapolis, MN 55401.
  Electronic format by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR WITH SHRIMP SESAME SAUCE
 Categories: Pasta, Seafood
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 oz Angel Hair (Capellini)
           - uncooked
      1 lb Asparagus; trimmed
           - cut into 1-inch pieces
      2 ts Vegetable oil
      5    Garlic cloves; chopped
      1 c  Sliced mushrooms
    1/4 c  Low-sodium soy sauce
      2 tb Sesame oil
      1 tb Brown sugar
      3 tb Chutney
      2 tb Toasted sesame seeds
      1 bn Scallions; finely chopped
    1/2 c  Vinegar
      1 lb Frozen medium shrimp
           -- thawed
 
  Prepare pasta according to package directions; two minutes before
  pasta is done, add asparagus pieces. When pasta and asparagus are
  done, drain. Place oil, garlic and mushrooms in a 2-quart saucepan.
  Saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Add soy sauce, sesame oil, brown sugar,
  chutney, toasted sesame seeds, scallions and vinegar. Simmer for 3 to
  5 minutes. Add shrimp to the sauce and cook for another 5 to 8
  minutes. Toss shrimp and sauce with pasta and asparagus and serve.
  
  Serves 4 to 6
  
  Each serving provides: 609 Calories; 35.7 g Protein; 88.7 g
  Carbohydrates; 13.1 g Fat; 138 mg Cholesterol; 167 mg Sodium.
  Calories from Fat: 19%
  
  Copyright National Pasta Association (http://www.ilovepasta.org)
  (Reprinted with permission)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR WITH TOMATOES~ BASIL & GARLIC
 Categories: Pasta, Quick
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Angel Hair or Capellini
           -- uncooked
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      1 tb Minced garlic
      5 c  Tomatoes, diced
    1/2 ts Basil
    3/4 c  Low-sodium chicken broth
      5 tb Parmesan cheese
           Salt
           Freshly ground pepper
 
  Prepare pasta according to package directions; drain. Heat oil in a
  large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and cook for one
  minute. Add tomatoes, basil, salt and pepper. Cook for 3 minutes. Add
  hot pasta to skillet; toss well. Add chicken broth and stir. Toss
  with Parmesan cheese and serve immediately.
  
  Serves 6 to 8
  
  Each serving provides: 369 Calories; 12.8 g Protein; 63.5 g
  Carbohydrates; 7 g Fat; 3.7 mg Cholesterol; 162 mg Sodium. Calories
  from Fat: 17%
  
  Copyright National Pasta Association (http://www.ilovepasta.org)
  (Reprinted with permission)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL HAIR WITH TOMATOES~ BASIL & GARLIC
 Categories: Main dishes, Pasta, Tomatoes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
 
        1 lb Angel Hair or Capellini --
  :          uncooked
        2 TB vegetable oil
        1 TB minced garlic
        5 c  tomatoes -- diced
      1/2 ts basil
      3/4 c  low-sodium chicken broth
        5 TB Parmesan cheese
  :          Salt and freshly ground
  :          pepper to taste
  
  Prepare pasta according to package directions; drain. Heat oil in a
  large skillet over medium-high heat. Add garlic and cook for one
  minute. Add tomatoes, basil, salt and pepper. Cook for 3 minutes. Add
  hot pasta to skillet; toss well.  Add chicken broth and stir. Toss
  with Parmesan cheese and serve immediately. Pasta Home Page, 30
  minute Recipes. Each serving provides:  369 Calories; 12.8 g Protein;
  63.5 g Carbohydrates; 7 g Fat; 3.7 mg Cholesterol; 162 mg Sodium.
  Calories from Fat: 17% MC formatting and posted by
  bobbi744@sojourn.com
  
  Recipe By     : Pasta Home Page
  
  From: Roberta Banghart <bobbi744@sojourdate: Wed, 30 Oct 1996 13:56:02
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL OF DEATH CHEESE SPREAD
 Categories: Cheese/eggs, Spreads, Appetizers
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Gorganzola or Bleu Cheese
      1 lb Ricotta cheese
      2    Cloves chopped garlic
      1 c  Chopped walnuts
      4    Fresh sage leaves
 
  salt to taste cheese cloth
  
  Chop garlic.  Add to 1/4 C of water in a small saucepan. Reduce to 2
  tablespoons.
  
  Beat cheeses together.  Add garlic mixture and salt, if desired.
  
  In a double layer of cheesecloth - put sage leaves in a pattern in the
  center.  Sprinkle nuts on top.  Put cheese mixture on top of nuts.
  Gather cheesecloth and form into a ball. Tie together.
  
  Put the cheeseball in a strainer over a dish and let sit in the fridge
  overnight to drain.
  
  Unwrap and serve!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL PECAN PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Egg whites
      1 c  Sugar
      2 tb Sugar
      2 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Crisp round cracker crumbs
  1 1/2 c  Pecans (chopped)
      1 c  Heavy cream
    1/4 ts Almond flavoring
 
  Beat egg whites until foamy.  Add 1 cup sugar a little at a time,
  beating after each addition.  Add 1 teaspoon vanilla. Continue
  beating until mixture holds soft peaks. Mix cracker cumbs and 1 cup
  pecans. Fold into meringue mixture a little at a time.  Spoon mixture
  into an 8" pie plate tp form a shell.  Pull up mixture into peaks
  around edge of plate with mack of spoon.  Spread evenly.  Bake in a
  moderate oven, 350 F, for 30 minutes. Cool thoroughly on a wire cake
  rack. Mix cream, 2 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla and almond
  flavoring. Whip until thick and shiny. Spoon into cold pie shell.
  Sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup chopped pecans round edge of cream.  Using
  a sharp knife, cut like a pie.
  
  Makes 6 - 8 servings
  
  SOURCE: Mama's Favorite Recipes (Frances Turfitt) Shared by Nancy
  Coleman
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL PIE
 Categories: Pies/pastry
      Yield: 1 Pie
 
      4 ea Egg Whites
    1/4 ts Cream of Tartar
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Sugar
      3 tb Lemon Juice
      1 ea Lemon; grated rind from
      4 ea Egg yolks
 
  MERINGUE: Beat egg whites until foamy. Add Cream of Tartar then beat
  until the whites stand in peaks. Add sugar a little at a time,
  beating well after. Beat for a minute or two after adding all the
  sugar. Butter & flour pyrex pie plate. Spread the meringue in the
  plate. Bake 1 hr & 10-15 minutes in a 275 degree oven, then raise
  temp to 300 degrees and bake for additional
       20    minutes.
  
  FILLING: Beat egg yolks well. Add sugar, juice and rind. Cook in
  double boiler until thickened. Cool.
  
  Whip 3/4 cup of whipping cream and sweeten with 2 T powdered sugar.
  Cover meringue with half of cream then lemon filling and then the
  rest of the cream. Leave in refrigerator overnight.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL ROLLS
 Categories: Breads, Rolls
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      2 pk Yeast;dry active
    1/2 c  Oil
      2 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 c  Buttermilk
      4 c  Flour
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Soda
 
  Sift dry ingredients together into a mixing bowl. Add the softened
  yeast. milk and oil. Beat well. let rise punch down shape into rolls
  let rise till doubled and bake 350 for 15 to 20 minutes from Diane
  Lewis-VGWN37A, from *Prodigy's Food and Wine Bulletin Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL WINGS
 Categories: Sweets, Appetizers
      Yield: 50 Servings
 
      5    Egg yokes
      1    Egg
      3 tb Sugar
      2 ts Vinegar
      1 ts Vanilla
  1 3/4 c  Flour
      1 bn Powdered sugar
 
  Use 1 1/3 c four to start. Add more for desired consistency. Mix
  ingredien
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL'S FACE
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, New (to be, Gin
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 oz Gin
      1 oz Apricot Brandy
      1 oz Calvados
 
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL'S KISS
 Categories: Mixed, Drinks, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 oz Dark creme de cacao
    1/4 oz Creme Yvette
    1/4 oz Brandy
    1/4 oz Sweet cream
 
  Pour ingredients slowly, in order given, into a pony or pousse-cafe
  glass, being careful not to let ingredients mix. This produces a
  multi-colored "striped" effect of the liquors.For best results pour
  each ingredient slowly over a teaspoon held bottom-side up over the
  glass. You can achieve the same effect by inserting a glass stirring
  rod into the glass and then slowly pouring each ingredient down the
  rod.
  
  Recipe By     : Joe Robertson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL'S PASTA
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Pasta/noodl, Sauces/grav
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Strawberries -- thinly
           Sliced
    1/3 c  Dark brown sugar -- divided
    3/4 c  Whipping cream
      4 oz Angel hair pasta
      4 tb Toasted hazelnuts --
           Chopped
 
  In a small bowl, gently toss the sliced berries and 1 tablespoon of
  the sugar. Cover and set aside. In a medium saucepan, mix the cream
  and the rest of the sugar. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly.
  Lower the heat and simmer until the sugar has dissolved, cream has
  turned light brown and mixture is smooth. Remove from the heat.
  
  Cook the pasta per package instructions, omitting the salt. Be sure to
  drain the pasta completely. Over medium heat, add the pasta to the
  sauce mixture and toss until coated. Before serving, spoon the
  berries with their juice over the pasta and sprinkle with the chopped
  nuts. Serve immediately.
  
  Recipe By     : unknown (5/20/96)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGEL'S TIP
 Categories: Mixed, Drinks, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 oz White creme de cacao
    1/4 oz Sweet cream
 
  Pour creme de cacao in a pousse-cafe glass. Carefully float cream on
  top, being careful not to let ingredients mix. (You can float the
  cream by holding a teaspoon bottom-side up over the glass and pouring
  the cream slowly over it.)
  
  Float cherry on top of cream (also known as a King Alphonse when you
  add the cherry).
  
  Recipe By     : Joe Robertson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELA'S MILANESE
 Categories: Garlic, Meats, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Round Steak, sliced thin
      1 ea Egg
    1/4 c  Water
      1 c  Plain bread crumbs
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      6 ea Cloves fresh garlic
           Pinch of salt
      2 ea Dried hot chile peppers
    1/2    Peel lemon, cut into strips
      2    Sprigs fresh Rosemary
      2 cn 8 oz. ea tomato sauce
 
  Dip steak in egg which has been beatn with water. Dredge meat in
  crumbs. Pour olive oil into large skillet to 1/8 inch and heat until
  very hot. Brown steak quickly in oil turning once, until golden,
  adding more oil if needed.  Remove from skillet and drain on paper
  towel. Wipe out skillet and pour about 1/16 inch oil. Heat to very
  hot. Chop garlic with salt and add with chile peppers, lemon peel and
  rosemary to hot oil; saute briefly then add tomato sauce and meat.
  Gently cover meat with sauce and simmer over low heat for at least 30
  minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELA'S SQUID SPAGHETTI
 Categories: Fish, Seasonings, Italian, Sauces
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      1 tb Butter or olive oil
      2 lb Italian plum tomatoes
           -- peeled & coarsely chopped
    1/2 lg Onion; coarsely chopped
      1 lb Squid; cleaned
           -- tentacles intact
           -- body in bite-size pieces
    1/4 ts Fresh thyme
      2 ts Fresh oregano; chopped
      1 tb Fresh marjoram; chopped
      2 tb Fresh basil; chopped
           Salt and pepper; to taste
      1 lb Spaghetti or perciatelli
           -- (tubular spaghetti)
 
  Heat butter or oil in large saucepan.  Add tomatoes and onions and
  cook for 20 minutes over medium heat, stirring occasionally until
  tomatoes break apart easily and onion is soft. Add squid, reduce heat
  to low, and cook for 10 minutes more.  Add herbs and cook for 5
  minutes. The squid should be very tender.  Add salt and pepper and
  serve over pasta.
  
  Recipe from Angela Luis Dougherty of Seattle, WA in "Great Spaghetti
  Sauce Cookoff" article in "The Herb Companion." Dec. 1992/Jan. 1993,
  Vol. 5, No. 2.  Pg. 79. Posted by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELHAIR PASTA & GROUPER
 Categories: Pasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Grouper filet (or other firm
           Fish) cut int
     15 ml Olive oil
      2    Cloves minced garlic
      1    Onion sliced thin
      2    Italian frying peppers
           (poblano?) diced
      1    Sweet red or yellow pepper
           (for color opti
           Broccoli florets
      6    Or 7 brussel sprouts sliced
           -fine br or
    1/2 c  Grated cabbage
      1 lg Or 2 sm diced tomatos
           Salt and black pepper to
           Taste
  1 1/2 tb Dried basil (ran out of
           Fresh)
      1 tb Parsley
    1/2 c  Fresh grated parmeasan (sp?)
           Or romano che
           Cappelini (angelhair pasta)
 
  1.  In a skillet, sautee the garlic, onion and frying peppers in the
  olive oil until onion is transluscent (about 2 min). Add the Broccoli
  and let it cook until bright green.
  
  2.  Add the rest of the peppers and the brussel sprouts/cabbage, the
  tomatoes, basil and salt and pepper. Toss very well so the tomatoes
  have a chance to cook. Add the grouper andcover for about 5 min.
  
  3.  The liquid from the fish mixes with the tomatos for a kind of
  sauce. Add the parsley and cover until the fish is cooked all the way
  through.
  
  4.  Take off heat and mix with the cheese. Some people may like more
  than 1/2 cup of cheese so keep it handy.
  
  5.  Serve over Cappelini.
  
  Author's Notes: Here is a kind of throw together recipe I came up
  with:
  
  If you are entertaining you can garnish with fresh parsley and serve
  with a caesar salad, garlic bread and a nice chablis. The vegetables
  can vary. I've used mushrooms, spinach, cauliflower etc. Grouper
  works well with this because it has a lot of flavor. I've used fresh
  tuna and halibut but prefer grouper.
  
  Difficulty    : easy. Precision
  : measure ingredients.
  
  Recipe By     : Doris Woods dfw@needle..bellcore.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELIC RASPBERRY DESSERT
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Graham cracker crumbs
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 c  Butter, melted

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
     32 ea Large marshmallows (approx 6
      1 c  Milk
    1/4 ts Almond extract
      2 c  Whipping cream

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Water
  4 1/2 tb Sugar
      1 ts Lemon juice
      2 tb Cornstarch
      1 pk (10 oz) raspberries, frozen
 
  Combine crumbs, sugar and  butter.  Press against bottom and sides of
  8-inch spring form pan.  Bake at 375 degrees for 8 minutes. Let cool.
  Meanwhile, heat marshmallows, milk and almond extract over medium heat
  until marshmallows have melted; stir frequently. Chill until mixture
  begins to set.  Whip cream, and fold in marshmallow mixture. Pour
  into crumb crust. Chill until firm. Allow raspberries to defrost
  partially. Drain, reserving juice.  Combine juice with water, sugar,
  lemon juice and cornstarch.  Stir while cooking over medium heat
  until mixture becomes clear and thick. Add berries to glaze and spoon
  over pie filling. Serves 8
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELICA (ANGELICA ARCHANGELICA)
 Categories: Seasonings, Candies
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
MMMMM-------------------CANDIED ANGELICA STEMS------------------------
           Broad green angelica stems
           Water
           -- enough to cover the stems
           Sugar; same volume as water
 
  "Angelica has a variety of culinary uses.  Its unique flavor is
  difficult to describe except by listing its components: musky,
  bitter, celerylike, aniselike, slightly sweet, fresh. The hollow
  stems are jellied or candied (see recipe below) and either eaten
  alone or used to decorate desserts. About 1/4 cup fresh angelica
  stems, cut in short pieces, can be added to rhubarb to counteract its
  tartness and reduce the necessary sugar by as much as one-third.  The
  stems and dried roots are sometimes boiled like celery and can be
  cooked with sugar like rhubarb. The slightly bitter leaves may be
  served with fish, and sometimes are candied with the stems.
  
  "Consuming large amounts of angelica can cause photosensitivity in
  some individuals, and pregnant women should avoid using any part of
  the plant. Commercially, the seeds and see oil flavor liqueurs and
  desserts, and scent cosmetics.  The pungent, juniper-flavored roots
  are used with or instead of juniper berries to flavor gin.  Arkansas
  or Quapaw Indians mixed the root of A. atropurpurea with tobacco for
  smoking. The robust angelica stalks are handsome in dried
  arrangements, and the coumarin-containing leaves sometimes serve as a
  potpourri fixative."
  
  CANDIED ANGELICA STEMS ====================== The best stems for
  candying are the new growth in the second year. Cut them into
  manageable pieces, then blanch 1-2 minutes. Peel the blanched stems,
  them cut them into pieces 2 inches long by 1/2 inch wide.  Simmer 20
  minutes in a syrup made of the sugar and water. Drain, reserving the
  syrup, and refrigerate stems and syrup, covered, for four days.
  Reheat the angelica in the syrup and cook for 20 minutes, or until
  candied. The temperature of the syrup should reach 238 F. Drain the
  angelica and dry on racks set over waxed paper. Store in airtight
  containers.
  
  [NOTE: For safety's sake, do not gather angelica in the wild. Wild
  angelica is easily confused with the deadly poisonous lookalike,
  water hemlock (Cicula maculata).]
  
  * Excerpted from: 'An Herb to Know' column by Sharon Hagemann * The
  Herb Companion - August/September 1993 * Typed for you by Karen
  Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELICA LIQUEUR
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      3 tb Dried chopped angelica root
      1 tb Chopped almonds
      1    Allspice berry, cracked
      1    1" piece cinnamon stick,
           -broken
      3    To 6 anise or fennel seeds,
           -crushed
    1/8 ts Powdered coriander seed
      1 tb Chopped fresh marjoram
           -leaves or 1 tsp. dried
  1 1/2 c  Vodka
    1/2 c  Granulated sugar
    1/4 c  Water
      1 dr Each yellow and green food
           -color,(optional)
 
  Combine all herbs, nuts and spices with vodka in a 1 quart or larger
  aging container.  Cap tightly and shake daily for 2 weeks. Strain
  through a fine muslin cloth or coffee filter; discarding solids.
  Clean out aging container. Place liquid back in container.
  
  Place sugar and water in saucepan and stir to combine over medium
  heat.** When sugar is completely dissolved, set aside and let cool.
  When cool combine with food coloring and add to liqueur liquid. Cap
  and allow to age and mellow in a cool, dark place for one month.
  
  **Microwave Directions: This step may be done in the microwave oven
  using a glass bowl. Microwave on HIGH for 1 to 1.5 minutes, stirring
  every 30 seconds.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELICA RATAFIA
 Categories: Misc.
      Yield: 1 Serves
 
      1 tb Cloves, Crushed
      1 tb Cinnamon, Ground
      1 tb Nutmeg
      1 tb Angelica Seeds
      4 sm Can Angelica Stalks, with
           -leaves
      4 lb Sugar
 
  Prep time: 0 mins   Cook time: 0 mins   Difficulty: **
  
  und the angelica stalks and leaves on the bottom of a crock pot; add
  the seeds and spices and store in a cool place for two months.
  Strain. Boil the sugar in enough water to make a syrup; combine with
  spiced angelica; stir well and re - strain; bottle for future use.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELICA TARTLETS
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 oz Home-candied angelica
      1    Shortcrust pastry *
  1 1/2 oz Butter
  1 1/2 tb Honey
    1/2 c  Curd cheese
      1    Egg yolk; mixed with:
      1 ts Milk
      1    Egg white
 
  *Note: Shortcrust pastry made with 7-8 oz flour will be about right
  for this recipe.
  
  These tarts are irresistible when made with home-candied angelica, as
  dull as ditchwater when store-bought is used. Chop the angelica into
  small pieces, cover with warm water to rinse off some of the sugar
  and set aside for a few minutes.  While the angelica soaks, line 18 x
  2 1/2 inch tartlet tins with the shortcrust pastry and start
  preparing the filling. Dice and barely melt the butter in a small
  saucepan. Away from the heat, beat in the honey, then the curd
  cheese, then the egg yolk mixed with the milk. Stir in the well
  drained angelica.  Whisk the egg white to snowy peaks and fold it in.
  Spoon the mixture into the pastry-lined tartlet tins and bake at 400
  F (200 C) gas mark 6 for 30 minutes until puffed up and golden. Serve
  as soon as cooled from cooking.
  
  Source: Philippa Davenport in "Country Living" (British), May 1987.
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELINI GRILL BRUSCHETTA
 Categories: Appetizers, Restaurants, Dkuhnen msn
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2    Ripe plum tomatoes
      3    Leaves fresh basil
      1 ts Chopped fresh parsley
      3 tb Extra-virgin olive oil
           Salt and pepper to taste
      2    Crusty italian rolls
      1 cl Garlic, cut in half
 
  Finely chop the tomatoes and basil.  Mix them in a bowl with parsley
  and olive oil.  Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Cut the rolls
  in half. Toast them under a hot broiler for a few minutes, until
  nicely golden. Remove from oven, and rub the toasted side generously
  with the cut side of the garlic clove.  Top each piece with a portion
  of the tomato mixture and serve immediately. From Angelini Grill,
  Scotia Plaza, 40 King St. W., Toronto Ontario.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELO PERNICONE'S PROSCIUTTO SAUCE
 Categories: Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
      2 tb Olive oil
      3    Cloves garlic, minced
      1    Onion, minced
    1/4 lb Prosciutto *
     70 oz Italian plum tomatoes
      1 c  Loosely packed fresh basil
           -leaves, chopped
    3/4 c  Loosely packed Italian
           -flat-leaf parsley leaves,
           -chopped
      1 c  Dry white wine
    1/4 ts Dried red pepper flakes
           Salt and freshly ground
           -black pepper, to taste
      2 tb Butter
 
  * thinly sliced and cut into strips
  
  Fellow fire fighters beg Mr. Pernicone to make his fullbodied
  prosciutto sauce. Serve it over a pound or so of your favorite
  macaroni.
  
  1. Warm the oil in a nonreactive large pot over medium heat. Add the
  garlic and onion and cook until the onion is translucent, 5 minutes.
  Add the prosciutto and cook for 5 minutes. Add the juice from the
  tomatoes. Using your hands or a fork, break up the whole tomatoes and
  add to the pot. Simmer, uncovered, for 30 minutes.
  
  2. Stir in the basil, parsley, wine and pepper flakes, season with
  salt and pepper to taste, and simmer for 1 hour.
  
  3. Remove the sauce from the heat. Whisk in the butter until melted.
  
  Makes 3 1/2 cups, serves 4.
  
  From the Oregonian's FOODday, 1/26/93.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGELS ON HORSEBACK
 Categories: Seafood, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 pt Large fresh oysters
     12 sl Bacon, cut in half
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Black pepper
    1/8 ts Paprika
      2 tb Fresh parsley, chopped
 
  Drain oysters.  Lay an oyster across 1/2 slice bacon. Sprinkle each
  oyster with seasonings and parsley. Roll entire strip of bacon around
  oyster and fasten with toothpicks. Place oyster on a rack in a
  shallow baking dish. Bake in 450 degree oven for 10 minutes, or until
  bacon is crisp. Remove toothpicks and serve.
  
  From: Rare Collections, by the Junior League of Galveston
  
  Food & Wine RT [*] Category 2, Topic 2 Message 225 Thu Feb 11, 1993
  YLR.ROSE [Cafe Queen]        at 16:36 EST
  
  MM by QBTOMM and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  GT Cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGIE'S EGG ROLLS
 Categories: Vegetables, Chinese
      Yield: 50 Servings
 
 
        1 lb ground pork
        1 lb peeled shrimp 1 pkg frozen french style green beans 3
  medium sized potatoes cut into strips 1/4" wide x 1/8" thick x 1"
  long 2 carrots, grated
        2    stalks celery, chopped fine Salt, black pepper and paprika
  to taste
        2    cloves garlic, minced
        1    medium onion, chopped fine 1 pack Egg roll wrappers (Doll
  Spring roll shells from Chinese store) Fresh shredded cabbage can be
  used instead of green beans and bean sprouts can be added if desired.
  
   In a large skillet or Dutch oven, brown the pork, discard some of the
  grease, leaving 3 tbsp in the pan. Brown the garlic and saute the
  onions. Add the potatoes, green beans, chopped celery and grated
  carrots. Add 3 cups hot water and cook 15 minutes in uncovered
  skillet or Dutch oven, adding seasoning. Add the shrimp 10 minutes
  before finished cooking.
   Put cooked mixture into colander and allow to drain until cool. Roll
  in wrappers and fry in skillet in 1/2" oil 5 to 10 minutes.
  
   Sweet and sour sauce can be bought at Winn-Dixie or you can make
  your own.
  
                        Sweet and Sour Sauce
                    ----------------------------
  
      1/3    cup soy sauce
        1    cup granulated sugar
        3    tbsp cornstarch
        3    cups water
        1    tsp minced garlic (optional)
  
   Place all ingredients except cornstarch in sauce pan. After 3 minutes
  boiling, stir in diluted cornstarch. Stir until smooth and well
  blended.
  
  ~---
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGINARES ME ANITHO - ARTICHOKES WITH DILL
 Categories: Greek, Appetizers, Vegetables, Vegetarian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Karen Mintzias
     12 md Globe artichokes
      1    Lemon (juice only)
           Lemon slices
      3 tb Flour (optional)
    1/2 c  Chopped scallinos,white only
    1/4 c  Olive or other oil
      1    Lemon (juice only)
      3 c  Water
           Salt
           Freshly ground white pepper
      2 tb Finely chopped dill
      3 ts Cornflour
           Cold water
      2    Eggs
           Chopped dill for garnish
 
  Serves: 4 as a light meal, 8 as a first course Cooking time: 45-50
  minutes
  
  Wash artichokes well and cut off stem close to base. Have ready a
  bowl of cold water with the juice of 1 lemon and some lemon slices
  added. If desired stir in 2-3 tablespoons flour as this is quite
  effective in preventing discoloration.
  
  As each artichoke is prepared, rub cut surfaces with a lemon slice
  from the bowl and place in bowl until all are prepared. Cook as soon
  as possible after preparation.
  
  Remove 3 or 4 layers of leaves until the tender inner leaves remain.
  Scoop out choke and pink thorny leaves from centre, using a spoon or
  melon ball scoop.  Cut in half.
  
  In a large pan gently fry spring onion in oil until soft. Add juice
  of 1/2 lemon, water, about 2 teaspoons salt and a good grinding of
  pepper. Bring to the boil.
  
  Drain prepared artichokes and add to pan with dill. Return to a slow
  simmer, cover and simmer gently for 30 minutes or until artichokes are
  tender.  Stain cooking liquid into a pan and boil until reduced to
  half original quantity (about 1-1/2 cups).  Keep artichokes hot in a
  slow oven.
  
  Mix cornflour to a paste with a little cold water and stir into
  simmering liquid.  Stir until thickened and bubbling and leave to
  simmer gently.
  
  Beat eggs in a mixing bowl until light and frothy and gradually add
  remaining lemon juice.  Gradually pour in simmering stock, beating
  constantly.  Return to pan and stir over low heat for a minute or 2
  to cook the egg.
  
  Pile artichokes on a warm platter, pour sauce on top and sprinkle with
  chopped dill.  Serve as a light meal or as a first course.
  
  From: "The Complete Middle East Cookbook" by Tess Mallos. ISBN: 1
  86302 069 1
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGINARES TARAMA
 Categories: Greek, Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 sm Fresh globe artichokes
  1 1/2 oz Tarama; rinsed if necessary
           -=OR=-
      2 oz -Smoked skinned cod's roe
      1 tb Finely grated onion pulp
      2 lg Juicy lemons
      1 c  Fruity olive oil
           Salt
           Freshly ground white pepper
 
  To clean the artichokes, cut off the stems flush with the base,
  remove any tough, unsightly outer leaves and cut off the top
  one-third of the flower bud itself. Force the leaves open a little,
  and rinse under cold water, with a squeeze of lemon or a splash of
  vinegar to prevent discoloring.
  
  Place the artichokes upside-down in a pot large enough to hold them
  all in one layer and pour in boiling water to come one-fourth of the
  way up the sides. Salt and simmer 15-40 minutes, depending on their
  age and size - until the heart is just tender when pricked with a
  fork. Drain and refresh them under cold water; drain again and chill.
  
  Beat the tarama or smoked cod's roe with the grated onion. You can do
  this easily in a food processor. Finely grate the zest of one lemon
  and beat in, with 2 teaspoons boiling water.
  
  Squeeze the juice of both lemons.  Alternately dribble in lemon juice
  and olive oil, beating each addition in before adding the next, as
  though making mayonnaise - it may not need all the oil. If you are
  doing this by hand, it take perseverence and elbow grease to make it
  nice and light. Taste and season with pepper.  Open the artichokes
  and remove the inner, soft leaves and then the hairy choke. Spoon
  tarama into the cup of leaves.
  
                  Source: Recipes from a Greek Island - by Susie Jacobs
                  ISBN: 0-671-74531-X
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGLERS` REMOULADE SAUCE
 Categories: Wildgame, Fish, Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pt Mayonnaise
      1 pt Mustard
      1 oz Anchovy paste
    1/2 oz Lemon juice
      1 oz Onion, grated
      1 oz Wine, sherry
    1/4 oz Tabasco sauce
    1/2 oz Worcestershire sauce
 
  Blend all the ingredients in an electric blender or hand-whip them
  into a smooth mixture. Makes a tart and tsaty sauce for poached fish,
  oysters, shrimp, crab meat, scallops or lobster. Recipe date: 11/29/87
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGLESEY BAKESTONES(WELSH)
 Categories: Cakes, Bread, Welsh
      Yield: 6 Cakes
 
    1/2 lb Flour
      4 oz Castor sugar
      1    Egg
      4 oz Lard
      1 ts Baking powder
           Pinch salt
 
  SLAPAN SIR FON Rub the fat into the flour and add the other dry
  ingredients. Beat the egg lightly and add with enough milk to make a
  soft rolling consistency. Bake spoons- ful of the mixture on a
  greased griddle.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGLESEY CAKE - CACEN SIR FON
 Categories: Cakes, Ethnic
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    250 g  Flour, self raising
    100 g  Butter
     75 g  Dark brown sugar
    150 g  Dried mixed fruit
      1 tb Black treacle
      1    Egg
      1 ts Ground ginger
      1 ts Mixd spice
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Bicarbonate of soda
    200 ml Milk
 
  Cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg
  and stir in the treacle. Sift the flour, ginger, spice and salt
  together and stir into the creamed mixture. Dissolve the bicarbonate
  of soda in the milk and stir into the cake mixture. Add the fruit and
  mix well. Turn into a 20cm (8 inch) round cake tin lined with greased
  greaseproof paper and bake in a moderate oven (170C, 325F, gas mark
  3) for 1 hour or until cooked.
  
  From:Country Cooking - Recipes from Wales by Sian Llewellyn.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGLESEY CAKE(WELSH)
 Categories: Cakes, Welsh
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
      8 oz Self-raising flour
      3 oz Butter
      3 oz Sugar
      1    Egg
      3 oz Mixed fruit
      3 tb Milk
           Pinch salt
 
  TEISEN SIR FON Cream the butter and the sugar. Beat the egg and beat
  into the butter and sugar mixture. Sift the flour and salt together
  and fold into the mixture. Add the fruit and enough milk to give a
  soft 'dropping' consistency. Place in a greased tin in a moderately
  hot oven (375/F. or Mark 5) for 45 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGLESEY EGGS
 Categories: Barry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 pt Milk
  1 1/2 lb Leeks
      8    Free Range Eggs, Size 2
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Heaped, Cornflour
      1 oz Butter
        pn Nutmeg
      2 oz Grated Caerphilly Cheese
           -or cheddar
 
  Trim the leeks and wash them thoroughly. Cut into 1 inch lengths. Put
  the milk ( or milk / cream mixture) into a non-stick saucepan with
  the leeks and bring to the boil. If you like your leeks soft rather
  than slightly crisp, let them boil for a minute or two. Remove the
  leeks (leaving the milk in the pan) and put them into a baking dish.
  Put the eggs cold into boiling water and cook for exactly five
  minutes. Remove, cool and shell. The eggs should be soft in the
  middle but the whites will be firm. Lay the shelled eggs on the
  leeks. Make a white sauce by whisking in the cornflour, salt and
  butter and bring gently to the boil while you whisk. When the sauce
  is smooth, thick and glossy, pour it over the eggs and leeks,
  sprinkle the top with nutmeg and grated cheese and put it under the
  grill until it is hot and bubbling. Don't leave it too long or the
  eggs will be over-cooked. Serve at once with lots of crusty bread and
  butter
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGLO-INDIAN CURRY SAUCE
 Categories: Vegetarian, Sauce
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Mild vegetable oil
      1 c  Coarsely chopped onion
      1    -inch piece fresh ginger,
           -peeled
  1 1/2 lb Red-ripe tomatoes, cored,
           -quartered
    1/4 c  Chopped cilantro
    1/2 ts Cayenne pepper
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/4 ts Garam masala or curry
           -powder
 
  Heat oil in a heavy, medium-sized skillet over medium heat. Add
  onions and stir-fry until onions turn caramel brown, about 12 to 15
  minutes. Remove from heat. Place in a blender with the ginger,
  tomatoes, cilantro, cayenne and salt; puree until smooth. Transfer to
  a medium-size saucepan. Stir in garam masala or curry powder, cover,
  and cook over medium heat until tomatoes loose their raw aroma, 15 to
  18 minutes.
  
  Makes about 2 cups.
  
  PER TABLESPOON: 15 calories, 0 g protein, 1 g carbohydrate, 1 g fat
  (0 g saturated), 0 mg cholesterol, 69 mg sodium, 0 g fiber.
  
  Laxmi Hiremath writing in the San Francisco Chronicle, 6/24/92.
  Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.50
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGOOR KA SHERBET
 Categories: Beverages, Indian, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Glasses,lg
 
    225 g  Grapes, green, seedless
      3 tb Castor sugar; finely ground
           -granulated sugar
    1/2 ts -Pepper, ground
      1 ts Cumin seeds; roasted &
           -ground
    1/2 ts -Salt
      2 ts Lemon juice
      3 c  -Water, chilled, 750 ml
           Mint, fresh; few sprigs
 
  Wash grapes and crush them throughly. Pour in water. Mix well. Strain
  through a sieve. Add all the seasonings. Mix well. Chill. Serve,
  garnished with mint leaves.
  
  MAKES: 6 large glasses SOURCE: _Rotis and Naans of India_ by Purobi
  Babbar, published in Bombay posted, not tested by Anne MacLellan
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGU (CORNMEAL MUSH)
 Categories: Cereal, Brazalian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           INGREDIENTS:
      1 tb Oil
      2    Clove garlic, minced (2 tsp)
      1 sm Onion, finely chopped (about
           -1/4 cup)
      2 c  Cold water (to 3 cups)
           Salt & fresh ground black
           -pepper
    1/2 c  Fine (stone ground) cornmeal
 
  Servings: 6 to 8 Notes: Angu (pronounced "aing goo") is a sort of
  polenta, one of the many cooked starch pastes one finds in Brazil.
  For best results, use a fine, stone ground cornmeal.
  
  DIRECTIONS: Heat the oil in a large saucepan. Cook the garlic and
  onion over medium heat for 2 to 3 minutes or until soft but not
  brown. Add 2 cups water and bring to a rapid boil.
  
  Add the cornmeal in a thin stream through your fingers, stirring
  vigorously to prevent lumps. The mixture should be the consistency of
  choux pastry or soft ice cream. If too thick, make a hole in the angu
  with a wooden spoon and stir in a little cold water. Reduce the heat
  to low and gently simmer for 3 to 4 minutes. Correct the seasoning
  and serve at once.
  
  Note: For a prettier presentation, the angu can be spooned into a
  thickly buttered tube pan and unmolded onto a platter. (Picture in
  magazine shows that a fluted tube pan was used, and the center of the
  unmolded angu was filled with flat leaf parsley- or cilantro?
  
  Source: Yankee magazine, April 1991, recipe from Belita de Castro-
  Brazilian cook, cookbook author.
  
  From: Sallie Austin
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGU DE MILHO - CORN ANGU
 Categories: Misc
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  Cold water
      2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Cornmeal
      4 ts Butter
 
  Place half of the water in a medium-size saucepan, add the salt, and
  bring it to a boil over medium heat. Slowly mix the cornmeal into the
  remaining water. Gradually pour that mixture into the boiling water,
  stirring constantly. Add the butter and continue to stir constantly
  until the angu turns into a thick porridge which will hold its shape.
  Pour the angu into a well-buttered 6-cup mold. Let cool, then unmold.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGUS BARN CHOCOLATE CHESS PIE
 Categories: Pies, Restaurants, Chocolate
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------NO CAROLINA'S HISTORIC REST---------------------
  1 1/3    Sticks butter
  1 1/2    Sq. unsweetened chocolate
  1 1/3 c  Sugar
      3    Small eggs
    1/3 ts Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
      1    9-in. pie crust; unbaked
 
  Melt butter and chocolate over boiling water.  Mix sugar, eggs, salt
  and vanilla; add to chocolate mixture. Pour into pie shell and bake
  at 375 deg. for about 35 minutes. From: "North Carolina's Historic
  Restaurants"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGUS TENDERLOIN WITH SAUTEED MUSHROOMS & T
 Categories: Meats, Chronicle
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lb Angus beef tenderloin roast
           Seasoned salt to taste
           Pepper to taste
           Sauteed mushrooms (follows)
           Texas Caviar (follows)
           SAUTEED MUSHROOMS
      1 tb Butter
      4 c  Mushrooms, whole
    1/2 c  Onion, chopped
      1 ts Garlic salt
    1/4 c  Chicken broth
    1/2 c  Beef broth
      1 c  Chablis wine
           TEXAS CAVIAR
      1 cn (15-oz)black-eyed peas
      1 md Tomato, chopped
      4    Green onions, chopped
      1 ts Garlic, minced
    1/2    Green bell pepper, finely
           Chopped
    1/4 c  Cilantro, chopped
    1/2 c  Mild picante sauce
           Salt to taste
           Pepper to taste
 
  Rub outside of tenderloin with seasoned salt and pepper. Roast in a
  preheated 225-degree oven 45 minutes. Slice beef at an angle into
  1/2inch slices. Serve each portion with 3 ounces sliced beef, 1/2 cup
  each mushrooms and Texas Caviar. SAUTEED MUSHROOMS: Heat butter in
  skillet until melted; add mushrooms and onions and cook until onions
  are tender. Add garlic salt, broths and wine. Simmer 15 minutes.
  TEXAS CAVIAR: Combine peas, tomato, green onions, garlic, bell
  pepper, cilantro, picante sauce, salt and pepper in bowl. Mix well,
  cover and chill 24 hours before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANGUS TENDERLOIN WITH SAUTEED MUSHROOMS & TEX
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lb Angus beef tenderloin roast
           Seasoned salt to taste
           Pepper to taste
           Sauteed mushrooms (follows)
           Texas Caviar (follows)
           SAUTEED MUSHROOMS
      1 tb Butter
      4 c  Mushrooms, whole
    1/2 c  Onion, chopped
      1 ts Garlic salt
    1/4 c  Chicken broth
    1/2 c  Beef broth
      1 c  Chablis wine
           TEXAS CAVIAR
      1 cn (15-oz)black-eyed peas
      1 md Tomato, chopped
      4    Green onions, chopped
      1 ts Garlic, minced
    1/2    Green bell pepper, finely
           Chopped
    1/4 c  Cilantro, chopped
    1/2 c  Mild picante sauce
           Salt to taste
           Pepper to taste
 
  Rub outside of tenderloin with seasoned salt and pepper. Roast in a
  preheated 225-degree oven 45 minutes. Slice beef at an angle into
  1/2inch slices. Serve each portion with 3 ounces sliced beef, 1/2 cup
  each mushrooms and Texas Caviar.
  
  SAUTEED MUSHROOMS: Heat butter in skillet until melted; add mushrooms
  and onions and cook until onions are tender. Add garlic salt, broths
  and wine. Simmer
       15    minutes.
  
  TEXAS CAVIAR: Combine peas, tomato, green onions, garlic, bell pepper,
  cilantro, picante sauce, salt and pepper in bowl. Mix well, cover and
  chill 24 hours before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANIMAL PULL TOYS
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Fast & Fancy Cookie Recipe
 
  Add 1 Tbls. ground ginger & 1 tsp. ground cinnamon. cut out & bake 2
  animals for each toy ( one reversed). "Glue" together with
  confectioners' icing. Decorate with colored icing & candy; mount on 4
  * 2" gingerbread platforms, adding round candies for wheels. Use red
  licorice shoestrings for pulls. Submitted By THESERVS@GATE.NET
  (THOMAS E. HAUG) On THU, 09 NOV 1995 172248 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE & WALNUT BISCOTTI
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 48 Biscotti
 
  1 2/3 c  Bread flour
      2 c  Cake flour
      2 c  Walnut pieces
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
      1 tb Anise seeds
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter
      3    Eggs
  1 1/3 c  White sugar
      2 ts Lemon zest
      2 ts Orange zest
    1/2 ts Anise extract
      8 oz Bittersweet or semisweet
           Chocolate, optional
 
  Blend bread and cake flours, walnuts, baking powder, baking soda and
  anise seeds in bowl. Melt butter and set aside to cool.
  
  Beat 2 eggs, 1 additional egg yolk and sugar until smooth. Reserve the
  remaining egg white. Stir in zests and anise. Add butteer and mix
  until smooth. Add dry ingredients and mix to smooth dough.
  
  Roll dough into 2 14inch logs and place on baking sheet lined with
  parchment paper. Press tops of logs to flatten slightly. Brush with
  reserved egg white.
  
  Bake at 375 degrees F. until logs are light brown, but still give
  slightly when tops are pressed, about 30 minutes. Remove pan from
  oven and reduce temperature to 325 degrees.
  
  While logs are still warm, cut diagonally into 1/2 inch slices. Return
  slices to baking sheet, placing on sides. Return to oven and bake
  until cookies are lightly brown, about 15 minutes. Remove from oven
  and cool on wire racks.
  
  Cut chocolate into 1/2 inch chunks. Place 2/3 in stainless steel bowl,
  spreading in even layer over bottom and up sides of bowl. Cover bowl
  with plastic wrap. Fill medium saucepan 1/3 full of water. Bring
  water to simmer over high heat. Remove pan from heat and set bowl of
  chocolate over top. Let stand until 80% of the chocolate has melted.
  
  Do not let temperature of chocolate drop below 88 degrees on candy
  thermometer. If so, place bowl over saucepan of warm water and
  continue stirring. Stir until chocolate is smooth and glossy.
  
  Have clean sheet of waxed paper nearby. Dip 1/2 of each cookie in
  chocolate. As cookie is removed, scrape top and bottom against side
  of bowl to remove excess chocolate. Set cookies on waxed paper until
  chocolate sets, about 3 hours or put into freezer for about 20
  minutes. Submitted By SANDY GAMBLE <SCG@INDIRECT.COM> On FRI, 17 NOV
  1995 233849 ~0700 (MST)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE - FENNEL
 Categories: Spices
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lg Stalks anise (fennel)
      1    Clove garlic, quartered
      2 tb Olive oil
      3 tb Butter
      1 c  Sliced fresh mushrooms
      1 c  Chopped fresh tomatoes
    1/3 c  Beef stock or bouillon
    1/2 ts Sweet basil
 
  There is a bit of confusion about these two plants. For some
  reason,the fennel plant, which resembles celery with fern like tops,
  has been called sweet anise in produce markets. The true anise is
  cultivated only for its seeds. So what you see labelled "sweet anise"
  in your market is probably fennel, but no matter what you call it,
  this is a highly interesting vegetable.  Every part of this aromatic
  plant has a taste and aroma similar to licorice. The stems are eaten
  like celery,uncook, or cooked and served as a vegetable (heavenly
  with apples in waldorf salad) Available from September to May.
  
  HOW TO CHOOSE AND STORE:  Choose fennel the same way you do celery,
  with crisp stalks and fresh leaves. Wash and store in vegetable
  crisper or plastic bag in refrigerator.
  
  BASIC PREPARATION: Trim the ferny tops and remove tough outer stalks.
  Cut off heavy base.  Slice the stalks in thin lengthwise strips.
  Wash,drain and cook in boiling, salted water or bouillon until just
  tender,15-20 minutes. Drain and add melted butter, salt and pepper
  and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE BISCOTTI
 Categories: Digest, August, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  + 2 Tbps flour
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1 tb Anise seeds, crushed
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
      3    Egg equivalents (comercial
           Replacer, 6 whites, etc)
      2 tb Grated fresh lemon zest (or
      1 tb Dry)
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
 
  Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.  Coat baking sheet with non-stick
  spray or parchment.  In a medium bowl, combine flour, sugar, anise
  seeds, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Whisk together egg
  equivalents, lemon zest, and lemon juice, and add to the dry
  ingredients. Mix well. Working on a floured surface, shape dough into
  two logs, each about 14 inches long and 1-1/2 inches thick.  Set the
  logs on prepared baking sheet, at least 4 inches apart (the dough
  will spread during baking). Bake for 20 to 25 minutes, until firm to
  the touch. Transfer the logs to the rack to cool. Reduce oven
  temperature to 300 degrees F. Cut the logs diagonally into
  1/2-inch-thick slices, using a serrated knife and a gentle sawing
  motion. Stand the slices on their sides on the baking sheet and
  return to the oven. Bake for 40 minutes. Remove from oven and cool
  completely before storing. Biscotti will crisp as they cool.  Store,
  in an air-tight container, up to one month. Makes about 4 dozen
  biscotti.
  
  from _Eating Well_ magazine (modified)
  
  note: I made 43 cookies, about 40 cal, < 1 g fat each, but it depends
  on what you use for the "egg"
  
  From: Christina Hulbe <chulbe@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu>. Fatfree
  Digest [Volume 10 Issue 17] Aug. 27, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE BISCOTTI (LF)
 Categories: 
      Yield: 26 Servings
 
      2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Sugar
  2 1/2 ts Anise seeds
    3/4 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
      3 tb Vegetable oil
      2 ts Vanilla extract
      2    Eggs -- lightly beaten
           Vegetable cooking spray
      1 ts Water
      1    Egg white -- lightly beaten
  1 1/2 tb Turbinado sugar
 
  Combine first 5 ingredients in a large bowl. Combine oil, vanilla, and
  eggs, and add to flour mixture, stirring until well-blended.
  
  Turn dough out onto a baking sheet coated with cooking spray; shape
  dough into a 12-inch-long roll, and flatten to 1/2-inch thickness.
  Combine water and egg white; stir well. Brush over dough.
  
  Bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes. Remove from baking sheet to a wire
  rack, and let cool.
  
  Slice roll diagonally into 26 (1/2-inch) slices. Place slices, cut
  sides down, on a baking sheet. Brush slices with egg white mixture,
  and sprinkle evenly with turbinado sugar.
  
  Bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes or until dry. Let cool on wire
  racks. Yield: 26 cookies (serving size: 1 cookie).
  
  Recipe By     : Cooking Light, May 1995, page 76
  
  From: Conni Marais (X3648) On Fri, Aug
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE COOKIE SLICES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 48 Slices
 
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
      3 oz Cream cheese
  1 1/2 c  C and H Powdered Sugar
      4    Eggs
  3 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      3 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Anise seeds
 
  Cream together butter and cream cheese.  Add sugar and beat until well
  blended.  Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.
  (Mixture might look curdled.) Add remaining ingredients; mix well.
  Chill dough 3 hours.  Divide soft dough in half.  On a 17 by 14 inch
  cookie sheet, form each half of dough into a roll 1-1/2 inches wide
  and the length of the cookie sheet. Bake in 350 degree oven 30 to 35
  minutes. Remove from oven and cut rolls into 3/4 inch slices. Place
  on cookie sheets, cut side down, return to oven and bake 10 minutes
  or until toasted and crisp. Makes about 48 slices.
  
  Reprinted with permission from _From our Private Collection_ From the
  C and H Sugar Kitchen Electronic format by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE COOKIES
 Categories: Penndutch, Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6 ea Egg, separated
      1 c  Powdered sugar
      1 c  Flour, sifted
      3 ts Anise seed
 
  Beat egg yolks until thick and lemon-colored. Beat egg whites until
  stiff and combine the two mixtures. Gradually beat in the powdered
  sugar, mix lightly. Sift the flour and add; then stir in the anise
  seed. Drop from the tip of a teaspoon, about one inch apart, on a
  greased cookie sheet. Put pans into ice box over night. Bake the next
  morning at 300-F for 12 minutes. Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book
  ~ Fine Old Recipes, Culinary Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE COOKIES " ANESPLATZCHEN"
 Categories: Cookies, Ethnic
      Yield: 5 Dozen
 
      3    Eggs, room temperature
      1 c  Plus 2 Tbs. sugar
  1 3/4 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Anise extract
 
  Beat eggs until fluffy in mixer bowl at medium speed. gradually beat
  in sugar. Continue beating 20 minutes more ( a must ). At low speed
  blend in flour, baking powder and salt. Add anise extract and beat
  only to blend. Drop by teaspoonful on greased and floured baking
  sheets about 1/2 inch apart. Swirl each to make a circular form. You
  can bake these two ways. Either let stand on baking sheets for 8
  hours at room temperature ( to dry out ) or bake immediately. Either
  way bake at 325 degrees about 10 minutes or until firm looking or
  set. cool on rack and store airtight. If made the first way to dry
  out these are a coffee dunker cookie or if baked immediately they are
  much softer and delicate.Either way they are delicious. I bake mine
  the second way.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE COOKIES #1
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts, Italian
      Yield: 5 Dozen
 
      3    Eggs, at room temp
      1 c  Plus 2 tb sugar
  1 3/4 c  Unsifted all-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Anise extract
 
  1. Grease and flour three cookie sheets. 2. In large bowl, with
  electric mixer at medium speed, beat eggs until very thick and light.
  3. Gradually beat in sugar.  Continue beating 20 minutes longer. 4.
  At low speed, beat in flour, baking powder, salt; beat 1 minute. Add
  anise extract; beat just until blended. 5. Drop by teaspoonfuls, 1/2
  inch apart, on prepared cookie sheets. Swirl each, to make into a
  circle. 6. Let stand at room temperature, uncovered, 8 hours, or
  overnight. 7. Preheat oven to 325F. Bake cookies about 10 minutes, or
  until smooth and firm when pressed with fingertip.  Cool cookies on
  wire rack. Then store in airtight container. Makes about 5 dozen.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE COOKIES #2
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts, Italian
      Yield: 3 Dozen
 
      2 c  Flour
      2 ts Ground anise seed (or 1 ts
           -anise extract)
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/8 ts Salt
      1 lg Lemon
    2/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Vegetable shortening
 5 3/16 tb Unsalted butter
      1    Egg yolk
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 tb Sugar (for decoration)
      1 ts Ground cinnamon (for decor.)
 
  Thoroughly stir together flour, anise, baking powder, and slat and set
  aside.  Using a small sharp knife peel a thin layer of zest (without
  white membrane) from the entire lemon. Combine lemon zest and sugar
  in a food processor fitted with a steel blade. Process until zest is
  very finely minced.  Add shortening and butter to the processor and
  process for one minute.  Add egg yolk and vanilla and process 20
  seconds longer. Add dry ingredients and continue processing just
  until they are blended. Divide dough in half and place each portion
  between large sheets of waxed paper and roll out to 1/8 inch thick.
  Check the underside of the dough to check for any creases. Slide
  dough onto a large tray or baking sheet and refrigerate for 15
  minutes, or until the dough is chilled and slightly firm. Preheat
  oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly grease several baking sheets. Work one
  half of the dough at at time. Turn the dough over and peel the sheet
  of wax paper off of the dough and replace the paper loosely. Then
  turn the dough right side up.  Peel off and discard the top sheet of
  paper. Using assorted 2 1/4 to 3" cookie cutters cut out cookies.
  Place in the oven and bake for 8-10 minutes or until just brown ant
  the edges. Remove from the oven and let stand for 3 minutes. Transfer
  to wire racks and let stand until cooled completely. Sprinkle cookies
  with the decoration mixture.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE COOKIES #3
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts, Italian
      Yield: 6 Dozen
 
      2    Eggs
    170 g  Sugar
    170 g  Flour
      1 tb (heaped) ground anise seeds
 
  Beat the eggs and the sugar to fluffy cream. Add flour and anise.
  With 2 teaspoons place small heaps on your baking sheet. Let them dry
  overnight. Next morning heat your oven to 180 degrees Celsius(!) Bake
  the cookies for 8-10 minutes. They should keep their pale colour.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE COOKIES (RADOLA)
 Categories: Biscuits
      Yield: 70 Servings
 
      2    Eggs
    170 g  Sugar
    170 g  Flour
      1 tb Ground Anise
 
  Beat the eggs and the sugar to fluffy cream. Add flour and anise.
  
  With 2 teaspoons place small heaps on your baking sheet. Let them dry
  overnight.
  
  Next morning heat your oven to 180 degrees Celsius(!) Bake the
  cookies for 8-10 minutes. They should keep their pale colour.
  
  Smells great !
  
  +-------------------------------------+ | M-D Radola | | Munich,
  Germany | | radola@informatik.tu-muenchen.de
    |
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE MERINGUE KISSES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 48 Servings
 
      3    Egg whites
    1/8 ts Cream of tartar
    1/2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Ground anise seeds
 
  The flavor of anise in these light cookies makes them a great after-
  dinner dessert. Some people prefer the center to be soft and chewy,
  but if you prefer the dry melt-in-your-mouth type of meringue, turn
  off the oven and, with the door closed, let them stand 30 minutes to
  an hour. These cookies are generally baked on parchment paper, but we
  have found that regular bond paper makes a very acceptable
  substitute. (By Times Food Stylists) Beat egg whites until frothy.
  Add cream of tartar and beat to soft peaks. Gradually beat in sugar.
  Continue beating until stiff and glossy. Beat in anise. Using pastry
  bag, pipe onto parchment-lined baking sheets. Bake at 275 degrees F.
  30 minutes. Makes about 4 dozen kisses. NOTE: If drier meringue is
  desired, turn off oven and let kisses stand in oven with door closed
  about 1 hour. Each kiss contains about: 9 calories; 4 mg sodium; 0
  cholesterol; 0 fat; 2 grams carbohydrates; 0 protein; trace fiber.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE MOLASSES BRISKET BRAISED IN A WOK
 Categories: Chinese, Beef, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 sm Eggplant
      2 lb Beef brisket, trimmed of
           -excess fat
      2 tb Peanut oil
      1    Onion, finely chopped
      1 tb Minced fresh ginger
      1 tb Minced garlic
    1/2 ts Crushed red pepper
      6    Star anise
      3 tb Soy sauce
    1/4 c  Dry sherry
      2 c  Beef broth
      3 tb Dark molasses
           Salt and pepper, to taste
      8    Dried black fungus (tree
           -ears)
      1    Tomato, finely chopped
      4    Scallions, sliced
      1 ts Asian sesame oil
 
  Here, beef brisket takes on an Asian flare.  Slices of meat are
  braised in an aromatic stock seasoned with star anise, soy sauce,
  ginger, garlic, red pepper and dark molasses. As a final step, pureed
  eggplant is stirred in, for flavor and thickening.
  
  Pierce the eggplant several times with the tines of a fork. Place in a
  preheated 400F oven and roast for 3 minutes, or until shriveled and
  soft. Set aside. Slice the brisket against the grain into 1/4-inch
  thick slices.
  
  Heat the oil in a large wok or large deep skillet. When it begins to
  smoke, add half of the beef and cook, stirring, until browned. Remove
  and set aside.
  
  Add remaining beef, and cook, stirring until browned. Remove and set
  aside. Add the onion, ginger, garlic, crushed pepper, star anise and
  soy sauce to wok and stir-fry for 10 seconds.
  
  Return beef to wok, along with the sherry, broth and molasses. Stir to
  blend and season with salt and pepper. Cover and simmer over low beat
  for 50 minutes to 1 hour, until the beef is tender.
  
  While beef is cooking, soak fungus in hot water to cover. When
  swelled and softened, drain and rinse well; set aside.
  
  Cut the stem end from the cooked eggplant.  Split in half lengthwise
  and scoop the flesh into a food processor or blender. Puree.
  
  Add eggplant, drained fungus and tomatoes to beef and cook for 5
  minutes longer.  Stir in scallions and drizzle with sesame oil. Serve
  with rice, if desired.
  
  Serves 4.
  
  PER SERVING:  445 calories, 38 g protein, 27 g carbohydrate, 19 g fat
  (5 g saturated), 93 mg cholesterol, 916 mg sodium, 6 g fiber.
  
  From an article Andrew Schloss in the San Francisco Chronicle,
  11/18/92.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; February 23 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE PILLOWS / PFEFFERNEUSSE
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
  1 2/3 c  All-purpose flour
  1 1/2 ts DAVIS Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Grated lemon peel
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/8 ts Ground cloves
    1/8 ts White pepper
    1/3 c  BLUE BONNET Margarine,
           -softened
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/2 c  PLANTERS Walnuts, finely
           -chopped
    1/2 ts Anise seed
           Confectioners' sugar
 
  In small bowl, combine flour, baking powder, lemon peel, salt, spices
  and pepper; set aside. In large bowl, beat together margarine and
  sugar until creamy; beat in egg. Add flour mixture alternately with
  milk, beating well after each addition. Stir in walnuts and anise
  seed. Drop dough by teaspoonfuls, 2" apart, on lightly greased baking
  sheets.
  
  Bake at 350'F. for 15-17 minutes. Cool slightly on wire racks. Roll in
  confectioners' sugar while still warm; cool completely.
  
  Makes 5 dozen cookies.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE TEA
 Categories: Beverages, Christmas
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 ts Dried anise leaves or
           2 tsp. fresh leaves
      1 c  Boiling water
      1 ts Honey
      1    Lemon slice (optional)
 
  Place anise leaves in cup and pour boiling water over them. Let steep
  5 - 8 minutes.  Stir in honey and serve with lemon slice. Source:
  Quick & Easy Cooking.ch
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISE-ALMOND BISCOTTI
 Categories: Cookies and, New imports
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Whole almonds
  2 1/4 c  Flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Butter -- softened
    1/4 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs -- lightly beaten
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 tb Anise seeds
 
  To toast almonds, preheat oven to 350=B0F. Spread almonds in a single
  layer on a baking sheet and toast, turning occasionally, for 10
  minutes. Set aside to cool, then roughly chop. Sift together flour,
  baking powder and salt in a small mixing bowl. Set aside. Cream
  butter and sugar with an electric mixer in a large mixing bowl until
  fluffy; then beat in eggs and vanilla. Gradually add flour mixture,
  mix until combined, then stir in chopped almonds and anise seeds.
  Dough will be stiff. Transfer dough to a lightly floured work
  surface, then, using your hands or a rolling pin, shape into one long
  roll, about 3 inches by 13 inches. Line baking sheet with parchment
  paper or aluminum foil (shiny side up). Transfer dough roll to baking
  sheet, flatten slightly, then bake until golden brown, about 35
  minutes. Remove from oven--do not turn oven off--and set aside until
  cool enough to handle, about 15 minutes. Using a serrated knife, cut
  roll, on the diagonal, into 1/2 inch thick slices. Place slices flat
  on baking sheet and bake, turning once, until golden brown, about 5
  minutes per side. Do not over bake: Biscotti will feel soft in the
  middle but will become crisp and hard as they cool. Allow to cool
  completely on pan. Biscotti will keep in a sealed container for up to
  4 weeks. Makes about 2 dozen
  
  Recipe By     : Saveur magazine
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISEED CHARABELI
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 300 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
      2 ea Eggs
  1 2/3 c  Flour, all-purpose; sifted
      2 ts Aniseed, grated
      1 x  Grated peel of 1/2 lemon
 
  Sprinkle baking sheets with flour.   In a large bowl, beat sugar and
  eggs until creamy.  Stir in flour.  Add aniseed and lemon peel. Shape
  dough into 1/2 inch ropes. Cut ropes into 3 inch lengths; curve each
  piece into a half-moon shape.  Slash outer edge of half-moon in 3
  places with a sharp knife.  Place on prepared baking sheets. Cover
  and let stand overnight at room temperature.   Preheat over to 375
  deg.  Bake cookies 12 to 15 minutes or until golden. Remove from
  baking sheets immediately; cool on rack. This cookie is very hard and
  crisp. It makes an excellent "dunking" cookie!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISEED CHRABELI
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 40 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
      2 ea Eggs
  1 2/3 c  Flour, all-purpose; sifted
      2 ts Aniseed, grated
      1 x  Grated peel of 1/2 lemon
 
  Sprinkle baking sheets with flour.
    In a large bowl, beat sugar and eggs until creamy. Stir in flour.
  Add aniseed and lemon peel.  Shape dough into 1/2 inch ropes. Cut
  ropes into 3 inch lengths; curve each piece into a half-moon shape.
  Slash outer edge of half-moon in 3 places with a sharp knife. Place
  on prepared baking sheets. Cover and let stand overnight at room
  temperature.
    Preheat over to 375 deg.  Bake cookies 12 to 15 minutes or until
  golden. Remove from baking sheets immediately; cool on rack.
    This cookie is very hard and crisp.  It makes an excellent "dunking"
  cookie!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISEED COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 40 Servings
 
      4 ea Eggs; separated
  1 3/4 c  Powered sugar; sifted
      1 x  Pinch salt
      2 c  Flour, all purpose
    1/4 ts Baking powder
      2 ts Aniseed; ground
 
  Grease and flour baking sheets.
  Beat egg yolks, powdered sugar and salt in a large bowl until pale and
  creamy. Beat egg whites until very stiff; fold into egg yolk mixture.
  Siftflour, baking powder and aniseed onto egg mixture; fold in
  quickly but thoroughly. Fill a pastry bag fitted with a plain nozzle
  with cookie mixture. Pipe in small rounds onto prepared baking
  sheets. Let stand overnight to dry out.
  Preheat oven to 325 deg. Bake cookies 20 minutes. Cool on rack.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISH-NAH-BE PAKWEJIGAN (REAL INDIAN BREAD)
 Categories: Bakery, Native, Ojibway, Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ea Recipe soft bread
    2/3 c  Sunflower oil
    1/2 c  Blueberries -=OR=- raisins
 
  Let the soft bread dough cool to room temperature. Mix in the
  blueberries & put the dough into a bowl. Chill until it thickens.
  When the dough is firm, cut it into 1/2" slices & fry until it is a
  golden colour. Serve hot with maple syrup.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANISSABO (PEA SOUP -- CREE STYLE)
 Categories: Soups, Native, Cree, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      2 c  Dried peas, soaked
     20 oz Hominy
      1 c  Celery leaves -=OR=-
      2 pn Thyme
           Salt
           Pepper
           Savoury
     16 c  Water
 
  When the soaking peas are soft, put them in a large pot with the rest
  of the ingredients.  Simmer until the peas are tender but stil firm.
  Add the hominy & cook till thickened. Serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANITA'S  "HOT  SALSA"
 Categories: Sauces, Dips
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 md Tomatoes
      3    To 4 jalapeno peppers
           Onion -- your choice
           Oregano -- dash
           Salt and pepper as you like
 
  In saucepan boil tomatoes and peppers.  Drain water and remove skin
  from tomatoes.  put in blender with remaining ingredients and blend
  for a minute or until smooth, unless you prefer your salsa chunky.
  
  Serve with tortilla chips.  Makes great "Juevos Rancheros". Or make
  Guacamole by adding salsa to a mashed avocado.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANITA'S ITALIAN HERB BREAD
 Categories: Pam vkbb14a, Breads, Bmm, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           1 1/2 pound loaf
  1 1/8 c  Buttermilk
      3 c  Bread flour
  1 1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 tb Applesauce (oil)
      1 tb Sugar
    1/2 c  Parmesan cheese
    1/4 ts Dried basil
    1/4 ts Dried oregano
  1 1/2 ts Yeast
 
  Crust light. Bake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANITA'S ITALIAN HERB BREAD ABM
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 tb Yeast
      2 c  Flour, bread
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts Basil leaves
    1/4 ts Oregano leaves
      3 tb Buttermilk, powdered
  1 1/2 oz Cheese, Parmesan, grated
      1 tb Oil
    7/8 c  Water
 
  Bring bread ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery, in
  order. Set "baking control" at 10 o'clock. Select "white bread" and
  push Start.
  
  For best results, use the finest and freshest ingredients available.
  That is especially true for this particular recipe.
   Lois' sister Anita, who loves Italian food, will tell you that this
  fabulous bread is well worth the trip to your nearest Italian market
  or deli to purchase a chunk of imported Parmesan.
   You'll be disappointed with anything less, once you've tried it.
  
  Tested in DAK R2D2.  Sylvia's comments:
  
  Source: _Bread Machine Magic_ by Linda Rehberg & Lois Conway
  
  MM by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253, GT Cookbook
  echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANIVERSARY SAUCE
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Water
      1 c  Brown sugar
      5 oz Vinegar
    2/3 c  Ketchup
      2 tb Soya sauce

MMMMM-------------------------THICKENER------------------------------
      2 tb Cornstarch
      3 tb Water
 
  Cook meat (meatballs,spareribs,pork buttons,chicken drumettes etc...)
  and drain off excess fat. Mix & heat the first 5 ingredients. Simmer
  with meat for 1 hour. Then add cornstarch mixed with water to thicken.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANJA'S BACON-WRAPPED CHICKEN PILLOWS
 Categories: Main dish, Poultry, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2    Chicken breasts; boned &
           --skinned
     50 g  Mozzarella Cheese ;approx
      4    Rashers streaky bacon
           Thyme
           Pepper
           Salt
           Oil for baking
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F
  
  Cut a pocket along each chicken breast, season well and sprinkle with
  thyme, stuff with slices of Mozzarella and securely wrap with bacon
  rashers. Place on oiled baking dish, drizzle or brush with a little
  oil and sprinkle with a little more thyme.
  
  Bake for 20-25 minutes.
  
  Source: I got the idea from an advert I saw in a magazine a long time
  ago...
  
  Entered by Anja Wolle 21.3.96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN COOPER'S APPLE PANCAKES WITH MAPLE PECAN
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 16 Pancakes
 
MMMMM-----------------------APPLE PANCAKES----------------------------
      2    Eggs
      2 c  Buttermilk
    1/4 c  Butter; melted
  1 3/4 c  All-purpose flour
      3 tb Granulated sugar
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
  1 1/2 c  Chopped tart red apples
           -(peeled)

MMMMM---------------------MAPLE PECAN BUTTER--------------------------
      1 c  Butter; softened
    3/4 c  Chopped pecans
    1/2 c  Maple syrup
 
  Make Maple Pecan Butter. In small mixer bowl, beat butter on medium
  speed until light. Add pecans; mix well. Gradually beat in syrup. Set
  aside while making pancakes.
  
  For Apple Pancakes: In medium bowl lightly beat eggs with wire whisk.
  Add buttermilk and melted butter and whisk until smooth. Add dry
  ingredients and mix only until moistened. Stir in apples.
  
  Heat large non-stick griddle or skillet until hot. Melt a little of
  the butter on griddle until bubbly but not brown. For each pancake,
  spoon about 1/4 cup batter onto griddle. Cook until bubbles form and
  edges are cooked. Turn and cook until second side is golden. Keep
  pancakes warm on platter in 200 degree oven while preparing remaining
  batter. Serve warm with Maple Pecan Butter.
  
  Yield: 16 to 18 (4-inch) pancakes.
  
  Serving Size: 1 pancake
  
  Nutritional Information
                        per serving Calories 280 Total Fat 19 g Total
  Carbohydrates      23 g Protein 4 g Vitamin A 10 %DV Calcium 82 mg
  
  Copyright American Dairy Association (Reprinted with permission)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN FOWLER'S TOFFEE CRUNCH CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Cyberealm
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 pk Sara Lee Pound Cake, frozen
      2 c  Heavy cream
    3/4 c  Butterscotch syrup
      3    1/4 oz. chocolate covered
           Toffee candy bars, chopped
 
  1.  Cut pound cake horizontally into 3 equal-sized layers; set aside.
  
  2.  In a chilled large deep bowl, beat the cream with chilled beaters
  until stiff peaks form. Gradually add the butterscotch syrup, folding
  gently.
  
  3.  Place the first cake layer on a serving plate. Liberally frost
  with whipped cream mixture. Sprinkle layer with 1/3 of the candy
  bars. Arrange second layer and repeat process. Top with the third
  layer and frost top and sides of cake with remaining whipped cream.
  Drizzle more butterscotch syrup over cake, and top with remaining
  candy bars. Chill in refrigerator for at least 3 hours before serving.
  
  (Variation:  Use strawberry or chocolate syrup in place of
  butterscotch and garnish with chopped frozen strawberries or
  semi-sweet chocolate chips)
  
  From:  America's Favorite Desserts Cookbook, Sara Lee 1992
         Ann Fowler, Watertown, NY
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN LANDERS' MEAT LOAF
 Categories: Ground, Beef
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
 
        2 lb Ground beef
        2    Eggs
    1 1/2 c  Breadcrumbs
      3/4 c  Ketchup
        1 ts MSG
      1/2 c  Water -- warm
        1 pk Dry onion soup mix
        2 sl Bacon -- (opt)
        8 oz Tomato sauce
  
  Mix all ingredients except bacon and tomato sauce. Put in a 9x5" loaf
  pan; cover with 2 strips of bacon. Pour tomato sauce over meat. Bake
  1-1/2 hours at 350.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S "RADCLIFFE" BEETS
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     15 oz Can beets -- sliced or diced
      1    Orange
    1/2 c  Red wine vinegar
      1 tb Butter or margarine
    1/2 tb Cornstarch
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
    1/3 c  Reserved beet juice
        pn Salt and pepper
 
  Pour off 1/3 cup beet juice from can and reserve. Heat beets in
  remainder of liquid until simmering. Drain. Meanwhile, wash orange
  and pare thin strips of peel from skin. Slice peel into lengthwise
  threads and set aside. Squeeze 1/3 cup orange juice and add to
  reserved beet juice. combine cornstarch, sugar, seasoning, vinegar,
  beet/orange juice and peel in medium saucepan.  Bring to boil over
  medium heat, whisking constantly until thickened.  Add drained beets
  and butter to pan and heat about 5 minutes. Serve immediately. From
  Ann Conway
  
  Recipe By     : Concord Hospital Admitting Cookbook, Concord NH
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S CHICKEN FOR CROCK POT
 Categories: Poultry, Crockpot
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Frying chicken -- in pieces
      1    Salt & pepper
      1 cn Cream of mushroom soup
    1/2 c  Sauterne or sherry
      2 tb Butter or margarine-melted
      2 tb Dry Italian salad
           -dressing Mix
      2 pk 3 oz. each cream cheese -
           - cut in cubes
      1 tb Onion -- chopped
           					
 
  Wash chicken and pat dry.  Brush with butter.
     Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place in crock pot. Sprinkle with
  dry salad    mix. Cover and cook on low for 5 to 6 hours. About 3/4
  hour before serving, mix soup, cream cheese, wine, and onion in small
    saucepan. Cook until smooth. Pour over chicken in pot. Cover and
  cook for 30 min Recipe By :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S GORP(SEHR~ SEHR GUT - FROM ANN ARMSTRONG)
 Categories: Marie, Appetizers, Snacks
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           Dry roasted peanuts
           Dates
           Raisins
           Gold fish
           M & M's
           Sesame nut mix
           Sunflower seeds
 
  Use your own judgement on how much of each ingredient to use.  I like
  dates more than the peanuts, so I use more of those.  Combine all
  together and enjoy.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S HONEY-MUSTARD SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 2 Cups
 
      2 tb Butter
      2 tb Flour
      1 c  White wine
      1 c  Buttermilk
      3 tb Honey mustard
           Salt, pepper
 
  Put butter in top of double boiler. When butter is melted, add flour
  to form a roux, then add wine, buttermilk and mustard. Stir until
  mixture comes to desired consistency. If sauce is too thick, add a
  little milk (or water). Season to taste.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S MEAT LOAF
 Categories: Meats, Main dish, Beef
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lb GROUND BEEF
      2 x  EGGS
  1 1/2 c  BREAD CRUMBS
    3/4 c  TOMATO SAUCE
      1 ts ACCENT
    1/2 c  WATER
      1 pk SOUP MIX
 
  MIX THOROUGHLY AND SHAPE INTO LOAF OR PLACE IN A 9 X 5 BAKING PAN.
  BAKE AT 350 DEG F FOR 1 HOUR OR UNTIL MEAT IS COOKED THROUGH.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S PESTO
 Categories: Sauces, Marinades, Spreads, Pastas and, Poultry
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Fresh Basil Leaves
      4    Cloves garlic -- chopped
    1/2 c  Pine nuts
      1 c  X-Virgin olive oil
      1 c  Imported Parmesan Reggiano
           Cheese -- grated
    1/4 c  Pecorino Romano cheese --
           Grated
    1/4 ts Salt
           Freshly ground black pepper
           To taste
 
  1. Process the basil, garlic, and pine nuts in a food processor until
  finely chopped. 2. With the machine running, pour the oil in a thin,
  steady stream. 3. Add the cheese, salt and ground pepper to taste.
  Process briefly to combine. Yield: 2 cups prepared pesto. (I make
  this in 2-cup batches & freeze in 1/2 pt. canning jars for the
  winter. Use on pasta, vegetables, baked potatoes... MJ)
  
  Recipe By     : Ann from P*
  
  From:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S QUICK SPAGHETTI SAUCE
 Categories: Pasta, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     32 oz Tomato sauce -- or
           One 30 ounce jar prepared
           Spaghetti sauce --
           Smooth style only
      1 lb Lean ground beef
      1    Onion -- finely chopped
      1 c  White wine
      1 tb Dried basil
      1 tb Dried oregano
      2    Bay leaves -- crushed
    1/8 ts White pepper
      6    Cloves garlic -- crushed
           Or 2 teaspoons prepared
           Crushed garlic
 
  Brown ground beef in skillet.  Remove from pan to drain, then pour
  into unheated crockpot. Saute onions until lightly browned in the
  same pan. Add to beef in crockpot. Add remaining ingredients to the
  beef and onion mixture in the crockpot, and turn on to high. As sauce
  begins to warm, lower heat to low, and simmer for at least 30 minutes
  to let flavors mingle.  Can be kept on low in crockpot for several
  hours if stirred every 15 minutes.
  
  Recipe By     : Ann Zachman
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S RUBY CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry, Crockpot, Tested, Allergy
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        2 lb Chicken; pieces
        1 md Onions; chopped
        2 tb Oil
        2 ts Salt
        1 ts Pumpkin pie spice
        1 cn Orange juice, concentrated
        2 ts Orange peel, grated
        1 lb Cranberries
        1 c  Sugar
  
  Night before: Chop onions, thaw orange juice and chicken, measure
  spices.
  
  In the morning: Add ingredients to crockpot.  Cook 8-10 hours, till
  done. Serve over hot cooked rice.
  
  This was one of Ann Sharpe's favorite recipes.  Ann was Sylvia
  Steiger's mother.
  
  Copyright 1993 by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  Internet sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com, moderator of GT Cookbook and
  PlanoNet Lowfat & Luscious echoes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S SEAFOOD CHOWDER
 Categories: Fish*shell, Soups, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Butter or margarine
    1/2 ea Onion,large,diced
      1 ea Celery rib, diced
      1 lb Sealegs, chopped
      1 c  Potatoes, cooked,diced
      1 ea Tomato, large, diced
      2 tb Flour
      3 c  Milk
      1 c  Water
           Salt & pepper to taste
 
  Melt butter in heavy saucepan over medium-low heat. Add onions and
  saute until clear, add celery and cook gently for about 5 mins. Add
  flour, milk and water, stirring well to avoid lumps. Add remaining
  ingredients and season to taste. Heat until heated through, but do
  not boil. Serve with baking powder biscuits. Sealegs are a blend of
  pollock and crab meat.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S SEAFOOD CHOWDER (HALIFAX VERSION)
 Categories: Fish*shell, Soups, Main dish
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 tb Bacon drippings
      2 tb Butter
      4 ea White onion, fresh picked
      2 ea Celery rib, diced
      1 lb Sealegs, chopped
      2 lb Mixed seafood
      2 c  Potatoes, cooked,diced
      2 ea Tomato, large, diced
      1 sm Yellow zucchini, chunked
      1 sm Green zucchini, chunked
      2 c  Green peas, fresh
      1 c  Sweet peppers, vary colours
      4 tb Flour
      6 c  Milk
  1 1/2 c  Sauterne
        x  Milk to thin as needed
           Salt & pepper to taste
           Tomato sauce/soup to taste
 
  Melt bacon fat and butter in heavy saucepan over medium-low heat. Add
  onions and saute until clear, add celery and cook gently for about 5
  mins. Add seafood products and saute in saucepan at medium high heat
  to coat, flavor and brown slightly.
  
  Add flour, and milk, stirring well to avoid lumps.
  
  Add remaining ingredients, except peas, in order of required cooking
  time (ie potatoes, zucchini, tomatoes, peppers, etc). Add wine and
  season to taste. Heat until heated through, but do not boil. Add peas
  about 20 min before serving. Use milk to thin as necessary.
  
  Sealegs are imitation crab meat, usually pollock with crab flavouring.
  
  If chowder is to be frozen prior to serving, do not add the milk until
  reheating.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANN'S TEXAS CHILI
 Categories: Beef
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           BURGE
      3 lb Boneless chuck -- cubed
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      3    Garlic cloves -- chopped
      2 ts Cumin
      3 tb Flour
      1 tb Oregano
      2    Beef broth cans
      1 ts -Salt
    1/4 ts -Pepper
      4 tb Chili powder -- or to taste
 
  Heat oil in a 4 qt. pot, add beef, stirring frequently until meat
  loses color - DO NOT brown! Lower heat, stir in garlic, chili
  mixture, stirring until beef is evenly coated. Crumble oregano over
  meat. Add 1 1/2 cans broth and stir til liquid is well blended. Add
  salt & pepper, bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce heat;
  simmer partially covered over low heat for 1 1/2 hours, stirring
  occasionally. Add remaining broth, cook 30 minutes more. Cool
  thoroughly. Cover & refrigerate overnight. Reheat chili very gently.
  Source: Chili-Lovers' Cookbook
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNA BANANA BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Desserts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Applesauce
      1 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
      1    Egg white
      3    Bananas -- mashed
      1 ts Vanilla extract
  2 1/2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Cinna
 
  Combine sugar and wet ingredients. Combine dry ingredients
  separately. Add to wet ingredients. Pour into greased loaf pan. Bake
  at 350, 50 to 60 minutes.
  
  Recipe By     : Someone from AOL?
  
  From: Hp_walls@woco.Ohio.Gov          Date: Mon, 15 Jul 1996 14:00:51
  ~0400 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNA JACHIMOWICZ'S STANDARD SEASONING
 Categories: Vegetarian, Spices, Vegetables, Ethnic, Polish
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
           -Cookie Lady
 
   One standard seasoning Mrs. Jachimowicz uses is fried onions. She
  usually makes a large quantity at once so she can add it to each dish
  without preparing it each time. After finely chopping the onions, she
  browns them with a little flour in vegetable oil. When they are
  golden, she melts some butter in the pan. The oil prevents the onions
  from burning and the butter is added for flavor. She also seasons
  most of her foods with seasoned salt, celery salt or savory.
  
   From The Cookie Lady's Files
  
   Posted by COOKIE.LADY [Cookie] on Mar 16, 1993
  
   MM by Cathy Svitek
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNA M. STAMPLECOSKIE'S POTATO DUMPLINGS
 Categories: Potatoes, Canadian
      Yield: 15 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Raw potatoes
      1 c  Flour
  4 1/2 qt Water
           Salt to taste
           Cream
 
  Grate potatoes finely.  Squeeze dry in a clean cloth. Add flour and
  mix well with potatoes.  Bring water to the boil and add salt. Make
  little balls of the flour/potato mix. Drop into the boiling water and
  boil for 16 minutes.  At the last minute, add cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNA'S SALSA
 Categories: Dips & sauc, Mexican
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      8    Roma tomatoes; fine chopped
      8    Tomatoes; finely chopped
      1 bn Cilantro; finely chopped
      1 md Red onion; finely chopped
      1 cl Garlic; minced
      2    Celery; finely chopped
      2 sm Jalapeno peppers;or to taste
      1    Green chili pepper;
           -or to taste
      1    Serrano pepper; or to taste
      1 ts Salt
           Red cayenne pepper; to taste
           Black pepper; to taste
 
  Recipe by: Ann Lyne Combine first six ingredients in a large bowl and
  mix well.  Chop the peppers finely and add to large bowl. Mix salsa
  well. Add the spices (I normally use about 1-2 teaspoons of the
  spices) and mix. Let chill in refridgerator at least 1 hour for
  flavor to combine.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNABEL'S RICE PUDDING
 Categories: Low fat, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 oz Pudding rice
      2 oz Sugar
      1 pt Skimmed milk - that's an
           Imperial pint; 2 1/2 US
           Cups
 
  Bring the milk to the boil, then pour over the rice and sugar. Then
  EITHER bake in a very low oven for about 2 hours, or, which I prefer,
  stir on a low heat on the top of the stove until the rice is cooked.
  This will not thicken all that much until it is cold, but when cold
  it is deliciously creamy.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNASI (PINEAPPLE CURRY)
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Fresh pineapple
     25 g  Onion
      2    Fresh chillies
     50 g  Ghee
           -sprig curry leaves
    1/2    Stem lemon grass
      1 ts Chilli powder
      1 ts Paprika
    1/2 ts Powdered mustard seeds
    1/2 ts Tuimeric
    1/4 ts Salt
    200 ml Coconut milk
    1/2 ts Fennel
 
  Cut the pineapple in half lengthways, scoop out the flesh and cut into
  cubes.  Retain the half pineapple shells. Chop the onion and finely
  slice the chillies Heat the ghee and fry the onion together with the
  curry leaves and lemon grass. Add the chilli powder paprika powder,
  mustard, turmeric, salt  and pine apple pieces and cook for a few
  minutes until the pineapple is soft. Remove from the heat and pour in
  the coconut milk. Sprinkle with the fennel and allow curry to simmer
  for a further 10 minutes. Serve in hollowed out pineapple shells,
  garnished with sliced chillies. From "A taste of Sri Lanka" by Indra
  Jayasekera, ISBN #962 224 010 0
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNATTO OIL
 Categories: Mixes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Vegetable oil
      1 c  Annatto seeds  **
 
  Place the oil in a 2-quart heavy saucepan and heat to about 350
  degrees. Add the annatto seeds and remove the pan from the heat.
  Allow to cool and strain the oil in to a glass jar. This recipe makes
  2 cups of annatto oil. **  Available in Latin markets. By Jeff Smith
  The Frugal Gourmet
  
  Recipe By     : Springfield Union-News
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE & BILL'S APPLE OATMEAL BREAD WITH RAIS
 Categories: Bmm, Favorites, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Old rolled oats - 1/3
    5/8 c  Water - 1/2
    1/2 c  Unsweeten applesauce - 1/3
  2 3/4 c  Bread flour - 1 3/4
  1 1/2 ts Salt - 1
      2 tb Brown sugar - 1
  1 1/2 tb Nonfat dry milk powder - 1 T
  1 1/2 tb Applesauce* - 1 T
    1/3 c  Raisins - 1/4
      1 ts Ground cinnamon - 1 t
  1 1/2 ts Yeast*
 
  Place in bread pan. Select light crust setting. *Welbilt/Dak 1 1/2
  pound machines take 2 teaspoons. Recipe calls for 1 1/2 T butter...I
  use applesauce. Not too moist. Hold back some water to begin with.
  Flavor outstanding. Very moist, but not soggy. Use Instant active
  yeast 1 3/4 t for large loaf.
  
  1 1/2 lb. loaf - Bread Machine Magic 96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE & BILL'S APPLE OATMEAL BREAD WITH RAIS
 Categories: Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Old rolled oats - 1/3
    5/8 c  Water - 1/2
    1/2 c  Unsweeten applesauce - 1/3
  2 3/4 c  Bread flour - 1 3/4
  1 1/2 ts Salt - 1
      2 tb Brown sugar - 1
  1 1/2 tb Nonfat dry milk powder - 1 T
  1 1/2 tb Applesauce* - 1 T
    1/3 c  Raisins - 1/4
      1 ts Ground cinnamon - 1 t
  1 1/2 ts Yeast*
 
  Place in bread pan. Select light crust setting. *Welbilt/Dak 1 1/2
  pound machines take 2 teaspoons. Recipe calls for 1 1/2 T butter...I
  use applesauce. Not too moist. Hold back some water to begin with.
  Flavor outstanding. Very moist, but not soggy. Use Instant active
  yeast 1 3/4 t for large loaf.
  
  1 1/2 lb. loaf - Bread Machine Magic 96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE & BILL'S APPLE OATMEAL BREAD WITH RAIS
 Categories: Abm, Fruit, Bread
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Old rolled oats - 1/3
    5/8 c  Water - 1/2
    1/2 c  Unsweeten applesauce - 1/3
  2 3/4 c  Bread flour - 1 3/4
  1 1/2 ts Salt - 1
      2 tb Brown sugar - 1
  1 1/2 tb Nonfat dry milk powder - 1 T
  1 1/2 tb Applesauce* - 1 T
    1/3 c  Raisins - 1/4
      1 ts Ground cinnamon - 1 t
  1 1/2 ts Yeast*
 
  Place in bread pan. Select light crust setting. *Welbilt/Dak 1 1/2
  pound machines take 2 teaspoons. Recipe calls for 1 1/2 T butter...I
  use applesauce. Not too moist. Hold back some water to begin with.
  Flavor outstanding. Very moist, but not soggy. Use Instant active
  yeast 1 3/4 t for large loaf.
  
  1 1/2 lb. loaf - Bread Machine Magic 96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE ROSENSWEIG'S ARCADIAN EIGHT BEAN CHILI
 Categories: Chili, Spicy, Make ahead, Hearty
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 lb Each of the following dried
           -beans:  kidney, white,
           -pink,
           -black, red, pinto,
           -cranberry, and navy
      1 lb Bacon
      5 lg Onions, peeled and chopped
    2/3 c  Minced garlic
    1/4 c  Toasted coriander seeds,
           -ground
    1/4 c  Ground cinnamon
    1/4 c  Paprika
    1/4 c  Cayenne pepper, or to taste
           -for the timid of tongue
    1/2 c  Ground dried Poblano chili
           -peppers
    108 oz (#10 can) Italian plum
           -tomatoes, with juice
     12 oz Beer
      5 lb Lean ground beef
           -salt to taste
 
  In a large pot, soak the beans together overnight in water to cover.
  
  Drain and add fresh water to cover.  Cook at a simmer for 1 1/2 hours
  or until beans are just tender.
  
  While the beans are simmering, heat a large skillet. Mince the bacon
  and cook it until it begins to crisp. Add the onions and garlic and
  cook over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add all the spices and the
  ground Poblanos and cook another 5 minutes.  Add the tomatoes with
  their juice and the beer. Simmer for half an hour.
  
  In another pan, cook the beef until the pink color disappears. Drain
  and add it to tomatoe mixture.
  
  When the beans are fully cooked, drain them, reserving the liquid,
  and add the beans to the meat/tomato mixture. Salt to taste and let
  the mixture simmer for about 1 hour. If it is too dry, add some of
  the bean liquid.
  
  Serves 25
  
  KEYWORDS:  chili, spicy, make ahead, Arcadia, hearty, entertain
  Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.40
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE'S  CHICKEN  FOR  CROCK  POT
 Categories: Crock pot, Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Frying
           Salt & pepper
      1 cn Cream of mushroom soup
    1/2 c  Sauterne or sherry
      2 tb Butter or margarine --
           Melted
      2 tb Dry Italian salad dressing
           Mix
      2    (3 oz.) pkgs. cream cheese
           Cut in cubes
      1 tb Onion -- chopped
           Chicken -- cut up
 
  Wash chicken and pat dry.  Brush with butter. Sprinkle with salt and
  pepper. Place in crock pot. Sprinkle with dry salad mix. Cover and
  cook on low for 5 to 6 hours. About 3/4 hour before serving, mix
  soup, cream cheese, wine, and onion in small saucepan. Cook until
  smooth. Pour over chicken in pot. Cover and cook for 30 min Recipe By
  :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE'S  STRAWBERRY  SPINACH  SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Or 2 bunches of spinach --
           Washed & drained
           Dill weed to taste
      1 pt Cleaned cut strawberries
      1 tb Sesame seeds -- toasted
           -
    1/2 c  Oil
    1/4 c  Red wine vinegar
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Garlic powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Onion powder
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Dry mustard
           DRESSING:-----
 
  Chill salad dressing and pour over salad before serving.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE'S CAPPUCCINO SQUARES
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------FIRST LAYER-----------------------------
      1 c  Flour; all purpose
    1/2 c  Confectioner's sugar
    1/2 c  Butter; softened
      3 ts Instant coffee crystals
           -dissolved one by one in
      1 tb -Hot water
           -Butter for greasing pan

MMMMM------------------------SECOND LAYER-----------------------------
      2 c  Confectioner's sugar
      1 tb Instant coffee crystals
           -dissolved in
      2 tb Hot water
      1    Egg; lightly beaten, at room
           -temperature
    1/2 c  Butter; softened
    1/2 c  Milk

MMMMM-------------------------TOP LAYER------------------------------
      4 oz White chocolate; 4 squares
      1 tb Butter
      2 oz Semisweet chocolate;2 sq-opt
 
  Preheat oven to 350F. FIRST LAYER: Grease 8 inch square cake pan with
  butter. Mix together thoroughly flour, confectioner's sugar (icing
  sugar), softened butter and coffee dissolved in hot water. (You can
  use food processor or electric mixer). Press mixture evenly into pan
  bottom. Bake 10 minutes in preheated 350F oven. Cool on wire rack.
  SECOND LAYER: Meanwhile in large bowl, combine confectioner's sugar
  (icing sugar), 1 Tbsp coffee crystals dissolved in 2 Tbsp hot water,
  softened butter and 1 egg (lightly beaten with a fork at room
  temperature.) Mix until thoroughly combined. (can use food processor
  or electric mixer). Put milk in pot over medium heat and scald (heat
  until bubbles appear around sides but milk is not a rolling boil).
  Add mixture from bowl and heat 7 minutes over medium heat , stirring
  frequently at first, constantly after the mixture bubbles. (If
  mixture starts to stick on bottom, lower heat slightly). Let cool
  slightly, then pour over first layer. Tilt pan to cover base layer
  evenly. Chill in refrigerator half an hour or more till set. THIRD
  LAYER: Combine 4 oz white chocolate with 1 Tbsp butter in double
  boiler and melt (or melt 1 -1 1/2 minutes in microwave on High and
  stir ). Spread over chilled second layer with spatula or blunt knife
  (layer will be quite thin). OPTIONAL MARBLED EFFECT: Melt 2 oz
  semisweet chocolate in double boiler (or in microwave 1 - 1 1/2
  minutes on High and stir). Pour melted semisweet chocolate into small
  ziploc bag and seal. Snip corner of bag with scissors. Squeeze out
  horizontal lines of semisweet chocolate onto white chocolate layer.
  With a blunt knife, swirl the two chocolates together to create a
  marbled effect. Chill. Before the third layer is completely set,
  score into bars. VARIATION: Mocha Squares: substitute semisweet
  chocolate for white chocolate (this variation is easier as the middle
  layer and semisweet chocolate are similar in colour.) MAKES: approx
  32 bars (they are very sweet, therefore the bars should be small)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE'S PICO DE GALLO
 Categories: Mexican, Sauces, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     12 ea Green onions, chopped coarse
      2 ea Med. whole tomatoes,
           -chopped medium
      1 ea Cilantro leaf, chopped fine
      2 tb Lemon juice from concentrate
 
  Combine all ingredients and refrigerate at least an hour. Best if
  served over fajitas with sour cream and freshly grated cheddar. Use
  the cilantro judiciously! It is easy to overpower the remaining
  ingredients.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE'S SUMMER SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 sm Eggplants; -OR-
      1 lg -Eggplant
    1/2 ea Green pepper
      1 lg Tomato
      3 lg Celery stalks
      3 sm Potatoes, new
     12 ea Black olives

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Olive oil
      3 tb Red wine vinegar
      2 ea Garlic cloves; minced
      1 ds Pepper
      1 ds Basil, dried
 
  I used vegetables on hand. Other in-season vegetables (ie. beans)
  could be used. As well, feta cheese or mozzarella cheese could be
  added. EGGPLANT & PEPPERS: Peel, slice eggplants. Place in colander
  and salt lightly. Let stand 1/2 hour. Preheat grill*. Grill eggplant
  slices and green pepper. (Eggplant should be lightly browned and
  outer green pepper skin charred). Place green pepper in paper bag,
  let stand 1/2 hour. peel green pepper under running water. Dice
  eggplant slices and green pepper. Place in large bowl. POTATO: Boil
  potatoes until tender (about 10 minutes). Cool. peel, dice and place
  in bowl with other vegetables. OTHER VEGETABLES: Peel, seed and chop
  tomato. Chop celery. Slice pitted black olives. Put tomatoes, celery
  and olives in bowl. Mix well. DRESSING: Mix olive oil, vinegar,
  garlic, pepper and basil. Pour over vegetables in bowl. Toss well.
  Let marinate at room temperature at least 1/2 hour and then put in
  fridge. Toss and stir occasionally.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE'S VEGETABLE DIP
 Categories: Condiments, Dips, Harned 1994, Herb/spice, Vegetables
      Yield: 2 Cups
 
      1 c  Homemade mayonnaise
      1 c  Sour cream
      1 lg Garlic clove
           -- peeled and finely chopped
      1 tb Finely chopped green onion
      1 tb Dijon mustard
           Chopped fresh parsley
           ;to taste and for garnish
 
  In a mixing bowl, thoroughly combine first 5 ingredients. Pour into
  serving bowl, cover and chill until serving time. The flavor improves
  if this is made ahead of time and gets to sit for awhile.
  
  To serve, garnish with chopped parsley.
  
  Recipe from Enright's sister-in-law, Anne Donaldson. In _Nancy
  Enright's Canadian Herb Cookbook_ by Nancy Enright. Toronto: James
  Lorimer & Company, 1985.  Pg. 52. ISBN 0-88862-788-2. Electronic
  format by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNE-MARIE'S BLUEBERRY GLACE' PIE
 Categories: Blueberries, Desserts, Pies & past, Recipes fro
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 c  Blueberries
    3/4 c  Water
      1 tb Butter
      1 c  Sugar
      3 tb Cornstarch
      1 ds Salt
      1 ds Cinnamon
      1 ts Lemon juice
      1    9 inch baked pie shell
           Whipped cream -- for
           Garnish
 
  Simmer 1 cup less-than-perfect berries with water for 4 minutes. Add
  mixed cornstarch and sugar, other ingredients except whole berries,
  pie shell and whipped cream. Cook until thick and clear. Mix gently
  with whole berries and pour into baked 9" pie shell. Chill and top
  with whipped cream.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  Recipe By     : Virginia Rich, The Baked Bean Supper Murders
  
  From: Hp_walls@woco.Ohio.Gov          Date: Mon, 15 Jul 1996 14:00:51
  ~0400 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNELLA CAMPBELL'S COMPANY CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------CAKE---------------------------------
      1 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/8 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Shortening
    1/2 c  Sugar
      4 lg Egg yolks
    1/3 c  Milk
      2 ts Vanilla extract

MMMMM----------------------WALNUT MERINGUE---------------------------
      5 lg Egg whites
    2/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts

MMMMM------------------VANILLA CUSTARD FILLING-----------------------
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Cornstarch
      1 pn Salt
      1 lg Egg yolk
      1 c  Milk
      1 ts Vanilla extract
 
  PREHEAT OVEN TO 325F with rack in center of oven. Generously grease 2
  8-inch layer cake pans. Dust with flour, tapping pans over sink to
  remove excess flour. FOR CAKE, sift flour, baking powder and salt
  together onto waxed paper; set aside. Use mixer to cream shortening
  and sugar until fluffy. Add egg yolks one at a time, beating well
  after each addition. Add vanilla. Combine well. Add reserved flour
  mixture alternately with milk, mixing until smooth. Divide batter
  between prepared pans. Use back of spoon to spread batter evenly;
  this takes a little patience. FOR MERINGUE, beat egg whites until
  they are thick and hold their shape but are still soft and moist. Add
  sugar by the tablespoon, beating well after each addition. Divide
  between pans. Use spatula to spread over batter. Sprinkle with nuts,
  dividing evenly. Bake until lightly colored and toothpick inserted
  into center comes out clean (it's OK if meringue cracks), about 30
  minutes. Let rest 10 minutes in pans on cooling racks. Use flexible
  knife to release cake from sides of pan. Gently invert cakes. Set
  them meringue-side up to cool completely. Spread one meringue layer
  with filling. Top with other layer, meringue-side up. It's best
  served the day it is made but it can be made a day ahead and kept
  cool (but not refrigerated). If made ahead, keep covered. Yield: 1
  8-inch layer cake. VANILLA CUSTARD FILLING: Combine sugar, cornstarch
  and salt in heavy 1-quart saucepan. Stir in egg yolk and milk. Stir
  over medium heat. Stir until mixture coats spoon, about 4 minutes.
  Remove from heat. Stir in vanilla. Let cool completely. If mixture
  becomes lumpy, whisk vigorously, before using.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNEMARIE'S GERMAN APPLE-RICE SOUFFLE
 Categories: Desserts, Cheese/eggs, German
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 c  CAROLINA EXTRA LONG GRAIN
           ENRICHED RICE
      1 ea EGG, SEPARATED, OR TWO EGG
           WHITES
      1 tb HONEY
           LEMON ZEST FRON 1/2 LEMON
      1 ea APPLE, PEELED AND DICED
    1/4 c  RAISINS
    1/4 ts VANILLA, RUM, OR BRANDY EX-
           TRACT
 
  BRING O LARGE POT OF WATER TO A BOIL.  ADD THE RICE AND COOK OVER
  MEDIUM-LOW HEAT FOR 14 MINUTES, OR UNTIL TENDER. DRAIN AND RINSE
  BRIEFLY WITH COLD WATER.  SET ASIDE. PLACE 1 OF THE EGG WHITES IN A
  SMALL BOWL, AND BEAT WITH AN ELECTRIC MIXTURE UNTIL STIFF. PLACE THE
  YOKE (OR REMAINING WHITE) IN A LARGE BOWL.  ADD THE HONEY AND LEMON
  RIND. BEAT WITH AN ELECTRIC MIXER FOR ABOUT 3 MINUTES. FOLD IN THE
  RICE, APPLE, RAISINS AND EXTRACT. FOLD IN THE BEATEN EGG WHITE. COAT
  A1 1/2 QUART CASSEROLE ITH NON-STICK SPRAY.  ADD THE RICE MIXTURE.
  BAKE AT 350F FOR 25-30 MINUTES, OR UNTIL SET. SERVE HOT OR COLD.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNETTE FUNICELLO'S PEANUT BUTTER CHOCOLATE C
 Categories: Cookies, Chocolate
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 c  Unsifted flour
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Corn oil margarine, softened
           -(1 stick)
    1/2 c  Skippy creamy or super chunk
           -peanut butter (or Trader
           Joe's Almond Butter)
      2    Eggs
      1 tb Water
      1 ts Vanilla
      6 oz Semisweet chocolate chips,
           -optional (1 cup)
 
  In small bowl stir together flour, sugar, baking soda, and salt. In
  large bowl with mixer at low speed beat together margarine, peanut
  butter, eggs, water, and vanilla just until blended. Add flour
  mixture, beat until blended.  Increase speed to medium; beat 2
  minutes. Optional: stir chocolate pieces into batter. Drop by rounded
  tablespoonfuls 3 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets. Flatten
  slightly with floured bottom of glass.  Bake in 375 F oven 10 to 12
  minutes or until lightly browned. Cool on wire rack. Store in tightly
  covered container. Makes about 2-3 dozen.
  
  Peanut Butter Oat Cookies: decrease flour to 1 cup, add 1 cup quick
  oats.
  
  (Special thanks to Skippy Peanut Butter.)  [The Great American Peanut
  Butter Book, by Larry & Honey Zisman, pg 18; St. Martin's Press, New
  York, 1985.]
  
  [I made these last night to pack for my trip to Reno. Whatever you do,
  don't use creamy peanut butter!  With just 1/2 cup nut butter mixed
  with 2 cups flour, the nut taste gets kind of lost. I used almond
  butter; we also used Cantbelieveitsnotbutter for the margarine. Don't
  round those Tbspfulls too high, as these cookies wind up a bit on the
  large size. I also forgot about flattening them out; oh well... What
  I have are chocolate chip cookies (mini-chips), with a faint almond
  flavor.]
  
  [If anyone knows of a BBS with the Cooking echo in Sparks or Reno NV,
  please let me know!  I'll be staying at the Peppermill hotel for
  about 2 weeks, and may be able to modem out...]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE LITTLE JOHN'S CHILI
 Categories: Main dish, Chili
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      5 lb Beef roast
      2 lb Soup bone
           Water as needed
      3 lb Pinto beans, cooked
      4 oz Mexene chili powder
    1/2 ts Cumin seed
           Salt to taste
           Cayenne to taste
           Black pepper to taste
 
  Cook meat and soup bone separately until tender in enough water to
  keep covered. Dice roast, strain stock, and add the cooked beans.Stir
  in the Mexene and cumin seeds. Add salt and pepper (black and red) to
  taste. Cook very slowly over low flame 1 to 1 1/2 hours. AUTHOR'S
  NOTE: Leftover roast beef will do a good job too, as will canned
  pintos.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' BUTTERMILK BISCUITS
 Categories: Breads, Biscuits
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour,all-purpose,sifted
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      3 ts Baking powder
    2/3 c  Shortening
      1 c  Buttermilk
      4 tb Butter (opt)
 
  1. Preheat oven to 450'F.
  
  2. Sift flour, salt, soda, and baking powder into mixing bowl. Cut in
  shortening, using 2 knives, a pastry cutteror your hands dusted with
  flour. Add sufficient buttermilk to make a soft dough. Knead lightly
  and turn out onto a lightly floured board. Roll out to 1/2" thickness
  and cut with biscuit cutter into rounds. Place rounds not touching -
  for crisper biscuits - or close together - for softer biscuits - on
  ungreased baking sheet. Brush with melted butter if desired and bake
  in preheated oven 12-15 minutes, or until firm and lightly browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' CHICKEN FRICASSEE
 Categories: Main dish, Poultry
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Fowl,4-1/4 to 5 lb
  1 1/2 qt Water
      1    Onion,small,peeled
      1    Celery,stalk
      1    Carrot,scraped
      1    Parsley sprig
      1 tb Salt
      1 tb Vinegar

MMMMM-------------------------FRICASSEE------------------------------
      4 tb Butter
      4 tb Flour
      4 c  Chicken stock,heated
      2 c  Light cream,room temperature
           Cook meat from 4-5# fowl*
           Salt to taste
           Pepper to taste
 
  Place the fowl in a large pot with water and bring to a full boil;
  skin surafce of water until clear. Lower heat and add remaining
  ingredients except vinegar and let gently simmer until chicken is
  sufficiently tender to remove easily from bone. Remove chicken and
  let stand until cool enough to remove meat and skin from bone. Add
  bones and vinegar to stock in pot and let simmer an additional hour.
  Cool, then strain into a large bowl and add chicken meat. Refrigerate
  until fat comes to surface; remove and discard fat.
  
  *** TO MAKE THE FRICASSEE ***
  
  * - cut into bite-sized pieces.
  
  1. Melt the butter in a large, heavy saucepan or deep skillet and
  stir in the flour. When bubbly, slowly add the heated chicken stock,
  stirring. Add cream and continue to cook, stirring until sauce is
  thick. Add chicken meat and cook, stirring a final 5-10 minutes.
  
  2. Southerners usually serve fricassee over cooked white rice, but it
  is also great over baking-powder biscuits with a thin slice of baked
  ham placed on each biscuit half before the fricassee is spooned over.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' COCONUT CAKE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Buttermilk
    1/4 lb Butter,at room temperature
  1 1/3 c  Sugar
      2    Egg yolks
      2 c  Flour,all-purpose
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Lemon rind,grated
      2    Egg whites

MMMMM-------------------LEMON-COCONUT FILLING------------------------
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Cornstarch
      1 c  Water,boiling
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
    1/2 c  Coconut grated
      1 tb Butter

MMMMM----------------------COCONUT FROSTING---------------------------
      2    Egg whites
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Water
      1 tb Light corn syrup
  1 1/2 c  Coconut,grated
 
  1. Preheat oven to 350'F.
  2. Grease and flour 2 9" layer cake pans.
  3. Add soda to buttermilk, stir to blend, and set aside.
  4. Cream butter with sugar until light and fluffy. Add egg yolks one
  at a time and beat well after each addition.
  5. Sift flour with salt and baking powder onto waxed paper. Add flour
  mixture alternately with buttermilk to butter a little at a time and
  blend well after each addition. Stir in lemon rind.
  6. In a separate bowl beat egg whites until stiff, then fold into
  batter. Pour into prepared pans and bake in preheated oven for about
  30 minutes. Remove from pans onto cake rack until cool. Put layers
  together with Lemon-Coconut Filling, frost with Coconut Frosting, and
  sprinkle with coconut.
  
  *** LEMON-COCONUT FILLING ***
  Mix together sugar and cornstarch in a saucepan. Add boiling water and
  lemon juice; stir in coconut. Bring to a full boil over high heat,
  stirring frequently. Reduce heat slightly and let boil, stirring
  constantly, for 1 minute. Remove from heat and stir in butter. Cool
  to room temperature. Stir; spread between cakes layers.
  
  *** COCONUT FROSTING ***
  1. Combine all ingredients except coconut in top of double boiler.
  Beat 1 minute to blend, then place over boiling water and beat with
  rotary hand or electric beater until stiff peaks form, stirring
  mixture up from bottom and sides of pan occasionally.
  2. Transfer to a large bowl and beat 1 minute more, or until thick
  enough to spread.
  3. Frost cake, then sprinkle generously with grated coconut.
  4. Makes sufficient frosting for sides and top of 2 9" cake layers.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' CORN CHOWDER
 Categories: Soups, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Butter
    1/4 c  Onion,finely chopped
      8    Corn ears,freshly picked
      4 c  Milk
      1 c  Cream
      1 tb Flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Black pepper

MMMMM-------------------SKILLET CORNMEAL CAKES------------------------
      2 c  White cornmeal,stone-ground
      4 c  Water,boiling
      2    Eggs,well beaten
      1 ts Salt
      4 tb Butter
      1 tb Oil
    3/4 c  Cheese,sharp,grated
 
  Melt the butter in heavy soup pot and saute the chopped onion in it
  until just limp, then set aside while you cut the corn from the cob
  with a sharp knife onto a wooden chopping board. Add immediately to
  sauteed onion, add milk, and bring to almost but not quite boiling.
  Mix 1 tablespoon of the cream with the flour to form a soft paste and
  stir into corn-milk mixture, then add cream and bring to steamy hot
  but do not allow to boil. Season with salt and pepper and serve
  piping hot.
  Serve with:
  *** SYBIL CARTER'S SKILLET CORNMEAL CAKES ***
  Stir the cornmeal into the boiling water and cook over low heat until
  thick and creamy. Remove from heat, add beaten egg and salt, and mix
  well. Heat the butter and oil in a heavy skillet - cast iron is best
  ~ and drop cornmeal mixture by tablespoonfuls into hot fat. Cook 1-2
  minutes, turn to brown opposite side, and remove to heated platter.
  Sprinkle with grated cheese while hot and serve at once.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' CORNMEAL MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Muffins
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Cornmeal,sifted*
    3/4 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      1    Egg
  1 1/2 c  Buttermilk
  1 1/2 tb Lard or vegetable shortening
  1 1/2 tb Butter
 
  1. Preheat oven to 400'F.
  
  2. Grease 2 6-cup muffin tins with vegetable shortening or lard.
  Place in oven to heat.
  
  3. Sift cornmeal, soda, and salt into a mixing bowl.
  
  4. Beat egg with buttermilk. Heat shortening with butter until
  melted; add to egg and buttermilk and blend. Add to dry ingredients
  all at once and stir just enough to give the mixture a rough
  appearance. Add additional buttermilk if mixture seems too dry.
  
  5. Pour into hot muffin pans and bake about 20 minutes, or until
  lightly browned. Serve hot with plentyof soft butter and any homemade
  jelly or jam.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' HAM & BEAN SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  White beans,dried
      2 qt Water,more if needed
      1    Bone from baked ham*
      1    Bay leaf
      3    Parsley sprigs
      1    Onion,large,mild**
           Salt
           Pepper
 
  * - leftover ham bone with plenty of leftover meat.
  ** - peeled & quartered.
  1. Cover the beans with water and soak overnight.
  2. Drain beans and place in soup pot, add water, ham bone, bay leaf,
  parsley, onion. Bring to a boil, then lower heat, partially cover,
  and let simmer very gently until the beans are tender. Add more water
  if needed. Remove and discard bay leaf. Remove ham bone, cut off all
  meat, and return it to the pot. Remove about 1 cup of the beans and a
  little bean liquid. Mash to a paste and stir this into the pot to
  thicken soup. Add salt and pepper to taste. If desired, thin soup
  with milk.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' OLD-FASHIONED CHICKEN GRAVY
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 tb Butter
      1 tb Flour
    3/4 c  Chicken stock
    1/4 c  Light cream
           Salt
           Pepper
 
  1. Pour the frying fat from the pan, replace it with the butter,
  melt, then stir in the flour. When bubbly, stir in the stock and
  cream, and cook until sauce thickens. Season with salt and pepper.
  
  2. Serve the sauce separately to spoon over the chicken pieces at the
  table.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' OLD-FASHIONED FRIED CHICKEN
 Categories: Main dish, Poultry
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2    Chickens,small*
  1 1/2 c  Flour
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Mustard,dry
    1/4 ts Pepper
      2 c  Lard

MMMMM-----------------------CHICKEN GRAVY----------------------------
      2 tb Butter
      1 tb Flour
    3/4 c  Chicken stock
    1/4 c  Light cream
           Salt
           Pepper
 
  * - cut each into 8 pieces, backbone removed (save liver and gizzard
  for another use).
  
  1. Wash each piece of chicken under cold running water. Pat dry with
  paper toweling.
  
  2. Place flour, salt, mustard, and pepper in a large paper bag. Twist
  closed and shake to blend ingredients. Drop the chicken pieces into
  the bag a few at a time and shake the bag vigorously until each piece
  is thoroughly coated. Remove the chicken pieces from the bag and
  shake off excess flour - there will be plenty of it. Then lay them
  side by side on waxed paper and place them near the stove so that you
  can get to them easily when you start frying.
  
  3. Preheat oven to warm and in it place a large baking dish lined with
  paper toweling.
  
  4. Heat the lard in a heavy 10-12" skillet. The fat should fill the
  pan to a depth of about 2 inches. Add more lard if necessary.
  
  5. Place over moderate heat and when the fat is hot but not smoking,
  begin frying chicken. Put in the thigh and legs first and cover the
  pan at once. Let the chicken fry over moderate heat, lifting the
  cover occasionally to check the process, and when deep brown turn -
  with a wooden spoon, so you don't pierce the skin. Cover and brown
  the other side. As each piece is cooked, remove it, place it in the
  warm oven, and put an uncooked piece in its place.
  
  6. Cook all of the chicken in the same way. Just remember that the
  white meat will take a little less time to cook than the dark pieces.
  
  7. Leave the chicken in the oven while preparing the gravy.
  
  *** CHICKEN GRAVY ***
  
  1. Pour the frying fat from the pan, replace it with the butter,
  melt, then stir in the flour. When bubbly, stir in the stock and
  cream, and cook until sauce thickens. Season with salt and pepper.
  
  2. Serve the sauce separately to spoon over the chicken pieces at the
  table.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' SPICED POT ROAST WITH FRESH
 Categories: Beef
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    4-5 lb bottom or top round
           -of beef
      1 ts Ginger, ground
    1/4 c  Flour
      2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Black pepper
      2 tb Oil
      2 md Onions; peeled and chopped.
      1 cn Tomatoes (16 oz)
      1 c  Beef stock
      1    Red pepper,seeded/chopped
     12    Figs,fresh
 
  Wipe the meat with a damp cloth.  Combine the ginger, flour, salt, and
  pepper, and rub mixture into meat.
  
  Heat oil in a large heavy pot; add the meat and brown it well on all
  sides. Add the onions, tomatoes, stock, and red pepper. Bring to a
  boil, cover, lower heat, and let simmer for 2-1/2 to 3 hours, or
  until meat is tender. Add figs for the last 15 minutes of cooking.
  
  Place meat on serving platter and surround with figs. Let cooking
  liquid in pot cool slightly, the remove all surface grease possible.
  Reheat and serve separately to spoon over slices of meat.
  
                           per Diane Lazarus
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' SPONGE CAKE FOR STRAWBERRY S
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4    Eggs,at room temperature
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 c  Cake flour
      3 ts Baking powder
    3/4 c  Milk
 
  1. Preheat oven to 325'F. 2. Separate eggs, placing yolks in large
  mixing bowl and setting whites aside. Beat yolks with sugar until
  very light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla. 3. Sift cake flour with
  baking powder onto waxed paper. 4. Fold dry ingredients alternately
  with milk into egg-sugar mixture. 5. In a separate bowl beat reserved
  egg whites until stiff and then fold into batter. 6. Pour into an
  ungreased 9" tube pan and bake in preheated oven 45-50 minutes Invert
  pan. When cake is cool remove from pan.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' SWEET POTATO BISCUITS
 Categories: Breads, Biscuits
      Yield: 14 Servings
 
      1 c  Flour,all-purpose
      3 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Shortening
      1 c  Sweet potatoes,mashed
    1/2 c  Milk
 
  1. Preheat oven to 400'F.
  
  2. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt into mixing bowl. Cut in
  shortening. Add potatoes and mix thoroughly, then add enough milk to
  make a soft dough. Turn out onto a lightly floured board and roll out
  to about 1/2" in thickness. Cut into squares.
  
  3. Place squares not touching on ungreased baking sheet bake in
  preheated oven for 12-15 mimutes.
  
  4. Serve warm, split, and spread with room-temperature butter.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE JONES' YEAST ROLLS
 Categories: Breads, Rolls
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
  5 1/2 c  Flour
    1/3 c  Sugar
      2 pk Yeast,dry
      1 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Milk
    1/2 c  Water
      4 tb Butter,at room temperature
      2    Eggs

MMMMM-----------------CONFECTIONERS' SUGAR GLAZE----------------------
      1 c  Confectioners' sugar,sifted
      2 tb Orange juice
 
  1. In a large bowl thoroughly mix 2 cups of the flour, the sugar,
  yeast and salt.
  
  2. Combine milk, water, and butter in a saucepan. Place over low heat
  and stir until butter is melted. Mixture should be just warm, about
  115-120'F. on thermometer.
  
  3. Gradually add milk mixture to dry ingredients and eat for 2
  minutes at medium speed of electric mixer, scraping bowl often. Add
  eggs and beat well.
  
  4. With a wooden spoon stir in sufficient additional flour (3 to 3-1/2
  cups) to make a soft dough. turn out on a lightly floured board and
  knead about 10 minutes, or unil satiny and smooth. Form into a ball
  and place in a warm bowl that has been generously greased with soft
  butter at room temperature. Turn to coat all sides with butter. Cover
  and let rise in a warm place until double in bulk, about 1 hour.
  
  5. Punch down and shape into small balls. Place about 1/2" apart on
  greased baking sheets and again let stand free from drafts in a warm
  place until double in bulk.
  
  6. Bake in preheated 350'F. oven for 25-30 minutes, or until lightly
  browned.
  
  7. Serve warm.
  
  8. If necessary, undercook rolls just slightly; then reheat just
  before serving.
  
  9. If desired, you may fold in about 1 cup lightly floured raisins to
  dough during final kneading. Then frost rolls while warm with
  Confectioners' Sugar Glaze.
  
  *** CONFECTIONERS' SUGAR GLAZE ***
  
  Combine sugar with 1 tablespoon orange juice. Add sufficient additioal
  orange juice to make a medium-thin glaze. From: Earl Shelsby Date:
  Sun, 09-2
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE'S GEORGIA DATE-PECAN BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Dates,dried,finely chopped
      1    Egg
      1 c  Sugar
      2 tb Butter,melted
      2 c  Flour,all-purpose,sifted
      3 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    3/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Orange juice
    1/4 c  Water
      1 c  Pecans,chopped
 
  Soak dates for 2 hours in water, then drain and dry on paper
  toweling. In a bowl, mix egg, sugar, and butter. Sift flour with
  baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Add dry ingredients alternately
  with orange juice and water, beginning and ending with dry
  ingredients. Stir in dates and pecans and beat until well blended.
  Pour mixture into a greased 9x5x3" loaf pan. Bake in a preheated
  350'F. oven for about 2 hours, or until bread tests done in the
  center. Unmold and cool on a rack. This keeps well and is excellent
  for a morning coffee party.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE MAE'S LEMONY CHEESE CAKE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 pk Gelatin,unflavored
    1/2 c  Water,cold
      3    Eggs,separated
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Milk
      1 ds Salt
      2 ts Lemon rind,grated
      3 tb Lemon juice
      4 c  Cottage cheese
      1 c  Cream

MMMMM-------------------GRAHAM CRACKER CRUSTS------------------------
      2 c  Graham cracker crumbs
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Melted butter

MMMMM-----------------------LEMON TOPPING----------------------------
      2    Egg yolks
    3/4 c  Sugar
      3 tb Butter
      1 ts Lemon rind,grated
      2 tb Lemon juice
  1 1/2 tb Cornstarch
      3 tb Water
 
  1. Sprinkle gelatin over cold water and allow to stand until softened.
  Combine egg yolks, sugar, milk, and salt in top half of a double
  boiler and cook over shimmering water, stirring frequently until
  custard thickens and coats the spoon.
  2. Place lemon rind, lemon juice, and cottage cheese in container of
  electric blender and blend until smooth. Combine with cooled custard
  and blend well. Chill until mixture begins to thicken.
  3. Beat egg whites and cream separately until stiff; fold into cottage
  cheese mixture. Pour into 2 Graham Cracker Crusts and chill until
  firm. Spread with lemon custard topping before serving.
  
  *** GRAHAM CRACKER CRUSTS ***
  1. Preheat oven to 300'F.
  2. Combine all ingredients in a large bowl. Press mixture evenly
  across bottom and sides of 2 8-9" pie pans and bake in preheated oven
  for 5-10 minutes. Chill well before filling.
  
  *** LEMON TOPPING FOR CHEESE CAKE ***
  Combine egg yolks, sugar, butter rind, and lemon juice in top half of
  a double boiler. Cook over simmering water until quite thick, then
  cool slightly. Mix cornstarch with water and stir into lemon mixture.
  Cool before spreading on cheese cakes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIE'S APPLE BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
    2/3 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs, beaten
      1 tb Lemon juice
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  Chopped apples
      1 c  Chopped black walnuts or
           - pecans
 
  Preheat oven to 350. Cream butter, sugar, eggs and lemon juice. Stir
  in flour, baking powder and salt. Fold in apples and nuts. Bake in a
  greased and floured 9x5x3" loaf pan for 45-55 minutes. Yield: 1 loaf
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANNIVERSARY BURGERS
 Categories: Sandwiches, Beef, Davidson
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
      2    Eggs; beaten
      2 tb Whipping cream
      2 tb Milk
      2 sl Bread; torn up
      1 tb Onion, dried minced
    1/2 tb Salt
      2 ts Horseradish, prepared
    1/4 ts Pepper, black
    1/4 ts Thyme, dried
    1/2 ts Mustard, dry
      2 lb Ground beef, lean
    1/2 c  Butter, sweet
    1/2 c  Catsup
 
  Light a charcoal fire.
  
  Mix eggs with cream and milk, then add torn-up bread onion, salt,
  horse- radish, pepper, thyme, and dry mustard. Stir well, let stand
  for 10 minutes, then stir well again, until all is well moistened and
  the bread is no longer in pieces.  Add ground beef and mix well.
  
  Melt butter with catsup and keep warm.
  
  Measure out beef in 1/2 cup increments and form patties. Grill over
  hot coals on one side.  Turn and brush with butter-catsup mixture.
  Grill other side. Serve hot.
  
                                  ---*Dying for Chocolate*
                                      Diane Mott Davidson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOMALOCARIS NOODLE CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casseroles, Seafood, Extinct, Cambrian, Critter
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Wide egg noodles
      2 cn Cream of mushroom soup
      2 cn Anomalocaris meat*
      1 ts Margarine
           Bread crumbs
           Seasoned salt
           Seasoned pepper
    1/2 ts Cumin
      1 ts Paprika
 
  *If anomalocaris is out of season (or era) tuna is an acceptable
  substitute.
  
  Boil the noodles until tender. Drain. Mix noodles, soup and
  anomalocaris meat together. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add cumin.
  Pour into buttered casserole dish. Sprinkle bread crumbs on top.
  Sprinkle paprika on top of bread crumbs. Preheat oven to 350 degrees
  F. Bake until top is toasty brown.
  
  Recipe by: Dean C. Colby, PhD Entered in MM format by: Roy Olsen
  roy@indy.net
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER APPLE CRISP
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Apples,tart,sliced,peeled
    1/2 c  Water
    3/4 c  Flour
      1 c  Sugar or brown sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/4 ts Salt
           Cream or whipped cream
 
  Butter a deep baking dish, put apples,water,flour,sugar and cinnamon
  in it. Mix with spoon and spread butter and salt over the apple mix.
  Bake at 350 degrees F until the apples are tender and the crust
  brown,about 30 minutes.Serve with cream or whipped cream From Fanny
  Farmers Boston Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER BEAN SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Vinegar
     16 oz Green beans, can, drained
     16 oz Yellow beans, can, drained
     16 oz Lima beans, can, drained
     16 oz Garbanzo beans, can, drained
     16 oz Red kidney beans, drained
      1 ea Green pepper, slivered
      4 ea Celery, sliced
      3 ea Onions, medium, sliced thin
 
  Combine sugar, salt vinegar in pan, bring to boil for 1 min. Cool.
  Toss all other ingredients together and pour the vinegar mixture over
  them. Marinate for 24 hrs in refrigerator, stirring occasionally.
  Cal: 313.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER CHICKEN FRIED STEAK
 Categories: Main dish, Beef, Texas/s.w.
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Boneless beef cut
           - into 4 serving pieces
      1 c  Flour, total
      1    Egg
    1/4 c  Milk
      1 md Onion, chopped
      1 c  Chicken broth
      1 c  Heavy cream
      2 tb Fresh parsley chopped
           - (or 2 tsp. dried)
           Veg. oil to fry steaks
 
  Pound steaks to about 1/4" thickness.  Rub both sides with salt,
  pepper, paprika and garlic powder. Heat oil in a large skillet, oil
  should be about 1/4" high. Beat egg and milk together in a bowl. In
  another bowl, season the flour with salt, pepper, paprika, and garlic
  powder. When the oil is hot, dredge the steaks in the flour, then in
  the egg mixture, then back again in the flour.  Place them
  immediately in the skillet. Fry on both sides until golden brown.
  Remove and set aside. Remove most of the oil from the skillet,
  leaving behind the bits of meat etc. Reheat the oil and add the
  onion.  Cook until golden then add about 3 Tbsp. of flour, whisking
  it in.  Gradually whisk in the chicken broth scraping the bottom
  well, add a little water if it is still too thick. Bring to boil then
  add cream and parsley and cook another minute. Serve with mashed
  potatoes, corn bread, or biscuits.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER CHICKEN POT PIE
 Categories: Poultry, Mom's best, Cyberealm, Main dish
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      2 cn Cream of broccoli soup
      1 c  Milk
    1/4 ts Dried thyme
    1/4 ts Pepper
      4 c  Cooked cut-up vegetables
      2 c  Cubed cooked chicken
      1 cn Refrigerated flaky biscuits
 
  1.  In a 3 qt baking dish, combine the soup, milk, thyme, and pepper.
      Stir in the vegetables and chicken or turkey.
  
  2.  Bake at 400F 15 minutes or until mixture begins to bubble.
      Meanwhile, cut each biscuit into quarters.
  
  3.  Remove dish from oven; stir. Arrange biscuit pieces over hot
      chicken mixture. Bake 15 minutes or until golden brown.
  
  VARIATION:  Top with melted cheddar or swiss cheese (grated) for the
  last 5 minutes of baking. Turkey can be substituted for chicken. The
  vegetables which can be used include carrots, broccoli, potatoes,
  cauliflower, frozen or fresh.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER CHILI RECIPE
 Categories: Digest, Oct.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  TVP, rehydrated
      8    To 16 oz of tempeh, chopped
      8    To 16 oz of tofu, crumbled
      1    To 2 cans pinto beans,
           Rinsed
      1    To 2 cans kidney beans,
           Rinsed
      1    To 2 cans white beans,
           Rinsed
        x  Any other bean you like
      2    To 4 large onions, chopped
     10    Or more cloves garlic,
           Chopped
      2    To 4 green peppers, chopped
      1    Or more hot peppers of your
           Choice (jalepeno,
           Serrano, ..), minced
      2    To 4 15 oz cans crushed
           Tomatoes
      6    To 12 oz tomato paste
    1/2    To 1 lb mushrooms, coursly
           Chopped
      1 ts Ground cayenne pepper
      2 tb Chili powder
      2 tb Worcestershire sauce
      2 tb Vinegar
      1    Bay leaf
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Allspice
      1 tb Cumin
 
  Saute the onion, peppers, hot peppers, and garlic until the onions are
  translucent.  Add all other ingrediants and simmer a minimum of 30
  minutes (about how long corn bread takes to cook ;-). Add water if
  chili is too thick.  Adjust seasonings during cooking to taste.
  
  That's it!  Last night's batch had TVP, 1 can pinto beans, 2 cans
  kidney beans, 1 can black eye peas, so I used double the spices and
  the higher amounts of the rest of the ingrediants. Very tasty last
  night and of course even better today for lunch.
  
  Posted by Cynthia Grall <grall@la.tis.com> to the Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 11 Issue 13], Oct. 13, 1994. FATFREE Recipe collections
  copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission. Formatted by
  Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER CURRY POWDER
 Categories: Misc
      Yield: 1 /2 cup
 
      3 tb Coriander seeds
      2 tb Cumin seeds
      2 tb Tumeric
      1 tb Mustard seeds
  2 1/2 ts Fennel seeds
           Seeds of 8 cardamon pods
      8    Cloves
  1 1/2 ts Ground ginger
  1 1/2 ts Black peppercorns
    1/4 ts Freshly grated nutmeg
    1/4 ts Cayenne
 
  In a bowl, combine all the ingredients. Spread mixture out on a jelly
  roll pan and toast in a preheated 250 degree F oven for 20 minutes.
  Let cool to room temperature. Pulverize the spice mixture in batches
  with an electric spice or coffee grinder and strain it through a
  sieve into a bowl. The curry powder will keep six months in a tightly
  sealed jar in a cool dark place. Use to season soups and stews.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER DEEP FRIED ICE CREAM
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Box of unsweetened
           -cornflakes, crunched to
           -dust (or as near as you
           -can
           -get!)
 
  1/4 to 1/2 cup sugar
  
        2 tb ground cinnamon
  
        4    eggs, well beaten
  
  Ice cream
  
  Ok, the night before you want to make this (or in the morning...),
  take the ice cream and scoop it into balls (tennis ball size). Make
  sure the balls of ice cream are solid, no air pockets. You will
  likely have to use your hands.  Place them in a shallow pan that you
  can put into the freezer (lined with wax paper). Freeze overnight, or
  at least 6 hours.
  
  Next, combine the crushed cornflakes, sugar and cinnamon in a large
  (gallon size) ziplock bag.  Put the beaten eggs into a bowl.
  
  Take the ice cream balls and coat them with the cornflake mixture,
  really pressing it into the surface of the ball. Then, dip the whole
  thing into the egg mixture and re-coat it with cornflakes. Return to
  the freezer for at least 2 hours.  Make sure there are no "bald
  spots" anywhere on the ice cream ball.  You might need to dip into
  the egg and re-coat with the cornflakes one more time.  Freeze for at
  LEAST 2 hours before you are going to fry.
  
  Use a good deep fryer, and heat it to a fairly high temperature (I
  don't know exactly how hot this is, I never measured....).
  Immediately before you want to serve, remove one ice cream ball from
  the freezer at a time, and drop into the hot oil (use canola....) for
  about 30 seconds, or until it just begins to brown. Take it out of
  the oil and put in a bowl to serve. Top with really good stuff like
  hot fudge (lots....really lots...oh, sorry, I'm thinking about this
  too much), whipped cream, nuts, anything else that you might deem
  appropriate.
  
  The shell should be cooked and crunchy, and the inside will still be
  frozen (amazing, isn't it?).  You can only cook one at a time, so if
  you have a whole bunch to make, use more than one fryer. Let the oil
  return to the high temperature before you add the next ball.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER FALAFEL RECIPE
 Categories: Appetizers, Oriental, Snacks
      Yield: 12 Patties
 
  1 1/2 c  Chick peas, cooked & drained
      1 ea Onion, chopped
    1/4 c  Parsley, chopped
      3 ea Garlic cloves, crushed
      1 tb Chick pea stock
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Coriander
      1 ts Cumin
           Salt & pepper
      1 tb All-purpose flour, plus
           -- additional flour for
           -- coating patties
           Oil for frying
           Pitas, tops cut off
           Tomato & onion salad
      1 ds Harissa, see below, optional

MMMMM--------------------------HARISSA-------------------------------
    1/2 lb Red chilis, stemmed, seeded
           -- & chopped
      6 ea Garlic cloves, peeled
      1 ts Caraway seeds
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Pepper
  1 1/2 ts Cumin
      1 ts Coriander
           Olive oil
 
  Place cooked chick peas in a blender.  Add onion, parsley, garlic,
  stock, soda, spices, salt & pepper. Process until smooth. Place in a
  glass bowl & refrigerate until firm, 20 to 30 minutes. Shape into 12
  patties. Dust lightly with flour & fry in hot oil, turning frequently
  until browned & crisp. Drain on paper towels. Put a pattie in a pita
  pocket, top with salad & a little harissa if desired. HARISSA: Place
  peppers & garlic in a processor & process until coarsely ground. Add
  remaining ingredients except the olive oil & process until smooth. To
  store, place in a small jar, top with a thinlayer of olive oil &
  refrigerate till ready to use. Makes 1 cup.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER GARLIC SOUP RECIPE
 Categories: Soups/stews, Appetizers, Vegetarian, Garlic
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Garlic, peeled & minced
      1 tb Onion, chopped
      2 tb Olive oil
    2/3 c  Tomatoes
      1 qt Stock
           Pepper
           Croutons
 
  Combine garlic & onion in a bowl.  Heat oil in a large pot. Add
  garlic & onion & saute till soft.  Do not brown. Add chopped tomatoes
  & stir in well.  After a few minutes, stir in stock & pepper. Simmer
  for 15 minutes. Add salt if desired.
  
  Serve with croutons.
  
  Source Unknown
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER GYROS
 Categories: Lamb, Greek
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Lean ground lamb
      2 sl Homemade bread, toasted and
           -crumbled
      1 ts Allspice, crushed
      1 ts Coriander seed, crushed
      1    Clove garlic, pressed
      1    Onion, grated
      1 ts Fresh savory, chopped
           Salt, to taste
           Freshly ground pepper, to
           -taste
           Bacon slices (optional)
 
  In large bowl, combined all ingredients.  Mix well, kneading until
  mixture is stiff.  Make fingers of meat (about 5-inches longer and
  not over 2-inches in diameter). Place fingers on skewer spacing about
  1-inch apart. Cook over hot coals for 10 to 15 minutes, turning
  frequently until cooked through.
  
  You may wrap the "fingers" on the skewer with sliced bacon. If anyone
  tries this, let me know how it works out.
  
  NOTE:  I have this frequently in Greece and here in the U.S., but as
  I have said, I view it as a "deli" item. Krinos Foods has a "gyros
  kit" that is sold in the frozen food section of some supermarkets.
  
  Recipe:  C. Tenery Deriman on Prodigy -- ID:  KJNX92A
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER HUMMUS
 Categories: Digest, Lacto
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
  1-2 cans garbanzos 1/4 - 1/2 cup fat-free yogurt (opt).
        1 T  lemon juice 2-4 garlic cloves, minced or crushed 1 Pn
  pinch of coriander 4 - 6 drops of toasted sesame oil*
  
  * (optional, negligible fat, adds flavor)  Must be TOASTED SESAME OIL
  (I found in Asian food section of HFS.Very strong flavor, a bottle
  should last for years)
  
  Mash garbanzos (I mash with a potato masher, then run in batches in
  blender, because I like my hummus smooth) Mix in everything else,
  tasting as you go along. Salt can be added, if you like. I also add
  some red pepper on the top before serving. Chilling seems to mix the
  flavors. Serve with pita wedges.
  
  With the sesame oil you really get the taste without all the fat. Play
  around with it.  I have never tasted hummus that was the same, it all
  varies depending on who makes it! Oh yes, cucumber goes well with
  this (on top of pita wedge).
  
  Enjoy! Tyrrell in Texas Tyrrell Courtney
  <tyrrellc@admin.stedwards.edu> Fatfree Digest, Vol. 8, Issue 40, June
  1, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using
  MMCONV
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER IRISH SODA BREAD RECIPE <T>
 Categories: Digest, Mar95
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking soda
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1 lb Raisins
      3 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 ea Caraway seeds to taste
           (usually 1/8 cup
      1 qt Buttermilk
 
  Mix all the dry ingredients in a LARGE bowl. Mix in caraway and
  rasins. Mix in buttermilk. It helps to use your hands to mix this
  because the dough is stickey DO NOT USE AN ELECTRIC MIXER. I did this
  a couple of times and the bread came out very flat. Divide batter
  into two buttered cake pans. Flour a knife and cut a cross into the
  tops of each. Bake at 350 for about an hour. The top should not be
  allowed to get to brown.
  
  Source: It was my Grandmother's (Tom Purcia) recipe from county Mayo
  in Ireland.
  
  Re-Posted by aiko@epoch.com (Aiko Pinkoski) to the Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 16 Issue 11] Mar. 15, 1995.
  
  Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen
  Mintzias, km@salata.com.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER LENTIL LOAF
 Categories: Digest, Nov.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Dry brown lentils, rinsed
      1    Bay leaf
      1 c  Uncooked fine bulgur wheat
      1 c  Soft whole-wheat bread
           Crumbs
      1    Egg substitute, beaten
      1 tb Ketchup
      1 md Onion, chopped
      1    Clove garlic, crushed
      1 ts Dried thyme
      2 ts Dried oregano
      1 ts Dried tarragon
        x  Salt and pepper to taste
      3 tb Tomato paste or tomato
           Sauce
 
  Prep:  Cook lentils and bay leaf in pot with 6 cups water. Bring to a
  boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer until lentils are soft and water
  has been absorbed, about 45 min.
  
  Combine bulgur and 2 cups water in  a med. saucepan. Bring to a boil,
  reduce heat, cover and simmer for about 15 min.
  
  Preheat oven to 350F.  Transfer lentils to a large mixing bowl. Add
  bulgur, and remaining ingredients except tomato paste or sauce. Mix
  well with your hands until thoroughly combined.  Pat mixture into a
  9" loaf pan. Bake for 40 min. until firm but not dry. During last
  minutes of baking, brush top with tomato paste or sauce. Let cool for
  15 min. Cut into slices and serve warm.
  
  This goes wonderfully with mashed potatoes and your favorite
  vegetable! The leftovers taste so good in a pita pocket, and if there
  are mashed potatoes leftover, I stuff the pocket with both.   Mmmm!
  Enjoy!
  
  Nutrition Info per serving:
  
  341 calories, 19g protein, 2g fat, 62g carbohydrate, 28mg cholesterol,
  445mg sodium, 8g fiber.
  
  Posted by "Von Balson, Kathleen" <VBalson@IT.jea.ci.jax.fl.us> to the
  Fatfree Digest [Volume 12 Issue 1], Nov. 1, 1994. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission.
  Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER NEIMAN-MARCUS $250.00 COOKIE RECIPE
 Categories: Cookies, Candy bars
      Yield: 100 Cookies
 
MMMMM------------------------THE REGISTER-----------------------------
      1 c  Butter
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Brown sugar
      2    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Flour
  1 1/2 c  Oatmeal, ground to fine
           -powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
     12 oz Chocolate chips
      4 oz Hershey Candy Bar, grated
           -1/2 an 8 oz bar
  1 1/2 c  Chpd nuts
 
  Preheat oven 375 F. Do not grease cookie sheet. Cream butter with
  sugars. Add eggs and vanilla. Add flour, oatmeal, salt, baking soda
  and baking powder. Add chocolate chips, candy, and nuts. Roll into
  balls; place 2" apart on cookie sheet. Bake 6 mins.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER SLUG TREATMENT
 Categories: Info
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    1/3    To 1/2 c. nonsudsy ammonia
      1 c  ;Water
 
  Combine ingredients in a spray bottle; squirt on slugs.
  
  Reader Mary Jo Forbus of Arlington, WA wrote: "A few squirts are all
  it takes; they die right before your eyes, a very gratifying sight!
  The mixture is harmless to soil and plants. I keep my spray bottle
  nearby when gardening and check the garden twice a day, once early in
  the morning and again late in the evening."
  
  "The In Basket: Letters from Our Readers" in "The Herb Companion."
  April/May 1993, Vol. 5, No. 4.  Pg. 5. Posted by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER SOURDOUGH STARTER #3
 Categories: Breads, Sourdough, Starter
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Kyllikki fuller
 
  Make a starter of 1 bottle stale beer with equal parts of flour. Let
  set as usuall until you have a sourdough starter (about 3 days) then
  mix 1 cup starter with 2 cup warm water, 4 T sugar and 2-1/2 cups
  flour. Beat till smooth. Set in gas oven (turn off) and let sit 28
  hours. Beat in 3 eggs, 1 T salt, 1 Cup sour cream, 1/3 cup bacon
  grease and enough flour to make a soft dough. (about 7-8 cups) knead
  till smooth. Let rise till doubled punch down and let rise again.
  Form into 2 loves. Let rise. Bake 375 about 30 minutes. IT has taken
  anywhere from 3 hours to 12 hours to rise so hang in there. This was
  the sourest sourdough I'd ever eaten but it was to die for. from Kylli
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER SOURDOUGH STARTER *
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Kyllikki Fuller-BHHJ17B
 
  Make a starter of 1 bottle stale beer with equal parts of flour. Let
  set as usuall until you have a sourdough starter (about 3 days) then
  mix 1 cup starter with 2 cup warm water, 4 T sugar and 2-1/2 cups
  flour. Beat till smooth. Set in gas oven (turn off) and let sit 28
  hours. Beat in 3 eggs, 1 T salt, 1 Cup sour cream, 1/3 cup bacon
  grease and enough flour to make a soft dough. (about 7-8 cups) knead
  till smooth. Let rise till doubled punch down and let rise again.
  Form into 2 loves. Let rise. Bake 375 about 30 minutes. IT has taken
  anywhere from 3 hours to 12 hours to rise so hang in there. This was
  the sourest sourdough I'd ever eaten but it was to die for. from Kylli
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER TUNA CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casseroles
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 cn Solid white tuna, drained
      1 cn Cream of mushroom soup
      1 cn Whole mushrooms, drained
    1/4 c  Celery, finely chopped
    1/4 c  Green pepper, finely chopped
      1 lg Can chow mein noodles
           Dash of garlic powder
 
  Combine everything in a casserole dish. Reserve some of the chow mein
  noodles for the topping. Bake at 350F for 25 minutes. Top with
  remaining noodles and return to oven for 5 min.
  
  Source: The warped mind of Linda Fields, Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY
  originally posted: 9/16/92 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOTHER WONDERSLIM-TYPE PRODUCT
 Categories: Digest, Oct., Text, Reference
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           None
 
  For those who like Wonderslim, there's another fruit puree product on
  the market billing itself as a butter substitute for baking:
  
  "Just Like Shortenin'" is made from prunes, apples, and water (no
  lecithin).  Product of The Plumlife Company, 15 Orchard Park,
  Madison, CT 06443.
  
  Label says "Just Like Shortenin' is good enough to eat with a spoon.
  Try that with your current shortening!"
  
  Posted by Michelle Dick <artemis> to the Fatfree Digest [Volume 11
  Issue 12], Oct. 12, 1994. FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by
  Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANOUSHABOUR (CHRISTMAS PUDDING)
 Categories: Desserts, Armenian, Vegetarian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 c  Pearl barley
           -Cold water
      1 sm Piece cinnamon bark
      1 c  Granulated sugar

MMMMM------------------------FOR SERVING-----------------------------
           Ground cinnamon
           Blanched almonds
           Blanched hazelnuts
           Chopped walnuts
           Sultanas (white raisins)
           Rose water (optional)
 
  Serves: 8-10 Cooking time: 2-1/2 hours
  
  Wash barley well, place in a bowl and cover with 4 cups cold water.
  Soak overnight.
  
  Next day put barley, soaking water and cinnamon bark into a heavy pan
  and bring to the boil.  Boil gently, uncovered, until barley is very
  soft and porridge-like in consistency -- about 2 hours. Remove
  cinnamon bark.
  
  Stir in sugar and cook for further 10 minutes.  Turn into individual
  bowls and sprinkle with ground cinnamon. Decorate with nuts and
  sultanas.
  
  Serve warm or chilled with additional nuts and sultanas, and rose
  water for adding to individual taste if desired.
  
  * Source: The Complete Middle East Cookbook - by Tess Mallos * Typed
  for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANT POISON
 Categories: Non-edible
      Yield: 1 Portion
 
      4 tb Honey
      1 tb Water
      1 ts Borax
 
  Blend all ingredients. Can be used indoors. Place near main ant
  roads, but keep out of reach of children and pets. Poisonois!!
  
  From the Danish Consumer Institute.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTEBELLUM RICE BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 tb Melted butter
    1/2 tb Melted shortening
      1 c  Cooked rice
    1/2 c  Cornmeal
      1 ts Salt *
      1 ds Cayenne pepper (optional)
      1 c  Milk
      3    Eggs, beaten
 
  This one is from The Bread Winners Cookbook by Mel London.
  
  This recipe was given to me by an old friend in Savannah, who told me
  that it was a favorite breakfast bread on the plantations.
  
  * The salt, though traditional, may be eliminated if you choose to do
  so.
  
  Place the melted fats and the rice in a heavy saucepan, covered, over
  very low heat.  Mix cornmeal and salt and pepper, then stir milk into
  beaten eggs and blend in the cornmeal. Blend together with the rice
  mixture and put into greased 8- or 9-inch square pan.
  
  Bake at 450 deg.F. until firm when tapped with finger and well
  browned on top--about 25 minutes.
  
  Cut into squares to serve.
  
  Makes 1 to 1 1/2 dozen squares.
  
  NOTE:  This just looked like an interesting combination... and like
  something that would create a little more (or different) texture.. a
  fun bread.  It almost sounds like it might come out a custardy
  bread...
  
  Posted by Kyosho Connick. Reposted by Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIBES CHICKEN SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Poultry, France
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Whole boned chicken breasts
           -with skin (8 oz each)
      2 c  Fennel; diced
      2    Sweet red peppers, roasted,
           -peeled and cut into 1/
      1    Large firm-ripe tomato, seed
           -ed, juiced and cut int
     12    Kalamata olives, pitted, cut
           -into thirds
           Balsamic vinegar dressing (r
           -ecipe follows)
      4 c  Mixed field greens, chilled
           Fresh basil leaves
 
  Poach or bake chicken breasts until tender.  Chill, remove skins and
  all visible fat.  Cut each half breast into 1/3" wide diagonal strips
  (about 2 cups). Place chicken breasts, fennel, red peppers, tomato
  and olives in large mixing bowl.  Toss gently  to combine. To serve,
  mix well with dressing, adjusting seasonings, vinegar and chicken
  broth as necessary. Arrange field greens on chilled  serving plates.
  Mound salad on greens. Garnish with fresh  basil.  Serve immediately.
  Make 4 servings. NOTE: To roast peppers, stand them on a board and
  cut sides off in 4 slabs. Arrange, skin side up, on baking sheet
  lines with foil. Broil 6" from heat until skin is blackened. Wrap in
  foil lining. Slip off skin when cool enough to handle.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIC ANCHO CHILI
 Categories: Beef, Cheese
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Dried ancho chilies
      1 tb Unsalted butter
      1 tb Oil, olive
  2 1/2 lb Stew meat
      1 lg Onions; chopped
      2 tb Minced garlic
      1 tb Tomato paste
    1/4 ts Oregano
      1 ts Cumin
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Black pepper
  1 1/4 c  Beef stock
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
  1 1/2 ts Chopped cilantro
      4 oz Goat cheese, crumbled
 
  Remove stems from chilies and slit leagthwise. Scrape out seeds.
  Place in saucepan, add water and heat to boiling, reduce heat. Simmer
  until tender, about 15 minutes. Set aside. Heat butter with olive oil
  in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Saute beef cubes, a few at a
  time, until well browned. Set aside. Add onions to pot, cook 1
  minute. Add garlic, cook 2 minutes on high then reduce heat and cook
  for 4 minutes. Drain chilies, reserving 1/2 cup liquid. Blend peppers
  with reserved liquid. Add to onions. Return meat and add the other
  ingredients. Heat to boliling then reduce heat and cook covered,
  under low heat for 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Note if the chili is to thin
  just remove the cover and let it render, until it is thick. Serve
  with rice or beans, cover with goat cheese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIC ANCHO CHILI - MEXICAN
 Categories: Ethnic, Chili, Meats, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Dried ancho chilies
      1 tb Unsalted butter
      1 tb Olive oil
  2 1/2 lb Stew meat
      1    Large onion, chopped
      2 tb Minced garlic
      1 tb Tomato paste
    1/4 ts Oregano
      1 ts Cumin
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Black pepper
  1 1/4 c  Beef stock
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
  1 1/2 ts Chopped cilantro
      4 oz Goat cheese, crumbled
 
  Remove stems from chilies and slit leagthwise. Scrape out seeds.
  Place in saucepan, add water and heat to boiling, reduce heat. Simmer
  until tender, about 15 minutes. Set aside. Heat butter with olive oil
  in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Saute beef cubes, a few at a
  time, until well browned. Set aside. Add onions to pot, cook 1
  minute. Add garlic, cook 2 minutes on high then reduce heat and cook
  for 4 minutes. Drain chilies, reserving 1/2 cup liquid. Blend peppers
  with reserved liquid. Add to onions. Return meat and add the other
  ingredients. Heat to boliling then reduce heat and cook covered,
  under low heat for 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Note if the chili is to thin
  just remove the cover and let it render, until it is thick. Serve
  with rice or beans, cover with goat cheese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTICUCHOS
 Categories: Meats, Mexican
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lg Sirloin Steak
      2 lg Garlic Cloves
      4    To 6 Medium Jalapeno Peppers
      1 c  Red Wine Vinegar
  1 1/2 c  Water
      2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      1 ts Oregano
      1 ts Cumin
      1 ts Ground Red Chile
 
  In a blender or food processor, grind the jalapenos and peeled garlic
  to a pulp.  Add all the other ingredients, except the meat, and blend
  well. Cut the meat into 1-inch cubes and place in a large bowl, and
  cover with the marinade.  Marinate overnight or all day. Place the
  meat on skewers and cook on the grill over mesquite wood, basting
  frequently with the sauce. Serve with warm flour tortillas and plenty
  of Mexican beer with lime slices.
  
  From Cow Country Cusine By Kathy G. Mc Craine Copyright 1988
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTICUCHOS PICANTES (SPICIER GRILLED BEEF HEA
 Categories: Varietymeat, Peru, Submitted
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      1 ea Beef heart

MMMMM--------------------------MARINADE-------------------------------
      8 ea Garlic cloves; pressed
      2 ea Chiles, rocoto; stemmed,
           -seeded, minced
      2 tb Cumin, ground
    1/2 tb Oregano, dried
           Salt; to taste
           Pepper, black; to taste
      2 c  Vinegar, wine, red

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
    1/3 c  Chiles, dried, aji; crushed
      1 tb Oil, vegetable
           Salt; to taste

MMMMM----------------------HEAT SCALE = HOT---------------------------
 
    Clean the beef heart thoroughly, removing all nerves and fat. Cut
  into 1" cubes, place in non-reactive bowl, refrigerate and set aside.
    Combine garlic, chiles, cumin, oregan, salt and pepper and 1 1/2
  cups vinegar. Pour over meat. Add more vinegar, if necessary, to
  cover meat completely. Marinate, refrigerated, 12-24 hours. About 1
  hour before grilling, remove meat from marinade and thread on
  skewers. Reserve marinade.
    Soak the crushed chile in 1/3 cup warm water for 30 minutes. In
  processor, combine chiles and water with oil and salt. Add enough
  reserved marinade (3/4 cup) to make thick sauce, puree.
    Brush skewered meat with sauce and grill over hot coals or under a
  broiler, turning and basting to cook quickly on all sides. Best cooked
  medium well, 4-6 minutes on the grill. Serve with remaining sauce for
  dipping.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTI - BUON'APPETITO
 Categories: Appetizers, Italian
      Yield: 1 Meal
 
           Red peppers
           Olives
           Marinated mushrooms
           Artichokes
           Parmesan cheese
           Garlic toast or
           Fresh Italian Bread
 
  Buy or make roasted red peppers, olives, marinated mushrooms and
  artichokes. Include a piece of Parmesan cheese and display on a tray
  along with garlic toast or fresh Italian bread.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTI ALLA NOEMI
 Categories: Appetizers, Seafood, Italian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lb Squid (opt, but highly
           -recommended)
           White wine
     24    Mussels, fresh in-shell; or
     24    Oysters, fresh in-shell
     16    Crab claws, cooked
      1 lb Lobster meat, freshly cooked
     16    Prawns; cooked, peeled
      1 lb Shrimp, med; cooked, peeled
    1/2 lb Shrimp, popcorn; cooked
     16    Lemon wedges
    3/4 c  Olive oil
    1/4 c  Fresh lemon juice
      1 cn Mushrooms packed in oil
      1 c  Mayonnaise
    1/3 c  Catsup
           Brandy; to taste
           Worcestershire; to taste
 
  Have your fish dealer prepare the squid (skin, remove the long bone
  on the inside, the yellow deposit, and the ink sac). Wash the squid
  well, dry thoroughly, and cut crosswise into 1/4" slices resembling
  rings. Poach in white wine to cover just until tender. Drain. Cool to
  room temperature.
  
  Thoroughly wash and scrub the mussels, removing grit and sand. Place
  the mussels in a large pot. Pour in 1/2 cup boiling water, cover and
  steam over medium heat for 5 minutes or until the shells open. They
  should be cooked and served the same day you buy them.
  
  Arrange an assortment of the seafood attractively on 8 plates.
  Garnish with lemon wedges. Whisk together the oil and lemon juice,
  and drizzle the mixture over the seafood. Using a whisk, combine the
  mayonnaise, catsup, brandy, and Worchestershire sauce. Serve a dollop
  of this sauce on each plate.
  
  Venetian cooking allows the delicate flavor of the seafood full rein.
  This antipasto is actually a filling first course.
  
                                From: Ed Gustina
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO
 Categories: Appetizers, Dips
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 ea Green peppers
      1 ea Medium onion
      2 ea Stalks of celery
      3 ea Carrots
      1 ea Garlic clove
    1/2 lb Sliced Mushrooms
      1 ea Flowerets of med cauliflower
      2 tb Oil
      1 cn Tuna fish drained
      1 ea Juice of one lemon
      1 ts Granulated sugar
     13 oz Bottle of ketchup
 
  Finely chop peppers, onion, celery, carrots, garlic, mushrooms and
  cauliflower; cook in hot oil for 5 minutes, mix well. Cook 5 minutes.
  Pour into sterilzed jars, cool and refrigerate. When serving, place
  antipasto in a pretty dish, surround with crackers. Note: Recipe is
  incomplete as it doesn't say what to do with several
        ingredients.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO #1
 Categories: Appetizers, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           Iceberg lettuce
      1 cn (Large) Italian tuna,*
      1    Small jar roasted red -
      1    Small jar green vinegar -
           Peppers,**
           Peppers
           Tomatoes, cut in wedges
           Pitted black olives
           Green olives w/Pimento
           Provolone cheese,***
           Imported ham****
           Genoa Salami****
           Mortadella****
           Pepperoni (large slices)****
 
  *packed in olive oil
  **packed in vinegar and oil
  ***sliced, slices cut in half
  ****Sliced Italian cold cuts, rolled lengthwise
  On platter, arrange lettuce, leaving a hole in the middle large
  enough to hold the can of tuna. Drain oil from the can over the
  lettuce, then place tuna in the middle of platter.
  Divide platter into sections, placing 1/2 slice of cheese in each
  section. On top of cheese, place 1 rolled slice of each type of meat.
  Drain liquid from red pepper jar over all, then randomly place
  peppers, olives, and tomatoes around the platter. Salt and pepper to
  taste, then pour more olive oil over all.
  Eat heartily, accompanied by much loud Italian conversation. In fact,
  I typed this accompanied by much loud Italian conversation. My
  parents were here, and both were shouting instructions over my
  shoulder. They disagreed about the arrangement of the lettuce - my
  mother said that the hole in the middle of the platter was necessary;
  my father insisted that it wasn't, saying you can just dump the tuna
  on top of the lettuce. I finally had to give up on this reply until
  they went home. So now, in the peace and quiet of the aftermath, I've
  finished it. Hope you had a wonderful holiday.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO AGLIO
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     30 lg Cloves fresh garlic
      1    2 oz. can fillets of
           Anchovies
      1 tb Finely chopped parsley
      1 tb Butter melted
      1 tb Olive oil
           Dash tabasco
    1/4 c  Olive oil
           Sardine French bread 2 or
           3 dozen thinly sliced and
           Toasted pieces.
 
  Peel garlic cloves and slice centers 1/8 inch thick. Press ends
  through garlic press to yield 1/4 tsp. Place pressed garlic in small
  bowl with anchovies. Add parsley, butter, 1 tsp. oil, add garlic
  slices and saute to a light golden brown-almost to a potato chip fry.
  Do not over-fry! Spread anchovy paste on toast. Garnish with garlic
  slices.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Ethnic
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2    Loaves frozen bread dough
           -thawed
      1    Jar mixed colored peppers
           -in oil
      1    Egg
           -slightly beaten
    1/2 lb Provolone
           -sliced
    1/4 lb Salami
    1/4 lb Pepperoni
           Oregano
 
  On a lightly floured surface, roll bread dough out, 1 at a time, to
  14x8 inch rectanges.  Brush rolled dough with beaten egg. Use half of
  the ingredients per loaf. Arrange ingredients on bread doutyh.
  Stretch dough and bring down top; bring up bottom of dough and roll
  in jelly-roll fashion.  Seal edges and ends with egg wash. Place on
  bakin gsheet. Repeat second loaf. Cool loaves loosely with towel and
  let rise about 30 minutes. Brush and seal with egg wash.  Bake 30
  minutes at 350F.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO DE VERONA
 Categories: Appetizers, Italian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 md Radicchio heads
    1/4 lb Prosciutto or Bresaola
           - in thin strips
      1 md Celery root; in thin sticks
    1/4 lb Parmesan cheese; in wedges
           Salt
           Pepper
           Extra virgin olive oil
 
  Line individual salad bowls with radicchio leaves. Add equal portions
  of prosciutto and celery roots. Top with wedges of Parmesan. Season
  to taste with salt, freshly ground black pepper and olive oil.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO DI MARE
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  6 1/2 oz Can water-packed tuna
      1 tb Olive oil
           -Black pepper to taste
      1 tb Capers, rinsed and drained
     12    Black olives
      1 lg Tomato, cut in wedges
           -Radishes
      1    Stalk celery, sliced
    1/2    Sweet red onion, thinly
           -sliced, or 1 green or red
           -bell pepper, sliced
           -Fresh lemon juice to
           -taste
           -Crusty French bread or
           -crackers
 
  Here's a different way to serve tuna.
  
  Any combination of fresh raw salad vegetables you choose will work
  very well.
  
  Drain tuna while still in can and invert onto center of large plate.
  Drizzle oil over tuna, season with pepper and sprinkle with capers;
  scatter olives over dish. Arrange vegetables on plateQthose listed
  above or others you like. Season with salt and pepper, sprinkle lemon
  juice over all. Serve with crusty bread or crackers.
  
  Makes two servings.
  
  Nutrients: calories 334, protein 29 grams, fat 12.5 grams,
  cholesterol 46.5 mg, fiber 4.1 grams, sodium 819 mg. (To lower sodium
  content, use fewer olives.)
  
  From the files of Al Rice, North Pole Alaska.    Feb 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO HERO
 Categories: Main dish, Meats, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Loaf Focaccia Bread; About
           -10-Inches In Diameter
    1/4 c  Olive Or Vegetable Oil
      2 tb Red Wine Vinegar
      1 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Dried Oregano Leaves;Crushed
    1/4 ts Red Pepper; Crushed
           Leaf Lettuce
    1/4 lb Provolone Cheese; Sliced
    1/4 lb Fully Cooked Smoked Ham;
           -Sliced
    1/4 lb Salami; Sliced
      2 md Tomatoes; Sliced
      8    Pepperocini: Italian Bottled
           -Peppers, Cut Lengthwise In
           -Half
 
  Cut the bread loaf horizontally in half.  Mix the oil, vinegar, sugar,
  oregano and red pepper together, blending well. Drizzle evenly over
  the cut sides and top halves of the bread. Layer the lettuce, cheese,
  ham, and salami, tomatoes, and peppers on the bottom half of the
  bread. Top with the top half of the bread. Secure the bread with
  toothpicks or small skewers. Wrap securely and refrigerate for up to
  6 hours. Cut into 6 equal pieces and serve.
  
  Nutrition Information Per Serving:
  
  Calories:  470    Protein:  19 Grams    Carbohydrates: 49 Grams Fat:
  22 Grams    Cholesterol:  40 Milligrams
    Sodium: 1040 Milligrams Potassium: 360 Milligrams
  
  Posted by Rich Harper
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO KABOBS
 Categories: Appetizers, Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      8    Salami, casing removed
      8    Pepper, pickled, mild, sm
      2    Zucchini, quarter crosswise
     16    Olives, black, pitted
     16    Tomatoes, cherry, washed &
           Drained
    1/3 c  Oil, olive
      2 tb Lemon juice, freshly squeeze
      1 tb Vinegar, balsamic
    1/4 ts Oregano, dried
      1    Garlic, clove, minced
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper, fresh ground, white
 
  Soak 8 bamboo skewers in cold water for 15 minutes. Drain. Wrap a
  slice of salami around a small pepper. Thread on skewer. Thread on a
  piece of zucchini, an olive, a tomato, then another olive and another
  tomato. Repeat with the remaining skewers.  Set kabobs aside.
  
  Light the coals.  Mix remaining ingredients for dressing. Brush
  kabobs with dressing.  When coals are hot, set kabobs on grill rack
  about 4 to 6 inches from heat source. Grill kabobs for 3 to 4
  minutes, turning once or twice as needed.  Food should be hot and
  beginning to char.
  
  Transfer kabobs to serving dish.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO PASTA SALAD
 Categories: Pasta, Main dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lb Penne, rotini, etc. uncooked
     12 oz Roasted peppers, strips
     12 oz Marinated artichoke hearts
      1 c  Diced muenster, brick,
           -or provolene cheese, etc
      1 c  Mushrooms, sliced
    1/2 c  Chopped red onion
    1/3 c  Chopped fresh basil
    2/3 c  Lowfat caesar or italian
           -salad dressing
           Freshly ground pepper
           Sliced pepperoncine peppers
 
  Prepare pasta according to package directions.  While pasta is
  cooking, combine pepper strips, artichoke hearts, cheese, mushrooms,
  onion and basil in a large bowl.
  
  When pasta is done, drain and rinse with cold water. Drain well and
  add pasta and dressing to bowl; toss well. Cover; refrigerate at
  least 1 hour before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO RICE
 Categories: Sun-dried, Rice, Vegetables, Wrv
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           -Waldine Van Geffen VGHC42A
  1 1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Tomato juice
      1 c  Rice; uncooked
      1 ts Dried basil leavees
      1 ts Dried oregano leaves
    1/2 ts Salt; optional
     14 oz Can artichoke hearts; drain,
           -quarter
    1/2 c  Oil-pk tomatoes; drain, chop
  2 1/4 oz Can sliced rips olives;drain
      2 tb Parsley; chopped
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 ts Ground black pepper
      2 tb Parmesan cheese; grated
 
  Combine water, tomato juice, rice, basil, oregano and salt in a 2 to 3
  quart saucepan. Bring to a boil; stir once or twice. Reduce heat.
  Cover and simmer until rice is tender and liquid is absorbed - about
  15 minutes. Stir in artichokes, tomatoes, olives, parsley, lemon
  juice and black pepper. Cook 5 minutes longer or until thoroughly
  heated. Sprinkle with cheese. Source: The Sonoma Dried Tomato
  Cookbook (wrv)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Cauliflower;small in small
      3    Carrots; large, thinly slic
      1    Green pepper; diced
      1 c  Black olives
  2 1/2 c  Pasta; rotini
           Dressing:
  1 1/4 c  Oil; vegetable or corn
    3/4 c  Vinegar; cider
      2    Garlic cloves; peeled & min
      1 ts Sugar; granulated
           Salt & pepper
 
     In large bowl, toss together cauliflower, carrots, green pepper and
  olives. Cook rotini in large pot of boiling salted water till tender
  but firm about 8 to 10 minutes, drain and rinse in cold water.
  Dressing: Combine oil, vinegar, garlic and sugar, adding salt and
  pepper to taste; mix well. Pour all but  1/3 cup dressing over salad,
  tossing to mix, reserve remaining dressing. Cover and refrigerate
  overnight. Just before serving, taste and readjust seasonings and add
  remaining dressing if necessary.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO SALAD I
 Categories: Salads, Pasta, Appetizers, Vegetarian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Cauliflower,small
           -in small flowerettes
      3    Carrots; large, thinly slic
      1    Green pepper; diced
      1 c  Black olives
  2 1/2 c  Pasta; rotini

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
  1 1/4 c  Oil; vegetable or corn
    3/4 c  Vinegar, cider
      2    Garlic cloves; peeled & min
      1 tb Sugar
           Salt & pepper
 
  In large bowl, toss together cauliflower, carrots, green pepper and
  olives. Cook rotini in large pot of boiling salted water till tender
  but firm about 8 to 10 minutes, drain and rinse in cold water.
  Dressing: Combine oil, vinegar, garlic and sugar, adding salt and
  pepper to taste; mix well. Pour all but  1/3 cup dressing over salad,
  tossing to mix, reserve remaining dressing. Cover and refrigerate
  overnight. Just before serving, taste and readjust seasonings and add
  remaining dressing if necessary.
  
  Source: _The Canadian Living Cookbook_ by Carol Ferguson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO SALAD II
 Categories: Salads, Italian, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 c  Whole button mushrooms
      1 c  Canned artichoke hearts
      1 tb Olive oil
      1 c  Balsamic vinegar
      2 tb Red wine, optional
      1 ts Basil
      1 ts Oregano
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Black pepper
      1 ea Romain lettuce, chopped
      1 ea English cucumber, sliced
      2 ea Stalks celery, julienned
      4 lg Tomatoes, cut into eighths
      4 ea Green onions, cut in half
           -- lengthwise
    1/2 c  Radishes, quartered
 
  In a large bowl, combine mushrooms, artichoke hearts, olive oil,
  vinegar, wine, basil, oregano, salt, pepper. Toss, set aside & let
  marinate at room temperature for 30 minutes.
  
  Arrange chopped lettuce on a large platter, strain mushrooms &
  artichokes from the marinade & place in centre of lettuce. Arrange
  remaining vegetables around centre. Drizzle remaining marinade ove
  antipasto & serve.
  
  "Vegetarian Times" July, 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO SALAD PLATTER
 Categories: Salads, Appetizers
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Olive or salad oil
      1 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Crushed red pepper
      1    Clove garlic
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
    1/4 ts Freshly ground black pepper
      1 tb Snipped fresh basil*

MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      1 tb Salt
      8 oz Radiatori or other pasta
    1/2 c  Cubed red pepper
    1/2 c  Cubbed green pepper
    1/4 lb Provolone cheese, cubed
     20 oz Can Garbanzo beans, drained
    1/4 lb Salami (slice into quarters)
    1/4 c  Small pitted black olives
      1 tb Salad oil
      4    Med mushroom,washed & sliced
      2 tb Chopped parsley
 
  * OR 1 teaspoon dried basil leaves NOTE: Make Dressing First.... Make
  dressing in a jar with a tight fitting lid, combine oil, lemon juice,
  1 teaspoon salt, black pepper, red pepper, garlic, and basil; shake
  until well combined. Cook pasta: In a large kettle bring 3 quarts
  water, salt and salad oil to a boil. Add pasta; bring back to
  boiling; cook uncovered stirring occasionally with long fork to
  prevent sticking, just until tender. ~ about 7 to 8 minutes. Do not
  over cook. Drain well; do not rinse. Turn into large bowl; add
  dressing; toss to combine. Cool completely. To pasta mixture, add
  green and red peppers, sliced mushrooms, provolone cheese, garbanzo
  beans, salami, olives, and parsley; toss lightly to combine. Turn
  into serving bowl; Refrigerate covered 1 hour.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO SALAD WITH GARLIC DRESSING
 Categories: Salads, Italian, Low-cal
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
 15 1/2 oz Can garbanzo beans, drained
  6 1/2 oz Marinated artichoke hearts
    1/2 c  Roasted red peppers
    1/4 c  Black olives, pitted,
           -drained, and sliced
      2 bn Romaine lettuce, torn into
           -bite-size pieces
    1/2 c  Low-fat salami, sliced
    1/2 c  Part-skim mozzarella cheese
    1/4 c  Parmesan cheese, freshly
           -grated

MMMMM----------------------GARLIC DRESSING---------------------------
      2 tb Olive oil
      1 tb Tarragon vinegar
  1 1/2 ts Tarragon vinegar
    1/4 ts Prepared mustard
    1/4 ts Worcestershire sauce
      1    Clove garlic, crushed
      1 ds Pepper
 
  This salad is pretty hardy, but to turn it into a main dish salad,
  just add pasta shells, bows, or tortellini. Salad: Place beans,
  artichoke hearts, roasted peppers and olives in salad bowl; add
  lettuce, Pour salad dressing over all and toss well. Arrange salami
  on salad greens. Sprinkle both cheeses over top. Dressing: Shake all
  ingredients in tightly covered jar. Makes about 1/4 c dressing.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO SKEWERS
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 lg Seasonal melon, peeled --
           Cut into 36 cubes
    1/2 lb Prosciutto -- sliced
           Paper-thin
      1 lb Italian fontina cheese --
           Cut into 36 cubes
     36    Black olives -- (best
           Quality)
           Olive oil -- for drizzling
           Freshly ground pepper -- for
           Garnish
 
  1. Wrap each cube of melon in a piece of prosciutto.
  
  2. On each of 36 skewers, thread a cube of cheese, an olive, and a
  prosciutto-melon cube. Place skewers in a tightly sealed container.
  
  3. At serving time, drizzle with olive oil and dust with pepper.
  
  Makes 3 dozen skewers.
  
  Recipe By     : The California Culinary Academy
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO SPREAD
 Categories: Appetizers, Vegetarian, Italian
      Yield: 7 Cups
 
      2 x  4-oz cans mushroom stems and
           -pieces, drained and finely
           -chopped
      1    14-oz can artichoke hearts,
           -drained and finely chopped
      1    10-oz jar pimiento-stuffed
           -olives, drained and finely
           -chopped
      1    6-oz can ripe olives,
           -drained and finely chopped
    1/4 c  Chopped green pepper
    1/2 c  Chopped celery
    3/4 c  Vinegar
    3/4 c  Olive oil
    1/4 c  Instant minced onion
  2 1/2 ts Italian seasoning
      1 ts Onion salt
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Seasoned salt
      1 ts Garlic salt
      1 ts Sugar
      1 ts Cracked black pepper
 
  Combine first 6 ingredients, mixing well; set aside. Combine remaining
  ingredients in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Pour dressing over
  vegetables; place in a large jar with a tight-fitting lid. Shake jar
  to stir ingredients; refrigerate overnight. Serve spread with
  assorted crackers.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIPASTO VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Low fat, Appetizers
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Canned low-sodium chicken
           Broth, undiluted
    1/4 c  White wine vinegar
      1    (2-ounce) jar diced pimiento
           Drained
      1 tb Dried Italian seasoning
      2 tb Lemon juice
      2 ts Sugar
      2 ts Dijon mustard
      2 ts Olive oil
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Combine all ingredients in a jar; cover tightly and shake vigorously
  to blend.  Shake well before serving.
  
  Per Serving:  75 Calories (22% from fat) Fat 1.8G (Saturated Fat 0.4G)
  Protein 3.4G Carbohydrate 12.0G Cholesterol5MG Sodium213MG
  
  I had some modifications: I omitted the celery (Yuck!) I omitted the
  pepperoncini peppers (Yuck!) I doubled the artichoke hearts (Yum!!) I
  used large mushrooms sliced, since there weren't small ones at the
  store I had no Italian seasoning, so I used about a tablespoon of
  oregano and a tablespoon of basil, and it worked out fine. I
  increased the olive oil by about a teaspoon.
  
  You could use a light cheese tortellini or a different type of
  tortellini, or even bow-tie pasta or something, to lessen the fat
  content. This tasted the best after it had marinated for about 2 days.
  
  Recipe taken from "Low Fat Ways to Cook Pasta" by Susan M. McIntosh
  and modified by Valerie Goldstein
  
  To be used with the Party Antipasto recipe.  The nutritional info
  includes that recipe also. Converted to MM by Donna Webster
  Donna@webster.demon.co.uk Submitted By DONNA@WEBSTER.DEMON.CO.UK On
  TUE, 31 OCT 1995 151630 GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTIQUE APPLES
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 c  Water
      2    Regular tea bags
      1 c  Sugar
        pn Cinnamon and ginger
      2    Strips lemon zest
      3 lb Golden delicious -OR-
           - gravenstien apples
    1/2 c  Orange marmalade
      2 tb Triple sec
      4    Lemon slices for garnish
 
  Bring 4 cups of water to boil. Remove from heat add tea bags, sugar,
  spices and lemon zest. Let stand about 5 minutes. Peel, core, and
  quarter apples. Remove tea bags and bring liquid to boil again. Cook
  apples in liquid about 5 minutes or just til cooked through. Remove
  with slotted spoon and place in serving dish to cool. In small pan,
  combine marmalade and liqueur, bring to simmer,stirring well. Pour
  over apples, garnish with the quartered lemon slices.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTLERS
 Categories: Holiday
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Pair White gloves (available
           At drug store)
           Flexible headband
           Ribbon
           Bells
           Fiberfill
           Straight pins
           White thread
           Needle
           Scissors
           Fabric paints
 
  Cut each glove into 2 sections, making a straight cut through the palm
  between the middle & ring finger. Start with 3 fingered sections. Turn
  inside out. Stitch the cut edges together. Turn right side out. Stuff
  fingers with fiberfill, making sure they are packed tight & leaving a
  short section at the cuff unstuffed. Wrap cuff tightly around
  headband. Pin in place to the stuffed part of the glove. Using double
  thread, stitch the cuff to the glove, pulling thread tightly so
  antlers stand up. Repeat with other glove. Paint. Make bows from
  ribbons & stitch onto base of antlers. Stitch a few bells in center
  of bows. Submitted By THESERVS@GATE.NET (THOMAS E. HAUG)  On TUE, 14
  NOV 1995 183925 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTOINE'S CREAM OF MUSHROOM SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 tb Butter
     20 md Mushrooms; sliced
    1/4 c  Sherry
      3 c  Chicken stock
      2 c  Heavy cream
    3/4 c  Sherry
           Salt and pepper (to taste)
           Chicken-Hazelnut Quenelles
      2 tb Hazelnuts; skins removed,
           - and chopped
 
  To roast the hazelnuts you should place them on a sheet pan and put
  them in a 400øF oven for 2 to 3 minutes, or until the outside skin
  starts to break away.  Rub the hazelnuts together so that the outer
  dark skins flake off. You do not want to toast them, you just want
  the skin to loosen up.
  
  In a large skillet place the butter and heat it on medium high until
  it has melted.  Add the mushrooms and saut them for 4 to 5 minutes,
  or until they are brown. Add the 1/4 cup of sherry and deglaze the
  pan. Add the chicken stock.  Cook the ingredients on medium heat for
  12 to 15 minutes, or until the liquid is reduced by 1/2.
  
  In a small saucepan place the 3/4 cup of sherry.  Cook it on medium
  high heat for 4 to 6 minutes, or until it is reduced by 3/4.
  
  Add the reduced sherry, salt, and pepper to soup, and stir them in.
  
  In each of 4 individual serving bowls place 3 of the Chicken-Hazelnut
  Quenelles.  Ladle the soup on top. Sprinkle on the hazelnuts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTOINE'S OYSTERS ROCKERFELLER
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 tb Butter
    1/2 c  Bread crumbs
      2 c  Fresh chopped spinach
           -or-
      2 pk (10-oz) frozen spinach
    1/2 c  Parsley
    1/2 c  Diced celery
      2 tb Diced onion
      1 tb Pernod liqueur; or Anisette
    1/4 ts Salt
      3 dr Tabasco
     18 lg Oysters
 
  Melt butter; add crumbs and saute 1 minute, stirring constantly.
  Combine with other ingredients, except oysters, in blender until
  smooth. Arrange oysters in shells (or individual dishes). Top each
  with 1 tablespoon spinach mixture and broil 3-5 minutes or until
  lightly browned.
  
  Source: HIGH COTTON COOKIN', Marvell Academy Mothers' Assn, Marvell,
  AR
  
  From Glen Hosey's Recipe Collection Program, hosey@erols.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTOJITOS (FILLED MINI TORTILLA CUPS)
 Categories: Miamiherald, Appetizers, Diary/eggs, Ethnic, Mexican
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 lg Flour tortillas
      2 oz Crumbed goat cheese
    1/2    Tomato; minced
      1    Jalapeno; minced
      2 oz Grated queso blanco
      2 tb Minced red bell pepper
      2 tb Finely chopped cilantro
    1/8 ts Hot chili powder
      2 oz Monterey Jack cheese; thinly
           -sliced
      2    To 3 tb cooked black beans
 
  Using a cookie cutter, cut 6 rounds out of each tortilla and make a
  1/2 inch cut at opposite sides of each one. Press the 24 rounds into
  mini muffin tins. Preheat oven to 440 degrees F.
  
  For the Goat Cheese antojitos: Place crumbled goat cheese in the
  center of each of 8 tortillas cups. Arrange tomato on one side and
  the jalapeno on the other to replicate the bands of color on the
  Mexican flag.
  
  For the Monterey Jack antojitos: Place a small slice of cheese in the
  bottom of 8 tortilla cups, cover with black beans and top with the
  remaining cheese.
  
  For the Queso Blanco antojitos:  Mix together the queso blanco,
  cilantro, red bell pepper, and chili powder and divide among 8
  tortilla cups.
  
  To finish the recipe: Place the muffin tins on the middle rack of the
  oven and bake 3-4 minutes or until the edges of the tortilla cups
  begin to color.  Serve at once.
  
  Source: Kitchen Tropicale, Miami Herald, 9/14/95 format: 8/9/96, Lisa
  Crawford
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTS CLIMBING UP A TREE
 Categories: Pork
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Pork shoulder steak, boned
           -and finely chopped, not
           -ground
      2 tb Soy sauce, light
      2 tb Chinese rice wine or dry
           -sherry
      1 ts Ginger; grated
      6    Scallions; thinly sliced
      1 c  Finely chopped cabbage or
           -Napa (celery cabbage)
      1 oz Chinese dried mushrooms,
           -soaked in water for 2
           -hours,
           Drained and finely chopped
           -(reserve the water)
      4 c  Oil, peanut; for deep frying
      1    Package (4 ounce) glass
           -noodles (sai fun)
      2    Garlic cloves, chopped
      1 tb Hot bean sauce
        pn Sugar, granulated
           Pepper, black; to taste
      2 tb Cornstarch dissolved in 2
           -tablespoons water
      1 tb Oil, sesame, toasted
 
  Iceberg lettuce leaves, 2 or 3 for each person Bone and finely chop
  the pork. Do not grind this as you want very small pieces to "climb"
  on the branches of the noodles. Marinate the pork in the soy, wine
  and ginger for about 15 minutes. Slice the green onions. Finely chop
  the cabbage and mushrooms, reserving the soaking water from the
  mushrooms. Heat the oil in a wok until it is just beginning to smoke.
  Use good ventilation in your kitchen for this one! Open the noodle
  package and undo them a bit. Drop into the hot fat in small batches.
  They will immediately puff up into wonderful white crunchy noodles.
  Turn quickly to be sure that all of them are cooked. Remove from the
  pan and drain on paper towels. Be very careful with this. You could
  burn yourself. Set the noodles aside. Heat another wok or frying pan
  and add 1 Tablespoon of the peanut oil. Add the chopped garlic and
  toss for a moment. Add the meat and marinade and stir fry, mixing it
  about, until the meat is tender but not dry, about 3 minutes on high
  heat. Remove the meat mixture and add the vegetables to the wok. Stir
  fry over high heat for 3 more minutes. Return the meat to the pan and
  add the hot bean sauce, sugar and black pepper. Stir fry for 1 minute
  and then add the cornstarch dissolved in the water. Stir until the
  sauce thickens. If you have too little sauce, add a bit of the water
  in which you have soaked the mushrooms. Add the sesame oil and stir.
  Place the fried noodles on a large platter and pour the meat and
  vegetable mixture over the noodles. Do this carefully so that the
  little pieces of pork and mushrooms will cling to the "branches".
  Toss at the table in front of your guests. Each person then takes a
  bit of noodle and meat sauce and places it in the center of a lettuce
  leaf. Roll it up like a burrito and enjoy. Serves 6-8 as part of a
  Chinese meal Source: The Frugal Gourmet Cooks With Wine From The
  Cookie Lady's Files
  
  Submitted By   CHEF BRUCE HANNA
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTS CRAWLING UP TREES
 Categories: Vegetarian, Grains
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  TVP
    1/2 c  Hot water
      1 tb Chopped or grated ginger
           Root
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1    To 2 Tbsp hot bean paste
    1/2 ts Salt (optional)
  3 1/2 oz Bean thread noodles
      2 c  Veggie broth or water (avoid
           Broth that may have a sweet
           Taste)
 
  Pour the boiling water over the TVP and let it sit for 10 minutes.
  Saute the gingerroot in a very small anount of oil or other liquid.
  Add the soy sauce, bean paste, salt and TVP. Cook very very gently
  and stir frequently as it burns easily. Cook about 5 minutes and set
  aside.
  
  Cook the bean threads in the broth until the broth has been absorbed
  by the noodles. Add the noodles to the TVP mixture and stir until
  blended evenly...ie. all the "ants" are distributed throughout. Enjoy!
  
  Source: This is a dish that was a favorite at our local Chineses
  eatery. I used to make it with ground turkey (before I saw the light)
  and have found that TVP works just as well. It's hot and
  spicy...delicious and just a little different.
  
  Posted by Ann Christmann <ACHRISTMANN@CSUNET.CTSTATEU.EDU> to the
  VEGLIFE Digest - 5 Apr 1995 to 6 Apr 1995. 1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTS IN THE SAND
 Categories: Kids, Snacks
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Graham crackers
           Chocolate sprinkles
 
  Place graham crackers in a plastic sandwich bag and crush with a
  rolling pin.  Add a few chocolate sprinkles to make ants, then seal
  the bag. Give them to the kids to take outside and eat or let them
  pour it into a small bowl and eat at the table--using their fingers,
  of course. Variations: Add raisins (call them beetles), red hots
  (ladybugs) or mini chocolate chips (spider eggs).  Source: Healthy
  Treats and Super Snacks for Kids
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANTS ON THE HILL (CHINESE STYLE BEEF)
 Categories: Chinese, Beef
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------BINDER--------------------------------
      2 ts Cornstarch
    1/4 c  Chicken soup stock, or
           Canned chicken broth

MMMMM--------------------------MARINADE-------------------------------
      1 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts Black pepper
    1/4 ts Baking soda
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 tb Oyster sauce
      1 ts Sesame seed oil
      1 tb Dry sherry, gin or vodka,
           Optional

MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------
      1 lb Ground chuck, sirloin or
           Beef stew
      3 c  Fried cellophane noodles
      3 tb Corn, vegetable or
           Safflower oil
      1 ts Minced fresh garlic OR
      2 lg Cloves garlic, minced
      2 tb Fresh scallions OR
      1    Scallion with green top,
           Diced

MMMMM--------------------------NOODLES-------------------------------
      3 c  Oil
      2 oz Cellophane noodles
 
  Before you start:Mix binder ingredients in cup or small bowl until
  smooth.Set aside.Mix marinade ingredients together in medium bowl
  until smooth. 1. Add beef to marinade in bowl and blend well.Set
  aside. 2. Spread fried cellophane noodles evenly on serving platter.
  3. Heat skillet or wok on high for 30 seconds.Add oil and swirl to
  coat skillet for 30 seconds longer.Add garlic.Stir fry for 15
  seconds. Add beef and marinade.Stir fry for 2 minutes,until beef
  loses its pink color. 4. Add binder to beef in skillet and blend
  well.Cook 1 minute. 5. Spoon cooked beef evenly over noodles.Garnish
  with scallions sprinkled on top. Serve hot with rice and salad or
  vegetable of your choice. Yields 4 to 6 servings.
  
  Noodles: 1. Heat 3 cups of corn,vegetable or safflower oil almost to
  smoking, about 375 degrees. 2. Unwrap and drop in one package (2 oz.)
  cellophane noodles. 3. Within 3 seconds,the noodles will puff up and
  turn white and crunchy. 4. With slotted spoon or wire mesh
  strainer,turn noodles over and deep fry for several seconds. 5.
  Remove from hot oil and drain on paper towels. May be stored in a
  tightly covered container for about a week. Makes 5 cups fried
  noodles.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANY FLAVOR PUDDING PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  FLOUR
    1/2 ts SALT
    1/3 c  SHORTENING
      1 tb SHORTENING
      3 tb WATER
      1 pk SMALL INSTANT PUDDING
      1 c  MILK
      8 oz SOUR CREAM
 
  COMBINE FLOUR AND SALT. ADD SHORTENING AND MIX UNTIL MIXTURE RESEMBLES
  CORNMEAL. ADD 2 TO 3 TABLESPOONS WATER SO MIX FORMS SMALL PEA SHAPED
  BALLS. ROLL TO A THICKNESS OF 1/8 INCH. PLACE IN PIE PLATE AND POKE
  HOLES IN BOTTOM WITH A FORK. BAKE AT 425 DEG F. UNTIL GOLDEN BROWN.
  FILLING: MIX PUDDING MIX, SOUR CREAM, AND MILK AT SLOW SPEED FOR 1
  MINUTE. POUR INTO BAKED PIE SHELL.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANYTHING'S BETTER THAN SEX CAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
      1 pk Devil's Food Cake Mix
      4    Eggs
    1/2 c  Oil
    1/4 c  Water
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 pk Chocolate pudding mix
           [instant]
      8 oz Sour cream
    3/4 c  Chocolate chips
    3/4 c  Pecans
           For the Frosting
    1/2 c  Melted butter
      1 c  Brown sugar [packed]
           Evaporated milk
           Powdered sugar
 
  A wedge of lime may be added.
   Preheat oven to 400 degrees for 10 minutes.  1.
   Beat eggs until light. Mix in both cheeses, pepper and nutmeg until
  2. Stir in broccoli. Set aside. 3. Roll out pastry large enough to
  fit into a 9 inch deep dish quiche 4. Pour filling into crust. Bake
  30 minutes. Clean broccoli. Trim off flowers into bite-size pieces,
  lightly peel broccoli stalks and sliced into diagonal medallions.
  Heat wok on high add oil and when the oil is hot, add garlic and
  stir-fry 10 seconds. Add broccoli, stir-fry rapidly until the
  broccoli is covered in oil. When the wok is no longer oily, add a
  splash of water or chicken stock and continue to fry, stirring
  constantly for 3 minutes, replenishing water/chicken stock whenever
  wok becomes dry. Toss in mushrooms, stir, add oyster sauce, stir,
  cover and simmer at medium heat two minutes. Serve. Trim off the
  stems and remove any limp leaves from the Brussel Sprouts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANYTIME ARTICHOKES
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2    Fresh Artichokes *
           Miracle Whip
    1/2    Lemon
      1    Bay Leaf
           Salt
           Pepper
 
  * Artichokes should have stems, top 1" of cone, tough bottom leaves
  and leaf tips trimmed.
  ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~------------- ~-- Place artichokes in a large pot and add enough
  water to cover artichokes halfway.  Add lemon, bay leaf and salt.
  Heat to boiling over medium high heat. Reduce heat and cook covered
  until bottoms are tender when pierced with a knife, about 20 minutes.
  Drain Well. Serve with a small dish of Miracle Whip for dipping
  leaves and heart. From: Syd's Cookbook.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANYTIME BREAKFAST BURRITOS
 Categories: Cincodemayo
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Sour cream (regular, light
           -or non-fat)
      2 tb Taco seasoning mix
      6    Eggs
      6    Flour (8-inch) tortillas,
           -heated
    3/4 c  Shredded Cheddar cheese
      1 c  Shredded romaine lettuce
      1 md Ripe tomato, seeded, chopped
 
  In small bowl stir together sour cream and taco seasoning mix; set
  aside. In medium bowl whisk eggs with 2 tablespoons water until
  well-beaten. Pour eggs into 10-inch skillet sprayed with no-stick
  cooking spray. Cook over medium low heat, stirring occasionally,
  until eggs are set (3-5 minutes). To assemble burritos, spread about
  2 tablespoons sour cream mixture over each warm tortilla. Top with
  1/6 eggs, cheese, lettuce and tomato. Roll up tightly; serve warm.
  Makes 6 servings.
  
  Northwest News Home & Garden by Karen Diefendorf www.nwnews.com Cinco
  de Mayo recipe
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANYTIME BROCCOLI CHEESE SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn (10 1/4 oz) Campbell's NEW
           -Broccoli Cheese Soup
    1/3 c  Milk
 
  Combine soup and milk.
  
  CONVENTIONAL STOVE:  Over medium heat, heat until hot and bubbling,
  stirring often.
  
  MICROWAVE OVEN:  Microwave, uncovered, on HIGH for 5 minutes or until
  hot and bubbling, stirring halfway through heating.
  
  Serve over vegetables such as broccoli, cauliflower and carrots.
  
  Makes 1 1/2 cups.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; October 14 1992.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANYTIME CAKE
 Categories: Ww, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Pam Courson DWHV03B
    1/2    Med. banana; mashed
      1 pk Chocolate or double fudge
           -Alba 77
      1 tb Flour
      1 pk Sugar twin (not Equal or
           -Sweet n'low)
        ds Molly McButter or other
           -butter flavoring
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      2 dr Rum, almond, or coconut ext.
 
  Mix ingredients well.  Bake in 4" x 4" pan coated with non-stick
  spray at 350 deg. for 15 min.  1 Fr, 1 M,
      1/3    B(or 25 opt cal)
  
  Reformatted for MM by Penny Schenck  nfsm70b
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANYTIME CRUNCH BARS
 Categories: Candies, Microwave, Nuts, Chocolate
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      6 oz Semisweet chocolate chips; (
    1/2 c  Peanut butter chips
    1/3 c  Margarine
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Crisp rice cereal
      1 c  Quick cooking rolled oats
    1/4 c  Peanut butter chips
      1 ts Oil
 
  ~-----------------------------------Glaze:------------- ~-----------
  Grease 9 inch square or round pan. In med; micro safe bowl, combine
  chocolate chips, 1/2 cup peanut butter chips and margarine. Microwave
  on MEDIUM for 2-3 stirring halfway through cooking. Stir until
  smooth. Remove from heat; stir in vanilla. Add cereal and oats; stir
  until well coated. Press in greased pan. To prepare glaze, in small,
  microwave safe bowl, combine glaze ingredients. Microwave on MEDIUM
  for 1-2 minutes; stir until smooth. Drizzle over bars. If desired,
  refrigerate until set. Cut into bars.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANZAC BISCUITS
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      1 c  All purpose flour
      1 c  Rolled oats
    3/4 c  Coconut, shredded, unsweetnd
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Baking powder, double acting
           Stick + 2 tb butter, unsalt
      2 tb Lyle's Golden Syrup *
 
    *  available at specialty food shops and many supermarkets
       [Editor's Note:  this may just be corn syrup, like Karo's] In a
  large bowl, stir together the flour, oats, coconut, sugar, and baking
  powder. In a small saucepan, combine the butter and syrup and cook
  the mixture over moderately low heat, stirring, until the butter is
  melted. Pour the butter mixture into the flour mixture and combine
  the batter well. Drop heaping tablespoons of the batter 2 inches
  apart onto a buttered baking sheet and flatten them slightly with the
  back of a fork dipped in water. Bake the cookies in the middle of a
  preheated 300F degree oven for 15 minutes, or until they are golden.
  Let the cookies cool slightly on the baking sheet, transfer them with
  a spatula to a rack and let them cool completely.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ANZAC BISCUITS (COOKIES)
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Fine sugar
      1 ts Treacle (golden corn syrup)
    1/4 lb Butter
      1 ts Baking soda
    3/4 c  Coconut, flaked
      1 c  Oatmeal
    3/4 c  Plain flour
      2 tb Boiling water
 
  ANZAC day is celebrated in Australia on April 25.  On this day in
  1915, the ANZACs (Australian and New Zealand Army Corps) landed at
  Gallipoli, and suffered the worst defeat in Australian military
  history. The fallen soldiers of all wars are now commemorated on
  ANZAC day. Another cookbook stated that these cookies were sold to
  raise money to help returned veterans.
  
  In saucepan place butter, treacle, soda, sugar and mix with boiling
  water. Bring slowly to boil, remove and add dry ingredients. Mix
  well. Place spoonfuls about 3 inches apart on well greased cookie
  tray. Bake at 275F about 25 min.
  
  Source:  The Down Under Cookbook c. 1987 Graeme Newman, Albany, New
  York. converted from his mother's handwritten cookbook to US
  measures. Shared by Elizabeth Rodier 6/93 (not yet tested)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APACHE STEW
 Categories: Native amer, Stews
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2    Red bell peppers
      5    Green anaheim chiles
    1/4 c  Sunflower oil
      1 lb Venison, cut into 1 1/2 inch
           -cubes
      1    Onion, diced
      3    Garlic cloves, finely
           -chopped
      2    Carrots, sliced
      3 c  Cooked Indian hominy
      8 c  Water
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts White pepper
      1 c  Tumbleweed greens,
           -thoroughly cleaned, or
           -curly endive
 
  Roast the peppers, then peel, seed, and cut into long strips.  Roast
  the chiles, then peel, seed, devein and dice.
  
  Heat the oil in a large stew pot over medium-high heat.  When the oil
  is almost smoking, add the venison and cook until the meat is lightly
  browned, 3 to 5 minutes.  Add the onion and garlic and saute 2
  minutes more.
  
  Stir in the carrots, peppers, and chiles and cook 1 minute more.  Add
  the hominy, water, salt, and pepper and bring the mixture ot a boil.
  Reduce the heat to low and let the stew simmer 1 1/2 hours, stirring
  occasionally to prevent burning, until the meat is very tender.  Just
  before serving, add the tumbleweed greens, stir 1 minute and spoon
  into bowls. *****
  
  The Apache people lived in many regions throughout southeastern
  Arizona and New Mexico.  The men hunted the animals that roamed the
  mountains, and the women gathered and harvested both wild foods and
  the foods that they cultivated on the land.
  
  This recipe is based on a traditional stew that was taught to me by a
  San Carlos medicine man during one of my visits to his ranch.  When I
  prepare the stew now, I can vividly remember the tapping of his
  traditional water drum and the songs he chanted in his native Apache
  tongue. Through his songs, he asked for all people to walk in harmony
  with Mother Earth and be guided by the spirit of the mountains and
  the spirit of his drum. I still remember the sincerity and yearning
  of his songs.
  
  Depending on what type of produce was available, the ingredients
  added to the venison varied each time the stew was prepared.  This
  recipe includes the basics of the stew, but you can substitute other
  vegetables.
  
  From "Native American Cooking," by Lois Ellen Frank
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APFELPFANNKUCHEN (APPLE PANCAKES)
 Categories: German, Fruits, Breakfast, Desserts, Cakes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Flour; Unbleached, Unsifted
      2 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      4 ea Eggs; Large, Beaten
    1/2 c  Milk
      2 c  Apple; Slices
    3/4 c  Butter Or Margarine
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
 
  Sift together the flour, 2 t sugar, and the salt. Beat eggs and milk
  together.  Gradually add flour mixture; beat until smooth. Saute
  apples in 1/4 c of butter until tender. Mixt 2 T sugar and the
  cinnamon together; toss with apples.  Melt 2 T butter in a 6-inch
  diameter, deep frypan. Pour in the batter to a depth of about
  1/4-inch. When set, place 1/4 of the apples on top; cover with more
  batter.  Fry pancake until lightly browned on both sides.  Keep warm.
  Repeat the procedure 3 times, until all batter and apples are used.
  Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APFELPFANNKUCHEN (GERMAN APPLE PANCAKES)
 Categories: Fruits, Penndutch, Breakfast, German
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lg Cooking apples (Yellow
           -Delicious, or Granny Smith)
    1/4 c  Butter
      1 c  Flour
      1 c  Milk
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Nutmeg, grated
           Confectioners sugar
 
  Preheat oven to 475.  Peel, core and very thinly slice the apples: you
  should have approximately 1-1/2 cups. Melt 3 T sp. of the butter over
  medium low heat in a small fry pan, and saute the apples until they
  are just tender.  Keep apples warm while preparing the batter.
  
  Place a 9 or 10 inch cast-iron skillet in the oven to heat for at
  least 5 minutes--the pan has to be very hot for this to work. When it
  is well heated, add the remaining 2 T sp. of butter to melt and put
  the skillet back in the oven;  the butter should be very hot buy not
  brown when you add the apples and the batter.
  
  Place the flour, milk, vanilla, salt and nutmeg in a blender and whirl
  until smooth.  Remove the skillet from the oven, quickly arrange the
  warm apple slices over the melted butter, and pour the batter evenly
  over all. Bake for 15 min., reduce heat to 375 and bake 10 min
  longer. The pancake will puff and climb up the sides of the pan.
  Sprinkle with confectioner's sugar, then cut in wedges and serve with
  maple syrup.
  
  Note:  If you do not use apples, add 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) butter to
  the hot skillet.
  
                                  From  Cooking From Quilt Country
  Submitted By LISE WARING <HOBBIT@MAIL.UTEXAS.EDU> On TUE, 19 DEC 1995
  093841 GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APFELQUARKKUCHEN (APPLE & CREAM KUCHEN)
 Categories: German, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------CAKE---------------------------------
      1 pk Yeast; Dry, Active
    1/2 ts Salt
      4 tb Sugar
      2 c  Flour; Unbleached, Unsifted
    1/4 c  Butter or Margarine
    1/2 c  Milk
      1 ea Egg; Large

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      3 c  Apples; Tart, Sliced
      1 tb Lemon Juice
      1 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour; Unbleached
      8 oz Cream Cheese; Softened
      1 ea Egg; Large
 
  CAKE: Mix yeast, salt, 4 T sugar, and 3/4 cup flour. Add butter to
  milk. Heat until very warm (120-130 degrees F.). Gradually add milk
  to flour mixture.  Beat for 2 minutes. Add egg and 1/2 cup flour.
  Beat with an electric mixer on high speed for 2 minutes.  Mix in
  enough flour to form a soft dough.  Knead for 5 to 10 minutes, until
  dough is shiny and elastic. Place in greased bowl and let rise for 1
  hour or until doubled in bulk. Pat dough into well-greased 10-inch
  springform pan pressing the dough 1 1/2 inches up the sides of the
  pan. FILLING: Toss apples with lemon juice, cinnamon, 1/4 cup sugar,
  and 2 T of flour. Arrange in rows on top of the dough. Beat together
  cream cheese, 1/2 cup sugar, and egg. Spread over apples.  Let rise
  in warm place for 1 hour. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 30 minutes.
  Best when served warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APFELQUARKKUCHEN (APPLE & CREAM KUCHEN)
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------CAKE---------------------------------
      1 pk Yeast; Dry, Active
      4 tb Sugar
    1/4 c  Butter or Margarine
      1    Egg; Large
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  Flour; Unbleached, Unsifted
    1/2 c  Milk

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      3 c  Apples; Tart, Sliced
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2 tb Flour; Unbleached
      1    Egg; Large
      1 tb Lemon Juice
    3/4 c  Sugar
      8 oz Cream Cheese; Softened
 
  CAKE: Mix yeast, salt, 4 T sugar, and 3/4 cup flour. Add butter to
  milk. Heat until very warm (120-130 degrees F.). Gradually add milk
  to flour mixture. Beat for 2 minutes. Add egg and 1/2 cup flour. Beat
  with an electric mixer on high speed for 2 minutes. Mix in enough
  flour to form a soft dough.  Knead for 5 to 10 minutes, until dough
  is shiny and elastic. Place in greased bowl and let rise for 1 hour
  or until doubled in bulk. Pat dough into well-greased 10-inch
  springform pan pressing the dough 1 1/2 inches up the sides of the
  pan. FILLING: Toss apples with lemon juice, cinnamon, 1/4 cup sugar,
  and 2 T of flour. Arrange in rows on top of the dough.  Beat together
  cream cheese, 1/2 cup sugar, and egg. Spread over apples.  Let rise
  in warm place for 1 hour. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 30 minutes. Best
  when served warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APFELSCHAUM (APPLE MOUSSE)
 Categories: Desserts, German
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 lg Tart apples, peeled, cored
           -and sliced
      3    Egg whites
           Grated peel of 2 lemons
      6 tb Sugar
    1/4 l  White wine (1 cup plus 1
           -Tbsp)
           For baking:
     30 g  Butter (2 Tbsp)
      2 tb Sugar
 
  Central Swabia
  
  In the wine, stew the apples until tender and mushy. Force through a
  sieve. Add the sugar and lemon peel. Meanwhile, beat the egg whites
  to stiff peaks and then carefully fold into the apple mixture. Fill
  the whole into a buttered ovenproof dish (Jena Glass*), dust with 2
  tablespoons sugar, and slowly bake at 250 degrees F for about half an
  hour.
  
  Serves 4.
  
  ((*Note:  Jena Glass is similar to Pyrex.  K.B.))
  
  From:  D'SCHWAEBISCH' KUCHE' by Aegidius Kolb and Leonhard Lidel,
  Allgaeuer Zeitungsverlag, Kempten. 1976. (Translation/Conversion:
  Karin Brewer) Posted by: Karin Brewer, Cooking Echo, 8/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APFELSTRUDEL (APPLE STRUDEL)
 Categories: German, Fruits, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 c  Apples; Tart, Sliced
    3/4 c  Raisins
      1 tb Lemon Rind; Grated
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Almonds; Ground
      8 oz Fillo Leaves; 1/2 Box,Thawed
  1 3/4 c  Butter;(No Margarine),Melted
      1 c  Bread Crumbs; Finely Crushed
 
  Mix apples with raisins, lemon rind, sugar, cinnamon, and almonds. Set
  aside.  Place 1 fillo leaf on a kitchen towel and brush witl melted
  butter. Place a second leaf on top and brush with butter again.
  Repeat until 5 leaves have been used, using about 1/2 c of butter.
  Cook and stir bread crumbs with 1/4 c of butter until lightly
  browned. Sprinkle 3/4 cup crumbs on the layered fillo leaves.  Mound
  1/2 of the filling in a 3-inch strip along the narrow end of the
  fillo, leaving a 2-inch border. Lift towel, using it to roll leaves
  over apples, jelly roll fashion. Brush top of the strudel with butter
  and sprinkle with 2 T crumbs. Repeat the entire procedure for the
  second strudle. Bake the strudels at 400 degrees F. for 20 to 25
  minutes, until browned. Makes 2 strudels, 6 to 8 servings each. NOTE:
  Frozen fillo leaves for strudel can be found at most supermarkets in
  the frozen foods sections.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APFELTORTE (APPLE CAKE)
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      8    Small apples
    1/2 c  Raisins
      2 ts Rum or rum extract
    3/4 c  Sugar; plus 3 tbsp, divided
      1 ts Chocolate; grated
    3/4 c  Butter or margarine; plus 2
           -sp, divided
      1 ts Vanilla
      3    Eggs
      1 ts Lemon extract
  1 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      3 ts Almonds; ground
           Apricot jam
           Powdered sugar; sifted
 
  Filling: Peel and core apples. Combine raisins, rum, 1 tablespoon of
  the sugar and the grated chocolate in small saucepan. Bring to boil.
  Set aside while preparing batter. Batter: Preheat oven to 350
  degrees. Lightly grease bottom of 10 1/2" springform pan. Cream 3/4
  cup of the butter, 3/4 cup of the sugar and vanilla together. Beat in
  eggs, 1 at a time, and lemon extract, beating until light and fluffy.
  Sift flour, baking powder and cinnamon together. Gradually beat into
  creamed mixture. Turn batter into prepared pan; arrange apples on
  top. Fill apple centers with raisin mixture. Dot with 2 teaspoons of
  the butter. Bake @ 350 degrees, 45 minutes. Sprinkle with mixture of
  ground almonds and remaining 2 tablespoons sugar. Bake 10 to 15
  minutes longer until apples are tender. Remove from oven. Brush jam
  over apple opening and sprinkle icing sugar over cake portion.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APHRA DE JACQUES
 Categories: Garlic, Appetizers
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Monterey Jack cheese
     30    Cloves fresh garlic
      4 c  Peanut oil
      1 tb Italian seasoning
      3    Eggs beaten
      2 c  All-purpose flour
      3 c  French bread crumbs
      3 tb Chopped fresh parsley
      1 sm Jar Marinara Sauce
 
  Slice cheese into 30 slices about 1/4 inch thick. Peel garlic and
  slice each clove lengthwise into about 6 ovals. Heat oil in deep,
  heavy saucepan over medium-low heat. Add garlic ovals and simmer 5 to
  7 minutes, being careful not to burn or brown cloves. Remove slices
  as they float to the surface and are light brown in color. Drain on
  paper towel. Reserve oil for cheese.  Mince garlic and mix with
  Italian seasoning. Spread half the cheese slices evenly with garlic
  mixture. Press remaining cheese slices on each of make 15 bars. Dip
  flour-coated pieces into egg again, then into bread crumbs mixed with
  parsley.  Be sure to cover sides.
   Reheat oil to medium-high and fry cheese in oil a few pieces at a
  time until lightly browned (takes about 2 minutes). Skim particles
  from oil as they accumulate. Drain cheese on paper towels and keep
  warm until all are fried.  Serve with toothpicks and Marinara Sauce
  for dipping. Makes about 30 pieces.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APHRODISIAC BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      1 tb Dry yeast
    1/2 c  Warm water
  1 1/2 c  Unbleached white flour
      2 tb Oil
    1/2 ts Curry powder
      2 pn Parsley
    3/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Garlic minced
 
  In a large bowl, sprinkle yeast into water & dissolve. Add the rest
  of the ingredients in order & beat well. On a floured surface, knead
  dough lightly for 5 minutes. Form into a round bread & set aside
  until its has doubled. Preheat oven to 350F & bake for 45 minutes
  till light brown.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APIO
 Categories: Cyberealm, Kooknet, Jewish
      Yield: 4 -6servings
 
MMMMM---------------------FOR THE MAIN DISH--------------------------
    3/4 c  Water
      1 tb Olive or vegetable oil
      2 tb Fresh squeezed lemon juice
      1 tb Sugar or to taste
    1/2 ts Salt
      3 md Carrots, cut into 1/4" thick
           .slices, about 1 1/2 cups
      1 lg Celeriac, peeled, cut
           .cross-wise into 3/8" slices
           .and each slice cut into
           .quarters

MMMMM------------------THICKENER FOR THE SAUCE-----------------------

MMMMM--------------------------OPTIONAL-------------------------------
      1 tb Potato starch
      1    -2 Tb cold water
 
  In a medium saucepan, combine the 3/4 cup water, oil, lemon juice,
  sugar and salt. Bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in the carrots.
  Cover the pan and lower the heat. Simmer the carrots for 3 minutes.
  Then gently stir in the celeriac so that all the pieces are coated
  with the sauce. Cover the pan and simmer the vegetables together for
  about 10-12 minutes longer, or until they are just tender. If a
  thicker sauce is desired, combine the potato starch and cold water
  until well combined and stir the paste into the hot sauce. Continue
  to heat and stir the vegetables until the sauce thickens and simmers.
  Remove from the heat, serve hot, at room temperature or chilled.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APLETS
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      4 tb Plain gelatin
      2 ts Lemon juice
  2 1/4 c  Unsweetened applesauce
      2 c  Chopped nuts
      2 ts Vanilla
      4 c  Sugar
           Confectioners' sugar
 
  Aplets are a great bar cookie for summertime or school lunch boxes! In
  Washington State, and other places where they are marketed, you can
  buy Aplets and Cotlets and Grapelets. With this recipe you can make
  your own.
  
  APLETS
  
  In cup or small bowl stir gelatin into 1 cup applesauce; set aside
  until gelatin dissolves. In medium saucepan stir sugar into remaining
  applesauce. Add gelatin dissolved in applesauce. Over medium heat,
  stir constantly and bring to boil; turn heat to lowest setting and
  simmer 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add lemon juice last 5
  minutes of cooking. Remove from heat. Add vanilla and nuts. Pour into
  buttered 8-inch square pan. Cover loosely and let stand overnight.
  When firm, cut into 1 inch squares. Roll in confectioner's sugar.
  
  The recipe says it makes about 3 dozen squares.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APLETS & COTLETS
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 64 Servings
 
      3 tb Gelatin
      3 c  Apple juice or unsweetened
           -apricot juice
  1 1/3 c  Granulated sugar
      2 tb Each lemon and lime juice,
           -or more as needed
    2/3 c  Cornstarch
      2 c  Walnuts, chopped
      1 c  Powdered sugar
 
  Makes about 64 small cubes
  
  Soften the gelatin in 1/2 cup of the apple juice. Boil remaining
  juice with the sugar for 15 minutes to concentrate it. Mix the lemon
  and lime juice, and add all but 1/4 cup cornstarch to dissolve it in
  the mixture. Add both gelatin mixture and cornstarch mixture to the
  boiled juice and boil again rapidly for 10 minutes until very thick,
  stirring constantly. Taste for sweet and sour and add more lemon
  juice if wanted.
  
  Mix in the walnuts and pour mixture into a 9-by-9-by-2-inch baking
  pan that has been dipped in cold water. Let paste harden 12 hours or
  overnight, then cut with a sharp knife into squares. Mix together the
  reserved 1/4 cup cornstarch and powdered sugar. Remove squares with a
  spatula and roll each in the powdered sugar mixture (the cornstarch
  helps keep the sugar dry).
  
  I Hear America Cooking From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APLETS & COTLETS
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 64 Cubes
 
      3 tb Gelatin
      3 c  Apple juice or unsweetened
           -apricot juice
  1 1/3 c  Granulated sugar
      2 tb Each lemon and lime juice,
           -or more as needed
    2/3 c  Cornstarch
      2 c  Walnuts, chopped
      1 c  Powdered sugar
 
  Soften the gelatin in 1/2 cup of the apple juice. Boil remaining
  juice with the sugar for 15 minutes to concentrate it. Mix the lemon
  and lime juice, and add all but 1/4 cup cornstarch to dissolve it in
  the mixture. Add both gelatin mixture and cornstarch mixture to the
  boiled juice and boil again rapidly for 10 minutes until very thick,
  stirring constantly. Taste for sweet and sour and add more lemon
  juice if wanted.
  
  Mix in the walnuts and pour mixture into a 9-by-9-by-2-inch baking
  pan that has been dipped in cold water. Let paste harden 12 hours or
  overnight, then cut with a sharp knife into squares. Mix together the
  reserved 1/4 cup cornstarch and powdered sugar. Remove squares with a
  spatula and roll each in the powdered sugar mixture (the cornstarch
  helps keep the sugar dry).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APOTHECARIES' WEIGHTS
 Categories: Info/tips
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------APOTHECARIES' WEIGHTS------------------------
 
  NOTE: Use these if you plan to mix old time perscriptions.
  
  1 scruple                    20 grains 1 dram 3 scruples 1 ounce 8
  drams 1 pound
       12    ounces
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPA (HOPPERS>
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 ts Yeast
      2 ts Sugar
     25 ml Warm water
    225 g  Rice flour
           -salt to taste
    300 ml Thick coconut milk
 
  Dissolve the yeast and sugar in the water and set aside for 5 minutes.
  Sieve the flour and salt into a bowl, add the coconut milk, yeast and
  sugar and mix to form a smooth batter. Cover and leave overnight.
  Grease a hopper pan, heat it over a moderate heat and pour 75 ml of
  batter into the pan. Tilt the pan so batter forms a round shape,
  cover with the lid and cook until done. Ease the hopper from the pan
  with a blunt knife. From "A taste of Sri Lanka" by Indra Jayasekera,
  ISBN #962 224 010 0
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPALACHIA MOUNTAIN FUDGE
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Diana Lewis-VGWN37A
  4 1/2 c  Sugar
           Salt
    1/4 lb Butter
      1 cn Lg evaporated milk
     12 oz Semi-sweet chocolate chips
      5    Hersery bars
      1 pt Marshmallow cream
 
  In large bowl put in the chocolate bars (broken bits) and the
  marshmellow cream. Grease a 9X13 inch cake pan with butter or
  margarine. In a fairly deep pot put in the sugar , salt, milk, and
  butter. Mix well put on medium heat stirring constantly until it
  comes to a full boil. Let boil for 13 minutes (exactly) remove from
  stove pour over chocolate bits, milk chocolate and marshmellow cream.
  Beat till smooth Refridgerate for about 2 to 3 hours Cut into pieces.
  keep refridgerated so it will stay moist and creamy can be frozen
  will not turn white. this makes a ton of fudge also you can add
  walnuts or pecans JUDY-OHIO
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPALACHIAN BEAN LOAF
 Categories: Beans
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Beans -- mashed
      2 c  Soft bread crumbs
      2    Eggs -- beaten
      1 tb Butter
           OR bacon drippings
    1/4 ts Pepper
           Milk
           Salt
      2 tb Onion -- chopped
 
  Combine all ingredients using enough milk to moisten. Pack firmly
  into well buttered loaf pan.  Bake at 350F for 1 hour or until firm.
  Serve with tomato sauce.
  
  Recipe By     : The Little Mountain Bean Bible Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPEL-FLASK (SMOKED BACON WITH ONIONS & APPLE
 Categories: Sweden, Meats, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Butter
      1 lb Canadian bacon
      2 lg Red tart cooking apples;
           -unpeeled, cored & cut into
           -1/2" thick rings
      2 lg Onions; thinly sliced
           Fresh ground pepper
 
  Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a heavy skillet. When foam subsides
  add the bacon. Fry 5 to 10 minutes or until the bacon is lightly
  browned. Remove from skillet and set on paper towels to drain. Fry
  the onion slices for 6 to 8 minutes in the fat remaining in the
  skillet, adding more butter as necessary. When the onions are soft
  and transparent, add the apple rings and cover the pan. Simmer over
  low heat for 5 to 10 minutes, shaking the pan gently at intervals to
  prevent the apples from sticking. When the apple rings are
  sufficiently cooked (they should offer little or no resistence when
  pierced with the tip of a sharp knife or skewer), return the drained
  bacon to the skillet. Cover and simmer an additional 3 to 5 minutes
  or until the bacon is heated through. Grind fresh black pepper
  liberally over the top and serve directly from the pan as a luncheon
  entre or Sunday night supper.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER BEAN CON QUESO
 Categories: Appetizers, Carnation
      Yield: 21 Servings
 
      5 qt Que Bueno Precooked Refried
           - Beans; prepared according
           - to label; heated
     10 oz Green chiles; diced
      1 lb Cheese; cheddar, monterey
           - jack or american; grated
      9 oz Cheese; as above
           Tortilla chips, crisp
 
  1.  Combine refried beans and diced green chiles. Place 1 cup bean
  mixture in oven-proof serving dish. Top with 1 ounce grated cheese.
  2. Place under broil or in microwave over until cheese is melted.
  Serve immediately with crisp tortilla chips. May be gaarnished with
  sour cream, chopped green onions or sliced ripe olives, if desired.
  
  Makes 21 appetizer servings. Each appetizer serves 2.
  
  Note: The above ingredients may also be used for burrito filling. To
  prepare, place 1 cup heated bean mixture in large warm flour
  tortilla. Top with 1 ounce grated cheese. roll and fold envelope
  style. Serve. Makes 21 burritos.
  
  Source: Carnation Company
  
   -- ---
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER CHEESE BALL
 Categories: Cheese, Appetizers
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      8 oz Cream Cheese; Room Temp.
      4 oz Blue Cheese, Crumbled
      4 oz Cheddar Cheese; Shredded
      2 ts Mustard; Dijon-style
      1 ts Worcestershire Sauce
    1/8 ts Garlic Powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Pecans; Finely Chopped
    2/3 c  Currants
    3/4 c  Parsley; Chopped

MMMMM--------------------------DIPPERS-------------------------------
      1 x  Assorted Crackers
      1 x  Apple Wedges
 
  Place the cream cheese, blue cheese, cheddar cheese, mustard,
  Worcestershire, garlic powder, and salt in a mixer bowl and beat at
  low speed just until well mixed. Stir in the pecans and currants.
  Taste and adjust seasoning.  Refrigerate the cheese mixture for 30
  minutes or until slightly firm, then shape into a ball. Roll in the
  chopped parsley to coat well. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate
  until ready to serve. Let stand at room temperature for about 30
  minutes before serving. Place on a platter surrounded with crackers
  and apple wedges.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER EGG ROLLS
 Categories: Appetizers, Eggs, Meats
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Pork; Boneless, Cut Julienne
      1 ea Onion; Small, Sliced
      1 c  Cabbage; Green Or Chinese *
      2 tb Vegetable Oil
    1/2 c  Mushrooms; Sliced
    1/4 c  Sprouts; Bean Or Alfalfa
    1/4 c  Currants
    1/4 c  Almonds; Slivered
      1 ts Cornstarch
      2 tb Sherry; Dry
      1 tb Soy Sauce
    1/2 ts Ginger
     12 ea Egg Roll Wrappers; Abt 6" Sq
      1 x  ;Oil For Deep Fat Frying

MMMMM--------------------GINGER APRICOT SAUCE-------------------------
    1/4 c  Apricots; Dried (Abt. 10)
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1 ts Ginger
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 tb Lemon Juice
 
  * Cabbage should be shredded.
  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++++++ Saute the pork, onion, and cabbage in hot oil
  until lightly browned. Stir in the mushrooms, bean sprouts, currants,
  and almonds and saute, stirring for 1 minute.  Dissolve the
  cornstarch in 2 T water, and combine with sherry, soy sauce, and
  ginger; add to the pork mixture and bring to a boil, stirring.
  Remove from heat and cool.  Stack the egg roll wrappers and cut in
  half to form rectangles. Forming one roll at a time, place a heaping
  a teaspoonful of pork mixture on one end of rectangle, moisten the
  long edges, and roll up.  Press the edges together to seal. Egg roll
  may be prepared to this point, then refrigerated for several hours or
  overnight or frozen for several days before frying. Adjust time for
  browining. If rolls are frozen, let them thaw before cooking. Heat
  the oil to 375 degrees F. and fry the egg rolls, 4 or 5 at a time,
  until golden brown and crisp on all sides.  Frying will take about 4
  to 5 minutes; turn rolls once. Drain on paper towels and keep warm
  while frying the remaining rolls. Serve with warm Ginger Apricot
  Sauce. GINGER APRICOT SAUCE: Combine the apricots, sugar, ginger, and
  salt with 3/4 cup water in a small saucepan and bring to a boil.
  Reduce heat and simmer, uncoverd, for 5 minutes. Pour the mixture
  into a blender container or food processor. Add lemon juice, cover
  and process until smooth. Serve warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER FROM BLACK GRAPES (MANTALA OD GROZD
 Categories: Fruits, Appetizers, Snacks
      Yield: 18 Pieces
 
           Grapes (for 1 gallon juice)
  1 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Lemon juice
 
  Crush grapes until you have a gallon of juice; strain and cook boiling
  until 1/2 liquid is left.  Add slowly 1 1/2 (cups? -KM) whole wheat
  flour, stirring constantly over low flame. Add 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
  and 2 cups sugar before flour.  Add lemon juice.  Pour into 9 x
  13-1/3 x 2-inch deep pan.  Let cool in pan 2 days. Slice in 2x3 inch
  squares. Serve with drinks.
  
  Source: Anka Prkacin "Our Favorite Recipes" St. Anthony Croatian
  Catholic Church Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER HAM BALL
 Categories: Spreads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 cn (4.5-oz) deviled ham
      3 tb Chopped stuffed green
           Olives
      1 tb Prepared mustard
           Tabasco sauce to taste
      1 pk (3-oz) cream cheese
           Softened
      2 ts Milk
 
  Blend deviled ham, olives, mustard and tabasco. Form in ball on
  serving dish; chill/. Combine cream cheese and milk; frost ball with
  mixture. Chill; remove from refrigerator 15 minutes before serving.
  Trim with parsley. Pass assorted crackers.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER KABOBS
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
 
  Wrap 1 inch cubes of sharp process American cheese in partially cooked
  slices of bacon.  Wash fresh mushrooms, don't soak or peel, or use
  canned mushroom crowns. Alternate bacon cheese cubes and mushrooms on
  skewers along with stuffed green olives and cocktail weiners. Leave a
  little space between tidbits on the skewer. Rotate over coals till
  bacon and mushrooms are done and cheese is melty.  Brush mushrooms
  with melted butter or margarine, or salad oil while cooking. Tastes
  good with catsup, mustard or soy sauce added.
  
  From: Randy Rigg                      Date: 10 Feb 96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER RIBS
 Categories: Pork
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
  3 1/2 lb Spareribs -- cut into
           Individual
           Salt and pepper
      2 c  Water
           Garlic salt
      8 oz Bottle Russian salad
           Dressing
      6 oz Can pineapple juice
 
  Sprinkle ribs with salt and pepper.  Place in slow-cooking pot; pour
  water over them.  Cover and cook on low for 6 to 7 hours or until
  tender. Drain. Arrange ribs on broiler pan; sprinkle with garlic
  salt. Make sauce by combining salad dressing and pineapple juice.
  Brush ribs with half the sauce. Broil until brown; turn, brush other
  side and brown.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER SHRIMP KABOBS
 Categories: Appetizers, Fish, Holiday
      Yield: 3 Dozens
 
MMMMM------------------------NORMA WRENN-----------------------------
      2 lb Unpeeled large fresh shrimp
    1/2 c  Lemon juice
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
    1/4 c  Soy sauce
      3 tb Fresh parsley; chopped
      2 tb Onion; finely chopped
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      1    Clove garlic; minced
 
  Peel shrimp, and devein, if desired; set aside. Combine lemon juice
  and remaining ingredients except shrimp in a shallow dish; set aside.
  
  Arrange shrimp on 6-inch bamboo skewers, and place marinade, turning
  to coat.  Cover and refrigetate 2 to 3 hours.
  
  Remove shrimp from marinade, reserving marinade. Place shrimp on rack
  of a lightly greased broiler pan. Broil 6 inches from heat 3 to 4
  minutes on each side, basting occasionally with remaining marinade.
  Serve hot or cold.
  
  Source:  Southern Living 1991 Annual Recipes - Oxmoor House
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER SURPRISE
 Categories: Appetizers, Cheese/eggs, Dips, Harned 1994, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
     14 oz Can artichoke hearts
      1 c  Parmesan cheese
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
    1/2 c  Sour cream
      8 oz Cream cheese
           Garlic salt; to taste
           Dill weed; to taste
           Paprika
 
  Drain and chop artichoke hearts finely and set aside. Mix remaining
  ingredients until smooth and creamy. Add artichoke hearts and mix
  well. Place in long shallow dish that has been greased or sprayed
  with non-stick spray. Sprinkle with paprika.  Bake at 375 F. for
  approximately 20-25 minutes, or until bubbly and brown.
  
  Serve with Ritz crackers, or dipping cracker of your choice. Keep warm
  while serving.
  
  The original poster wrote: "Great for parties...I rarely tell anybody
  the ingredients until they have tasted this dish. Most think it is a
  warm "crab dip"; all are amazed that it is artichokes.
  
  Posted on WWiVNet, source unknown.  Electronic format by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER TORTILLA ROLLUPS (FAT-FREE)
 Categories: Appetizers, Mexican
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pk Flour tortillas; jumbo
           -sized, fat-free
      2 pk Cream cheese; fat-free
      1 cn Rotel tomatoes with chilies;
           - drained
      4 ea Green onions; finely chopped
 
  Mix the cream cheese, rotel tomatoes w/chilies and green onions to
  make a paste...you may need a little of the juice drained from the
  rotel, so reserve it just in case.
  
  Spread the mixture about 1/4 inch thick on tortillas. Refrigerate for
  about an hour before slicing.  For Christmas, you can also tint the
  mixture with food coloring.
  
  Serve with salsa, or if you are not worried about fat grams, queso.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER WIENERS
 Categories: Appetizers, Diabetic, Microwave, Meats
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      4    Beef Wieners
    1/4 c  Ketchup
      3 tb Water
      1 tb Mustard
      1 ts Worcestershire Sauce
    1/4 ts Onion Powder
 
  Cut the wieners into eighths and place them on a microwave bowl or
  paper plate.  Combine the remaining ingredients in a small bowl.
  Brush half of the mixture over the wieners.
  
  With the microwave on HIGH, cook for 1-1/2 minutes, rotating the plate
  one-half turn after 1 minute. Brush with the remaining sauce mixture.
  
  Continue cooking on HIGH for 1 minute.  Place a toothpick in the top
  of each wiener piece.
  
  One Serving: Calories: 43 Carbohydrates: negligible
  
   Exchange: 1/3 high-fat meat
  
  Source: Diabetic Microwave Cookbook, by Mary Jane Finsand
         Sterling Publishing (1989), ISBN 0-8069-6957-1,
         ISBN 0-8069-6960-1 (pbk.)
  
  Shared by:  Norman R. Brown
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZER: BACON-WRAPPED SHRIMP WITH CREAMY H
 Categories: Main dish, Seafood, Cheese
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     24    Uncooked large shrimp,
           Peeled and deveined
     24    Canned whole water chestnuts
           Drained
     12    Bacon slices, cut crosswise
           In half
      6 tb (3/4 stick) unsalted butter

MMMMM---------------------------------------------------------------
      1    8-oz. package cream cheese,
           Room temperature
    1/2 c  Mayonaise
    1/2 c  Sour cream
      3 tb Prepared horseradish
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
           Hot pepper sauce (Tobasco)
           White Pepper
 
  Wrap 1 shrimp around 1 water chestnut.  Wrap in 1 bacon piece and
  secure with toothpick.  Repeat with remaining shrimp, water chestnuts
  and bacon. Melt 3 tablespoons butter in heavy large skillet over high
  heat. Add half of shrimp and cook until bacon browns, anbout 2-1/2
  minutes per side. Transfer to large gratin dish. Repeat with
  remaining butter and shrimp.
  
  Preheat broiler.  Beat cream cheese in medium bowl until smooth. Add
  remaining ingredients and beau until blended. Season with salt. Spoon
  sauce over shrimp. Broil until top is golden brown. Divide shrimp
  among plates and serve.
  
  From the KELLY HOTEL, a restored stagecoach house in Ripley, New York.
  
  SOURCE: Bon Appetit Favorite Restaurant Recipes Volume II
  
  Shared by Cate Vanicek
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPETIZERS - HAM BISCUITS
 Categories: Appetizers, Pork
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 pk Pepperidge farm party rolls
      1 lb Chopped ham
      1    Margarine; softened
      1 sm Onion; chopped
      3    Prepared mustard
      3    Poppy seeds
 
  Recipe by: clays@mindspring.com (Clay Stovall) Mix margarine, onion,
  mustard and poppy seeds together. spread mixture on top side of rolls.
  Cover bottom halves with ham, assemble and bake 10 minutes at 400
  degrees
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE  BUTTER  IN  A  CROCK  POT
 Categories: Sauces, Crock pot, Butters
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      5 c  Apples (cooked and mashed)
      5 c  Sugar
      2 tb Vinegar
 
  Boil applesauce on high heat, then add sugar and vinegar. I hold the
  cinnamon until last 1/2 hour because I think it evaporates some. Cook
  on high heat (about 4 hours) until the apple butter is as thick as
  you want it when you cool and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE  PIE  (NO  SUGAR)
 Categories: Pies/pastry, Diabetic
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Apple
    1/2 c  Frozen apple juice
           Concentrate, undiluted
      2 ts Tapioca or cornstarch
    1/2    To 1 tsp. cinnamon
 
  Mix apples and all ingredients until well coated; pour into pastry
  shell and top with pastry.  Bake at 425 degrees for 40 to 45 minutes.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & ALMOND MACAROON PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Recipes
 
      6 tb Sweet butter
      3 tb All-purpose flour
      1 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Sugar
      3 lg Egg yolks
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla extract or
           -cognac vanilla *
      1    Or 2 Tb Calvados
           -(apple liquor)
      4 lg Tart apples, peeled, cored
           -and thinly sliced
      5 lg Egg whites
      1 pn Salt
      4    Almond macaroons, dried
           -and crumbled

MMMMM-----------------------VANILLA SAUCE----------------------------
    1/2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 tb Cornstarch
      1 pn Salt
      1    Sliver of lemon peel
      1 c  Water
      3 tb Butter
      1 ts Vanilla extract or
           -cognac vanilla *
 
  * To make cognac vanilla, get a fresh, fresh vanilla bean, cut
  lengthwise and then crosswise exposing the tiny tiny seeds. Put into
  an airtight container and pour on 2.5 oz. cognac or brandy per bean.
  Every 2 or 3 days, shake the bottle. After about 2 or 3 weeks, you'll
  have a new taste sensation in vanilla flavoring.
  
  Preheat oven to 375 F
  
  Melt 3 T of the butter in a heavy saucepan.  Add flour and blend in
  well until smooth.  Slowly add the milk, stirring constantly with a
  whisk, over medium heat; cook until the mixture thickens, about 1
  minute. Add 1/2 C sugar and beat hard.  Add the egg yolks, blending
  them in well. Remove the pan from the heat and add the vanilla, the
  Calvados or brandy. Set aside, but keep it warm.
  
  Melt the reaming butter in a skillet.  Add the apples, sprinkled with
  the remaining sugar and gently sauté until tender, about 7 or 8
  minutes.Beat the egg whites with the salt until they hold stiff
  peaks. Fold a small amount into the egg yolk mixture just to lighten
  it up a little, then fold in the rest of the whites. Place half the
  apples in a buttered shallow 1.5 quart baking dish. Cover the apples
  with half the egg mixture. Add the remaining apples and sprinkle with
  the macaroon crumbs. Cover the apples and macaroon with the remaining
  egg mixture, filing the dish almost to the rim.Bake until the top is
  golden brown and the pudding is fairly firm, 25 to 30 minutes.  Serve
  at once with Vanilla Sauce.
  
  VANILLA SAUCE: Combine the sugar and cornstarch in a saucepan and mix
  well. Add the salt, lemon peel and water.  Bring to a boil and cook
  over medium-high heat until the sauce is clear, 5 to 7 minutes.
  Discard the lemon peel and add the butter. Remove the pan from the
  heat and stir in the vanilla. If you want it creamier, add 1 or 2 T
  heavy whipping cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & ALMOND MACAROON PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Recipes
 
      6 tb Sweet butter
      3 tb All-purpose flour
      1 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Sugar
      3 lg Egg yolks
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla extract or
           -cognac vanilla *
      1    Or 2 Tb Calvados
           -(apple liquor)
      4 lg Tart apples, peeled, cored
           -and thinly sliced
      5 lg Egg whites
      1 pn Salt
      4    Almond macaroons, dried
           -and crumbled

MMMMM-----------------------VANILLA SAUCE----------------------------
    1/2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 tb Cornstarch
      1 pn Salt
      1    Sliver of lemon peel
      1 c  Water
      3 tb Butter
      1 ts Vanilla extract or
           -cognac vanilla *
 
  * To make cognac vanilla, get a fresh, fresh vanilla bean, cut
  lengthwise and then crosswise exposing the tiny tiny seeds. Put into
  an airtight container and pour on 2.5 oz. cognac or brandy per bean.
  Every 2 or 3 days, shake the bottle. After about 2 or 3 weeks, you'll
  have a new taste sensation in vanilla flavoring.
  
  Preheat oven to 375 F
  
  Melt 3 T of the butter in a heavy saucepan.  Add flour and blend in
  well until smooth.  Slowly add the milk, stirring constantly with a
  whisk, over medium heat; cook until the mixture thickens, about 1
  minute. Add 1/2 C sugar and beat hard.  Add the egg yolks, blending
  them in well. Remove the pan from the heat and add the vanilla, the
  Calvados or brandy. Set aside, but keep it warm.
  
  Melt the reaming butter in a skillet.  Add the apples, sprinkled with
  the remaining sugar and gently sauté until tender, about 7 or 8
  minutes.Beat the egg whites with the salt until they hold stiff
  peaks. Fold a small amount into the egg yolk mixture just to lighten
  it up a little, then fold in the rest of the whites. Place half the
  apples in a buttered shallow 1.5 quart baking dish. Cover the apples
  with half the egg mixture. Add the remaining apples and sprinkle with
  the macaroon crumbs. Cover the apples and macaroon with the remaining
  egg mixture, filing the dish almost to the rim.Bake until the top is
  golden brown and the pudding is fairly firm, 25 to 30 minutes.  Serve
  at once with Vanilla Sauce.
  
  Vanilla Sauce:
  
  Combine the sugar and cornstarch in a saucepan and mix well. Add the
  salt, lemon peel and water.  Bring to a boil and cook over
  medium-high heat until the sauce is clear, 5 to 7 minutes. Discard
  the lemon peel and add the butter.  Remove the pan from the heat and
  stir in the vanilla. If you want it creamier, add 1 or 2 T heavy
  whipping cream. Submitted By RHOMMEL@GNN.COM (RICHARD HOMMEL) On TUE,
  31 OCT 1995 113813
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & BANANA ASIDE
 Categories: Casseroles, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      2    Bananas, peeled and sliced
      2    Apples, peeled, cored and
           -- cut in slices
           Juice of half a lemon

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/4    Flour
    1/4 c  Butter
 
  Note: Use about 1 banana and 1 apple for each two diners to increase
  recipe. Do not decrease.
  
  In a buttered casserole, arrange a layer of apple slices and banana
  slices. Drizzle with lemon juice, dot with butter and sprinkle with a
  little sugar. Make another layer of fruit.
  
  Cream together (until crumbly) the topping ingredients; sprinkle over
  fruit mixture.
  
  Bake at 325 F. for 30-40 minutes.
  
  Nice side dish to meal or as a dessert with vanilla ice cream.
  
  From vegan.zip at Michelle Stewart's SunShine PC Board in Pembroke
  Pines, FL.  Source unknown.  Formatted by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & BARLEY PUDDING
 Categories: Ireland, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 tb Pearl barley
  1 1/2 lb Eating apples*
      2 oz Sugar
    3/4 tb Double cream
      1 l  Water
 
  * Peeled, cored and sliced. . Put the barley in the water and bring
  to the boil.  Add the sliced apples and continue cooking gently until
  the barley and apples are soft. Press through a sieve, or put through
  the blender, and put back in the saucepan.
   Add the sugar and lemon juice and bring to the boil again. Remove
  from the heat, allow to cool, and then chill. Serve cool with the
  cream stirred in.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & BARLEY PUDDING (IRISH)
 Categories: Irish, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 tb Pearl barley
  1 1/2 lb Eating apples*
      2 oz Sugar
    3/4 tb Double cream
      1 l  Water
 
  * Peeled, cored and sliced. . Put the barley in the water and bring
  to the boil. Add the sliced apples and continue cooking gently until
  the barley and apples are soft.  Press through a sieve, or put
  through the blender, and put back in the saucepan.
   Add the sugar and lemon juice and bring to the boil again. Remove
  from the heat, allow to cool, and then chill. Serve cool with the
  cream stirred in.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & BARLEY PUDDING (IRISH)
 Categories: Irish, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 tb Pearl barley
  1 1/2 lb Eating apples*
      2 oz Sugar
    3/4 tb Double cream
      1 l  Water
 
  * Peeled, cored and sliced. . Put the barley in the water and bring
  to the boil.  Add the sliced apples and continue cooking gently until
  the barley and apples are soft. Press through a sieve, or put through
  the blender, and put back in the saucepan.
   Add the sugar and lemon juice and bring to the boil again. Remove
  from the heat, allow to cool, and then chill. Serve cool with the
  cream stirred in.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & BLACK BEAN PICADILLO
 Categories: Beef, Salsas
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           JUDI M. PHELPS (BNVX05A)
      2    Pieces (4x1-inc) orange
           Zest
      4 tb Peanut or safflower oil
           Julienned into slivers
      4 md Onions -- coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Raisins or currants
      2 tb Garlic -- chopped
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
           Salt to taste -- optional
    1/2 ts Ground cloves
      1 ts Ground pepper
    1/2 ts Allspice
      2 lb Very lean beef -- chopped
           Or
    1/2 ts Nutmeg -- preferably
           Freshly
           Ground
           Grated
      1 cn Ital. plum tomatoes (35 oz)
      2 lg Tart apples; peeled, cored
           Drained and chopped
           And cubed
      3    Canned jalapeno peppers
      1 cn Black beans (16 oz) --
           Drained
           Seeded & sliced into rings
           And rinsed
      1 cn Green chilies (4 oz) --
           Chopped
    1/4 c  Capers -- drained
 
  1.  In a large saute pan over moderately high heat, heat the oil until
  rippling; add the onions, garlic, salt (optional), and pepper and
  saute stirring frequently until onions are just golden. 2. Add the
  meat and cook, stirring until it loses its red color. 3. Stir in the
  tomatoes, jalapenos, orange zest, raisins, and the spices. Simmer,
  uncovered 20-30 minutes. 4. Ten minutes before serving, mix in the
  apples, beans, and capers, stir and simmer over low heat so that
  apples do not become mushy. 5. Transfer to deep serving bowl or
  covered dish and serve with rice. Makes 6-8 servings. SOURCE:  The
  Brilliant Bean Cookbook.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & BUTTERNUT SQUASH SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Fruits, Cyberealm
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      3 tb Unsalted Butter
      1 lg Onion, chopped
      2 tb Curry Powder
      1 ts Chili Powder
  2 1/2 c  Chicken Broth
      3 lb Butternut Squash, peeled,
           Seeded and cubed (8 cups)
     21 oz Granny Smith Apples, peeled,
           Cored, and chopped (3 cups)
           Salt and Pepper
    1/2 c  Heavy Cream
  2 1/2 c  Chicken Broth
      1 tb Fresh Parsley, chopped, or
      1 tb Fresh Cilantro, chopped
 
  In a large heavy pot, melt butter over medium heat. Add onions and
  saute until translucent, about 5 minutes. Add curry powder and chili
  powder. Mix well. Cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Stir in 2
  1/2 cups chicken broth, squash, apples, and salt and pepper to taste.
  Bring to a boil. Reduce heat. Cover and simmer 30-45 minutes until
  squash is very tender, stirring occasionally.
  
  Strain soup, reserving liquid. Puree vegetables in a food processor in
  several batches. In same pot, combine vegetable puree, reserved
  cooking liquid, cream, and 2 1/2 cups chicken broth. Bring just to
  simmering. Ladle soup into warm bowls. Garnish with parsley.
  
  Source: Victoria Magazine, January 1994 Typed by Katherine Smith
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & CARAMEL PUDDING
 Categories: Lakeland, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6 oz Self-Raising Flour
      3 oz Suet
    1/4 ts Salt
           Cold Water to mix
      4 oz Soft brown sugar
      1 oz Butter
      2 lg Cooking Apples
 
  Butter the pudding basin thickly with the ounce of butter, then press
  in 3 ounces of the sugar. Mix the flour, salt and suet together. Add
  just enough cold water to make a soft. but not sticky dough. Do not
  overwork or you will get tough pastry. Roll out two-thirds of the
  pastry and line the buttery, sugary basin. Slice in the peeled and
  cored apples. Sprinkle in the last ounce of sugar. Make a circle for
  a lid with the last of the pastry. Moisten the edges to make a firm
  seal, pinching the two layers of pastry together well. Trim any
  surplus. Cover with a double layer of greaseproof and steam for two
  hours. Turn out your pudding for service and a caramel sauce will be
  coating the outside.
  
  Source: Lakeland Plastics
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & CARROT CAKE
 Categories: Diabetic, Cakes, Snacks, Fruits, Vegetables
      Yield: 16 Slices
 
      2 c  Whole wheat flour;
           -self-rising
    1/2 c  Margarine;
      1 ts Cinnamon;
      1 c  Walnuts; chopped
    2/3 c  Raisins;
      2 c  Dessert apples; peeled cored
           -grated
      1 c  Carrot; grated
           Grated peel of 1 orange
      2 lg Eggs;*
      4 tb Fresh orange juice;
 
  Line the base and grease of a loaf pan with 4 cup capcity. Preheat
  the oven to 350 degrees. Place the flour in a bowl and mix well, then
  cut in the margarine and stir in the cinnamon. Stir in the walnuts,
  raisins, apples and carrot. Add the orange peel, eggs and juice, then
  beat well until thoroughly combined. Spoon the mixture into the
  prepared pan, smooth the top and bake for about 1 1/4 hours, or until
  the cake is well risen and firm to touch.  Turn out on a wire rack.
  
  Food Exchanges are not listed with the recipes in this book.
  
  Source: The Diabetic Cookbook by Brigdet Jones.
  
  Brought to you and yours via Nancy O'brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & CARROT CAKE
 Categories: Diabetic, Cakes, Snacks, Fruits, Vegetables
      Yield: 16 Slices
 
      2 c  Whole wheat flour;
           -self-rising
    1/2 c  Margarine;
      1 ts Cinnamon;
      1 c  Walnuts; chopped
    2/3 c  Raisins;
      2 c  Dessert apples; peeled cored
           -grated
      1 c  Carrot; grated
           Grated peel of 1 orange
      2 lg Eggs;*
      4 tb Fresh orange juice;
 
  Line the base and grease of a loaf pan with 4 cup capcity. Preheat
  the oven to 350 degrees. Place the flour in a bowl and mix well, then
  cut in the margarine and stir in the cinnamon. Stir in the walnuts,
  raisins, apples and carrot. Add the orange peel, eggs and juice, then
  beat well until thoroughly combined. Spoon the mixture into the
  prepared pan, smooth the top and bake for about 1 1/4 hours, or until
  the cake is well risen and firm to touch.  Turn out on a wire rack.
  
  Food Exchanges are not listed with the recipes in this book.
  
  Source: The Diabetic Cookbook by Brigdet Jones.
  
  Brought to you and yours via Nancy O'brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & CELERY SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 sm Head of fresh celery
      2 lg Cooking apples
      1 oz Butter
     60 fl Stock
      2 md Onions, peeled and diced
           Salt and milled pepper
           Milk to finish
           Chopped parsley and
           -browned flaked almonds
           -to garnish
      1 ts Soft brown sugar
 
  In a large saucepan sweat off the diced onion in the butter. Wash,
  trim and dice the celery, add to the onion and continue on a low
  heat. Remove and bruises from the apples and grate them into your
  pan, discarding the core. Cook for a further 10 minutes before adding
  the stock, seasoning and sugar ~ beware too much salt if you are
  using a stock cube. Bring to the boil, then simmer, lid on, for 30
  minutes - don't over cook or the celery flavour becomes jaded and the
  colours dull. Allow to cool a little before liquidising thoroughly.
  Pass through a large mesh sieve to ensure there are no stringy
  threads of celery remaining. Check seasoning and consistency, adding
  a little milk if needed. Serve in warmed bowls, sprinkled with
  parsley and the browned almond flakes.
  
  Source: Lakeland Plastics
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & CHEDDAR CORN MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           Cherri Langley   RVSN34B
  1 2/3 c  Flour
      1 ts Flour
  1 1/2 oz Uncooked yellow corn meal
      1 tb Baking powder
    3/4 lb Apples;cored,pared,finely
           Chopped..wt before cutting
    1/2 c  Corn;thawed frozen
  2 1/4 oz Cheddar;reduced fat,shredded
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 ds Cinnamon
      1 ds Nutmeg
    1/3 c  Corn oil
      2 ts Corn oil
      3    Eggs; lightly beaten
 
  1.  Preheat oven to 400 F.  Line 12 muffin pan cups with paper baking
  cups. 2.  In large bowl combine flour, cornmeal, and baking powder.
  Add apples, corn, cheese, sugar, cinnamon, nutmet, stirring to
  combine. In small bowl, beat eggs and oil; stir into flour mixture
  (do not overbeat...the mixture will be stiff). 3. Fill baking cups
  and bake in center of oven for 15 minutes. Makes 12 muffins. ONE
  MUFFIN= 1 1/2 F, 1/2 P, 1 B, 1/4 F, 25 Optional cal. Cherri Langley
  said the recipe is from Simply Light Cooking cookbook she obtained at
  a Weight Watchers meeting. Said cookbook was just great!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & CHEDDAR CORN MUFFINS WW
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 2/3 c  Flour, all-purpose
  1 1/2 oz Cornmeal, yellow
           - uncooked
      1 tb Baking powder, double-acting
    3/4 lb Apples
           - cored, pared,
           - finely chopped
    1/2 c  Corn, whole-kernal, frozed
           - thawed
  2 1/4 oz Cheese, Chedder, reduced-fat
           - shredded
    1/3 c  Sugar, granulated
      1 ds Cinnamon, ground
      1 ds Nutmeg, ground
      6 tb Corn oil
      3    Eggs
           - lightly beaten
 
   Preheat oven to 400F. Line 12 2-1/2" muffin-pan cups with paper
  baking cups; set aside. In large mixing bowl combine flour, cornmeal
  and baking powder. Add apples, corn, cheese, sugar, cinnamon, and
  nutmeg, stirring to combine. In small bowl beat together oil and
  eggs; stir into flour mixture. Fill each baking cup with an equal
  amount of batter. Bake in middle of even fro 15 minutes, until golded
  and tootpick comes out dry. Set pan on wire rack and let cool.
  
   Weight Watcher Exchanges: 1-1/2 Fat, 1/2 Protein, 1 Bread, 1/4
  Fruit, 25 Optional Calories.
  
   Per serving: 214 calories, 5 g. protein, 27 g.
   carbohydrate, 9 g. fat, 67 mg. cholesterol, 160 mg.
   sodium, 110 mg. calcium, 1 g. dietary fiber.
  
   Calories from fat: 36%
  
   Original recipe from Weight Watchers "Simple Light Cooking".
  Conversion and additional nutritional analysis by Rick Weissgerber.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & CHEESE PLEASERS
 Categories: Breads, Cookies, Snacks
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
    3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    2/3 c  Butter or margarine,softened
    1/3 c  Brown sugar
      1    Egg
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Quick cooking oats
      4 oz Cheddar; shredded; 1 c
    3/4 c  Raisins
      1 c  Chopped apple
 
  Combine flour, butter, sugar, egg, vanilla, cinnamon, baking powder
  and salt in large bowl; mix well.  Add oats, cheese and raisins; mix
  well. Stir in apple. Drop by heaping tablespoons onto ungreased
  cookie sheet; bake in preheated moderate oven (375 degrees) 15
  minutes or until golden brown. Store in tightly covered container in
  refrigerato or in loosely covered container at room temperature.
  Yield: about 2 dozen cookies
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & CIDER JELLY
 Categories: Desserts, Condiments, Jams
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 lb Cooking apples, washed
    1/2 pt Dry cider
           Finely grated rind 1 lemon
      9 oz Granulated sugar
 
  makes 12 oz aprox
  
  1. roughly chop the apples(including the skin and core) and put them
  in a large heatproof bowl add the cider and lemon rind, then
  partially cover the bowl with microwave clingfilm. microwave on high
  for 10-12 minutes until the apples are soft, stirring twice during
  cooking.
  
  2. puree the apples in a food processor then pour into large nylon
  sieve placed over a bowl leave to drip for 2 hours set the drained
  pulp aside for the apple and rum spread measure the apple juice there
  should be about 1/2 pint but if necessary make up to half a pint with
  some cold water
  
  3. pour the apple juice into a medium sized heatproof bowl and stir
  in the sugar microwave uncovered on high for 8-9 minutes until a
  teaspoon of the jelly dropped on to a chilled saucer forms a skin
  after 1 minute carefully pour the jelly into a clean warm jar and
  cover with a waxed paper disc allow to cool then cover with a lid
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & CREAM KUCHEN
 Categories: German, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 x  ------------cake------------
      1 pk Yeast; dry, active
    1/2 ts Salt
      4 tb Sugar
      2 c  Flour; unbleached, unsifted
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine
    1/2 c  Milk
      1 ea Egg; large
      1 x  ----------filling-----------
      3 c  Apples; tart, sliced
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour; unbleached
      8 oz Cream cheese; softened
      1 ea Egg; large
 
  CAKE: Mix yeast, salt, 4 T sugar, and 3/4 cup flour. Add butter to
  milk. Heat until very warm (120-130 degrees F.). Gradually add milk
  to flour mixture. Beat for 2 minutes. Add egg and 1/2 cup flour. Beat
  with an electric mixer on high speed for 2 minutes. Mix in enough
  flour to form a soft dough.  Knead for 5 to 10 minutes, until dough
  is shiny and elastic. Place in greased bowl and let rise for 1 hour
  or until doubled in bulk. Pat dough into well-greased 10-inch
  springform pan pressing the dough 1 1/2 inches up the sides of the
  pan. FILLING: Toss apples with lemon juice, cinnamon, 1/4 cup sugar,
  and 2 T of flour. Arrange in rows on top of the dough.  Beat together
  cream cheese, 1/2 cup sugar, and egg. Spread over apples.  Let rise
  in warm place for 1 hour. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 30 minutes.
  Best when served warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & CREAM KUCHEN
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           ------------cake------------
      1 pk Yeast; dry, active
    1/2 ts Salt
      4 tb Sugar
      2 c  Flour; unbleached, unsifted
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine
    1/2 c  Milk
      1    Egg; large
           ----------filling-----------
      3 c  Apples; tart, sliced
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour; unbleached
      8 oz Cream cheese; softened
      1    Egg; large
 
  CAKE: Mix yeast, salt, 4 T sugar, and 3/4 cup flour.
   Add butter to milk.  Heat until very warm (120-130 degrees F.).
  Gradually add milk to flour mixture.
   Beat for 2 minutes.  Add egg and 1/2 cup flour. Beat with an electric
  mixer on high speed for 2 minutes.
   Mix in enough flour to form a soft dough.  Knead for 5 to 10 minutes,
  until dough is shiny and elastic. Place in greased bowl and let rise
  for 1 hour or until doubled in bulk. Pat dough into well-greased
  10-inch springform pan pressing the dough 1 1/2 inches up the sides
  of the pan. FILLING: Toss apples with lemon juice, cinnamon, 1/4 cup
  sugar, and 2 T of flour. Arrange in rows on top of the dough. Beat
  together cream cheese, 1/2 cup sugar, and egg.  Spread over apples.
  Let rise in warm place for 1 hour. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 30
  minutes. Best when served warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & FENNEL PANDOWDY
 Categories: Fruits, Desserts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      5 lg Apples
  1 1/2 c  Fennel bulb
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 c  Honey
    1/2 c  Apple cider
  1 1/2 tb Sambuca (anise liqueur)
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Ground allspice
    1/4 ts Salt

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      2 ts Sugar
     12    Hazelnuts
  1 3/4 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 oz Cold shortening
      3 oz Cold unsalted butter
      4 tb Ice water
 
  Peel and core apples and cut into 1/2-inch slices. Dice fennel. Toast
  and peel hazelnuts. Cut butter into 1/2-inch pieces.
  
  Combine  apples, fennel, lemon juice, honey, cider, sambuca, nutmeg,
  allspice and salt in a bowl; toss gently to combine. Cover and set
  aside.
  
  Topping: Combine sugar, nuts, flour and salt in a processor. Pulse
  until nuts are finely ground. Add shortening and butter and pulse
  until mixture resembles coarse meal. Add water, 1 tablespoon at a
  time, pulsing briefly after each addition.  Continue adding water
  until mixture holds together when pinched between your fingers. Do
  not overmix or the dough will be tough. Pat into a disc, wrap in
  plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 30 minutes.
  
  Preheat oven to 375 degrees.
  
  Spoon the apple mixture into a 9 x 13-inch glass baking dish. Roll
  out the dough on a lightly floured surface to a 9 x 13-inch
  rectangle; gently lay the dough over the fruit, tucking in the edges.
  Bake for 30 minutes. Remove from the oven and, using a spoon or
  spatula, break crust into 3- or 4-inch irregular squares. Press
  pieces into the apples, "dowdying" the appearance of the dish. Return
  to oven and bake for 20 minutes, until well browned. Let cool 15
  minutes before serving.
  
  Source: The San Francisco Chronicle, November 22, 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & FENNEL SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      5 oz Fresh Spinach
      1    Small Fennel Head, sliced
      2    Medium Granny Smith Apples
      1    Small Red Onion, sliced
 
  * The Granny Smith apples should be peeled and cubed. Kuwait has been
  liberated. Thoroughly wash spinach, removing fibrous stems. Dry and
  place in salad bowl. Add fennel, apples and onions. Toss with Celery
  Seed Dressing. Trim with fennel tops. 6 servings. By Christophe
  Ritoux, Cajun House, From The Gazette, 91/02/27.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & GRAPE SALAD
 Categories: Fruits, Salads, Apples
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 c  Apples; cubed
      1 c  Grapes; halved
    1/2 c  Celery; chopped
    1/4 c  Walnuts; chopped
      1 ts Lemon juice
    1/3 c  Sour cream
    1/3 c  Plain yogurt
 
  In large bowl, combine apples, grapes, celery, walnuts and lemon
  juice. Mix yogurt and sour cream. Mix lightly into fruit mix.
  Refrigerate. If desired, serve on lettuce lined plates.
   Pat Empson 05/21 07:42 am
         FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 05/21 9:43 AM
  
  TO:      PAT EMPSON   (PFXX29A) FROM: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) SUBJECT:
  MM-MORE APPLES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & GREEN PEAR CHUTNEY
 Categories: Fruits, Relishes
      Yield: 8 Pints
 
      2 c  Apple cider vinegar
      3 c  Sugar, brown, dark
     10 lg Apple, tart; peeled, cored,
           -& coarsely chopped
      5    Pear, green firm; peeled,
           -cored, & coarsely chopped
      2 lg Bell pepper, red; cleaned
           -& coarsely chopped
      1 c  Currants, dried
      1 c  Onion; coarsely chopped
    1/2 c  Ginger, fresh; peeled &
           -finely chopped
      2 lg Lemons; seeded & finely
           -chopped (include rind)
      2 ts Mustard seeds, whole
      1 tb Mint, fresh; coarsely
           -chopped
      1 tb Salt
 
  In a large, nonreactive pot, bring vinegar and brown sugar to a boil
  over high heat. Add all other ingredients and turn heat to a simmer.
  Cook, stirring occasionally, until thickened, about 45 minutes. Pour
  into sterilized jars and seal.
  
   Source: Lee Bailey's California Wine Country Cooking
                    ISBN# 0-517-57450-0
  
                          From: Sallie Austin Krebs
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & GREEN TOMATO CHUTNEY
 Categories: Relishes
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
     12    Tart green apples
     24 sm Green tomatoes
      4 md Sized onions
      3 c  Seedless raisins (1 pound)
      4 c  Cider vinegar
  2 1/2 c  Brown sugar (tightly packed)
      2 tb Salt
    1/2 ts Crushed, dried chilies
  1 1/2 tb Curry powder
      3 tb Mixed pickling spices
 
  Wash, core and chop the apples; wash, blanch, peel and chop the
  apples and chop the onions.  Place apples, tomatoes and onions in a
  preserving kettle and add raisins, vinegar, sugar, salt, red pepper
  and curry powder. Put the pickling spices in a cheesecloth bag and
  add to the kettle. Boil, stirring occasionally, for 25 minutes, or
  until apples are transparent.
  
  Remove fruit with a slotted spoon.  Boil syrup rapidly until it
  thickens.
  
  Discard pickling spices, return the fruit to the syrup and bring to a
  boil.
  
  Remove from the heat and ladle into hot, sterilized jars and seal
  immediately.  Process in boiling water bath for 10 minutes. This
  recipe makes approximately
       24    half-pints.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & GREEN TOMATO CHUTNEY
 Categories: Relishes
      Yield: 24 Half pints
 
     12    Tart green apples
     24 sm Green tomatoes
      4 md Onions
      3 c  Seedless raisins (1 pound)
      4 c  Cider vinegar
  2 1/2 c  Brown sugar (tightly packed)
      2 tb Salt
    1/2 ts Crushed, dried chilies
  1 1/2 tb Curry powder
      3 tb Mixed pickling spices
 
  Wash, core and chop the apples; wash, blanch, peel and chop the
  apples and chop the onions.  Place apples, tomatoes and onions in a
  preserving kettle and add raisins, vinegar, sugar, salt, red pepper
  and curry powder. Put the pickling spices in a cheesecloth bag and
  add to the kettle. Boil, stirring occasionally, for 25 minutes, or
  until apples are transparent.
  
  Remove fruit with a slotted spoon.  Boil syrup rapidly until it
  thickens.
  
  Discard pickling spices, return the fruit to the syrup and bring to a
  boil.
  
  Remove from the heat and ladle into hot, sterilized jars and seal
  immediately.  Process in boiling water bath for 10 minutes. This
  recipe makes approximately
       24    half-pints.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & MATZO KUGEL
 Categories: Kosher, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6    Matzos, broken in pieces
      2    Eggs, separated
      1    Apple, peeled and diced
      1 tb Shortening
 
  Cover matzos with water then squeeze out as much as possible. Add
  apple and fat.  Beat yolks into mixture, season with salt and sugar
  to taste. Beat egg whites until stiff, fold in above gently. Pour
  inot pre-heated, greased casserole.  Bake in slow oven (300 F.) about
  1 hr. until top has an even brown crust.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & NUT POCKETS
 Categories: Desserts, Cookies, Holidays
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
      1 x  -Dottie Cross TMPJ72B
      1 x  -DOUGH:
      8 tb Unsalted butter; softened
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
      1 ea Large egg
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla extract
  2 1/2 c  Sifted all-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Baking soda
      1 x  -FILLING:
    2/3 c  Apple butter
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 x  Grated zest of 1 lemon
    1/4 c  Finely chopped walnuts
      1 x  Confectioners' sugar
      1 x  -for dusting
 
  To make the dough: In a medium bowl, using a hand-held electric mixer
  set at high speed, beat the butter until creamy, about 1 minute. Add
  the sugar and beat until light in color and texture, about 2 minutes.
  Beat in the egg and vanilla. Sift the flour with the salt and baking
  soda. Gradually add the flour mixture to the butter mixture, beating
  well after each addition. Scrape the dough onto a large piece of
  plastic wrap and wrap tightly. Refrigerate until the dough is firm
  enough to roll out, at least 6 hours, or preferably overnight. To
  make the filling: Combine the apple butter, lemon juice, lemon zest,
  and walnuts and mix well. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees. Divide the
  dough into 4 portions. On a lightly floured work surface, roll out
  one portion of dough to 1/8 inch thickness. (If the dough crumbles,
  work in your hands until malleable.) Using a 3-inch round cookie
  cutter, cut out rounds of the dough. Gather up the scraps to work
  into the remaining dough. Repeat the process until all the dough has
  been used. Place a rounded teaspoon of the filling in the center of
  half of the rounds. Brush the edges of the rounds lightly with water.
  Place the remaining rounds on top of the filled cookies. Using a
  fork, press the edges sealed. Don't worry if cracks appear in the
  surface. Transfer the cookies to ungreased baking sheets. Bake until
  lightly browned, 12 to 15 minutes. Transfer to wire racks and cool
  completely. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar before serving. Makes
  about 20 large cookies. Source: "An Edible Christmas" (A Treasury of
  Recipes for the Holiday) by Irena Chalmers. Reformatted by: CYGNUS,
  HCPM52C
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & OAT BRAN MUFFINS
 Categories: Low-cal, Muffins
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Whole Wheat Flour
    1/3 c  Packed Brown Sugar
    1/4 ts Baking Soda
    1/4 ts Ground Nutmeg
      1 c  Buttermilk
      2 tb Cooking Oil
      1 c  Oat Bran
  2 1/2 ts Baking Powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      2 x  Egg Whites
    3/4 c  Shredded, peeled Apple
 
   In a med bowl stir together flour, oat bran, brown sugar, baking
  powder, baking soda, salt, nutmeg, and cinnamon. Set aside.
   In a small bowl combine buttermilk, egg whites, and oil, Add to dry
  ingredients; stir just till moistened. Stir in shredded apple. Store
  batter, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 5 days.
   To bake, spray muffin cups with non-stick spray coating. Spoon about
  1/4 cup batter into each muffin cup. Bake in a 375 deg F oven for
  18-20 minutes or till a toothpick inserted near the center comes out
  clean. Makes 12 muffins.
  ******************************************************* ***** Per
  serving: 124 calories, 4 g protein, 22 g carbohydrates, 3 g fat, 1 mg
  cholesterol, 162 mg sodium, 162 mg potassium.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & OAT BRAN MUFFINS
 Categories: Low-fat, Muffins
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Whole Wheat Flour
    1/3 c  Packed Brown Sugar
    1/4 ts Baking Soda
    1/4 ts Ground Nutmeg
      1 c  Buttermilk
      2 tb Cooking Oil
      1 c  Oat Bran
  2 1/2 ts Baking Powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      2 x  Egg Whites
    3/4 c  Shredded, peeled Apple
 
   In a med bowl stir together flour, oat bran, brown sugar, baking
  powder, baking soda, salt, nutmeg, and cinnamon. Set aside.
   In a small bowl combine buttermilk, egg whites, and oil, Add to dry
  ingredients; stir just till moistened. Stir in shredded apple. Store
  batter, tightly covered, in the refrigerator for up to 5 days.
   To bake, spray muffin cups with non-stick spray coating. Spoon about
  1/4 cup batter into each muffin cup. Bake in a 375 deg F oven for
  18-20 minutes or till a toothpick inserted near the center comes out
  clean. Makes 12 muffins.
  ******************************************************* ***** Per
  serving: 124 calories, 4 g protein, 22 g carbohydrates, 3 g fat, 1 mg
  cholesterol, 162 mg sodium, 162 mg potassium.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & OAT BRAN MUFFINS (OVO LACTO)
 Categories: Digest, Dec.
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------MIX & SET ASIDE---------------------------
  1 1/4 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 c  Oat bran
    1/3 c  Packed brown sugar
  2 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon

MMMMM--------------------------COMBINE-------------------------------
      1 c  Low/non-fat buttermilk
      2    Egg whites'
      2 tb Oil replacement (applesauce,
           Prune puree, etc)

MMMMM----------------------------ADD---------------------------------
    3/4 c  Shredded, peeled apple
 
  Combine dry ingredients. Mix wet ingredients in a small bowl. Add to
  wet ingredients to dry ingredients until just moistened.
  
  Mix apple into batter.
  
  Spray muffin cups with non-stick spray and spoon about 1/4 cup batter
  into each muffin cup.  Bake in a 375 F oven for 18-20 minutes or
  until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. 12
  Muffins.
  
  NOTE:  can store batter, tightly covered, in the fridge for up to 5
  days. The picture on the front of the recipe card looked wonderful!
  
  Posted by Lucinda Rasmussen <lrasmuss@PICA.ARMY.MIL> to Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 13 Issue 10] Dec. 10, 1994. FATFREE Recipe collections
  copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission. Formatted by
  Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & OAT BRAN MUFFINS (OVO LACTO)
 Categories: Muffins
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------MIX & SET ASIDE---------------------------
  1 1/4 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 c  Oat bran
    1/3 c  Packed brown sugar
  2 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon

MMMMM--------------------------COMBINE-------------------------------
      1 c  Low/non-fat buttermilk
      2    Egg whites'
      2 tb Oil replacement (applesauce,
           Prune puree, etc)

MMMMM----------------------------ADD---------------------------------
    3/4 c  Shredded, peeled apple
 
  Combine dry ingredients. Mix wet ingredients in a small bowl. Add to
  wet ingredients to dry ingredients until just moistened.
  
  Mix apple into batter.
  
  Spray muffin cups with non-stick spray and spoon about 1/4 cup batter
  into each muffin cup.  Bake in a 375 F oven for 18-20 minutes or
  until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. 12
  Muffins.
  
  NOTE:  can store batter, tightly covered, in the fridge for up to 5
  days. The picture on the front of the recipe card looked wonderful!
  
  Posted by Lucinda Rasmussen <lrasmuss@PICA.ARMY.MIL> to Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 13 Issue 10] Dec. 10, 1994. FATFREE Recipe collections
  copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission. Formatted by
  Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & OATS BETTY
 Categories: Desserts, Vegetarian, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      6    Baking apples
      1 ts Lemon juice
    1/2 ts Ground ginger
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2 tb Apple juice concentrate
           -- thawed
    1/2 c  Chopped almonds
    1/4 c  Chopped cashews
    1/2 c  Chopped pecans
      1 c  Rolled oats
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      3 tb Maple syrup
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F.  Lightly oil and 8" x 8" baking dish.
  
  Peel, core and slice apples.  Combine with lemon juice, ginger, half
  the cinnamon and apple juice concentrate. Spoon int baking dish.
  
  Mix nuts, oats, remaining cinnamon, baking soda and syrup. Sprinkle
  over apple mixture.
  
  Bake until topping is golden brown, about 20 to 25 minutes.
  
  Serve warm.
  
  Per serving: 162 cal. 6 g prot, 106 mg sod, 19 g carb, 8 g fat, 0 mg
  chol, 32 mg calcium
  
  * Source: Vegetarian Gourmet, Autumn 1993 * Typos by: Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & ORANGE PORK CHOPS
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Pork Chops; 1/2 " thick
           Salt & Pepper
           Shortening for Browning
    1/4 c  Chopped onion
    1/2 c  Uncooked rice, not the quick
    3/4 c  Water
    1/2 c  Peeled and chopped tart appl
    1/2 c  Orange sections
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Poultry seasoning
 
  Trim excess fat from pork chops; season lightly with salt and pepper.
  Brown quickly in shortening. Pour from skillet all but 1 T. of
  drippings. Saute onion in the fat. Combine all remaining ingredients
  except pork chops with the onion; mix well, then pour into a greased
  2 qt. shallow casserole. Arrange chops on this mixture. Cover & bake
  at 350 degrees F about 45 minutes.  Makes 4 servings. Ann in NJ
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & PORK CURRY
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Olive Oil
      4    Boneless Pork Chops, trimmed
      1    Small onion, sliced thin
      1    Clove of Garlic, minced
      1    Tart Cooking Apple
      1    Small Sweet Red Pepper
    1/2 c  Chicken Stock
      1 ts Cornstarch
      1 ts Curry Powder
    1/2 ts Ground Cumin
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
           Salt
           Freshly Ground Black Pepper
           Chopped Parsley or Coriander
 
  * The cooking apple should be peeled and sliced, the pepper should be
  seeded and cut into thin strips. In a heavy frypan, heat oil over
  medium-high heat. Cook pork chops until browned on both sides and
  almost cooked through; remove from pan and set aside. Over medium
  heat, cook the onion, garlic, apple and red pepper strips for 2
  minutes or until softened. Blend chicken stock with cornstarch; add
  to pan along with curry powder, cumin and cinnamon; cook for 1 or 2
  minutes until slightly reduced and thickened. Return pork chops to
  frypan; adjust seasoning with salt and pepper. Cook for 1 or 2
  minutes or until heated through. Serve pork chops with sauce and
  sprinkle with fresh chopped parsley or coriander. Serve with
  quick-cooking couscous flavoured with chopped green onions and
  raisins. Serves 4. From The Gazette, 91/02/20.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & POTATO CAKE (BAKESTONE RECIPES)
 Categories: Breads, Cakes, Breakfast, Fruits, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Floury potatoes
      3 ts Salt
      2 oz Butter
      4 tb Self-raising flour
      2    Apples, peeled,cored,chopped
      2 tb Granulated sugar
      3 tb Softened butter
 
  The potatoes must be hot and floury, but either eating apples or
  cooking apples can be used. (Best results with a cooking apple,
  though.) -- Boil the peeled potatoes in well-salted water. Drain and
  cover with a cloth to "dry in their steam". Sieve or rice into a
  warmed mixing bowl, and beat in the fat. Work in sufficient flour to
  make the dough manageable, adding salt to taste. Divide the dough in
  half and roll or pat into 2 rounds of equal size just over 1/2 inch
  thick. Place one round on the warmed bakestone and spread with the
  chopped apple. Cover with the other round of dough and pinch the
  edges together.  -- Bake on the bakestone over a moderate heat until
  brown underneath. Turn using the broadest spatula you have, or two
  spatulas and a friend.  Cook the other side. Remove the cake to a hot
  serving dish.  Carefully peel up one side of the top of the cake,
  spread the apples with the softened butter, and sprinkle them with
  sugar. Fold that half down and do the same to the other side.
  Sprinkle sugar on top, and serve immediately, with thick cool cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & POTATO CAKE (BAKESTONE RECIPES)
 Categories: Breads, Cakes, Breakfast, Fruits, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Floury potatoes
      3 ts Salt
      2 oz Butter
      4 tb Self-raising flour
      2    Apples, peeled,cored,chopped
      2 tb Granulated sugar
      3 tb Softened butter
 
  The potatoes must be hot and floury, but either eating apples or
  cooking apples can be used. (Best results with a cooking apple,
  though.) -- Boil the peeled potatoes in well-salted water. Drain and
  cover with a cloth to "dry in their steam". Sieve or rice into a
  warmed mixing bowl, and beat in the fat. Work in sufficient flour to
  make the dough manageable, adding salt to taste. Divide the dough in
  half and roll or pat into 2 rounds of equal size just over 1/2 inch
  thick. Place one round on the warmed bakestone and spread with the
  chopped apple. Cover with the other round of dough and pinch the
  edges together. -- Bake on the bakestone over a moderate heat until
  brown underneath. Turn using the broadest spatula you have, or two
  spatulas and a friend.  Cook the other side. Remove the cake to a hot
  serving dish.  Carefully peel up one side of the top of the cake,
  spread the apples with the softened butter, and sprinkle them with
  sugar. Fold that half down and do the same to the other side.
  Sprinkle sugar on top, and serve immediately, with thick cool cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & PRUNE CHUTNEY
 Categories: Relishes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    700    Gr. (1 pound, 8 oz.) apples,
           -pealed, cored and chopped
   1250    Gr. (2 pound, 11 oz.)
           -prunes, washed and chopped
           -(stones removed)
    450    Gr. (1 pound) onions, peeled
           -and chopped
      2 c  Sultanas
      2 c  Apple-vinegar
  2 2/3 c  Soft brown sugar (pressed
           -firmly)
      1 tb Salt
      1 ts Ground, allspice
      1 ts Ground ginger
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ground cayenne pepper
    1/4 ts Ground cloves
      2 ts Mustard seed
           Sterilized glass jars
 
  Delicious with pork, ham or cheese.
  
  About 6 cups
  
  Bring all the ingredients to the boil in a fairly large pan. Reduce
  the heat. Simmer (with a lid on the pan) for approximately 2 hours.
  When the mixture is thick enough, pour the chutney in sterilized jars
  and close them immediately.
  
  Posted by Rina de Jong
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & PRUNE DRESSING
 Categories: Stuffing, Fruits, Vegetables, Diabetic, Holiday
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
 
  1/4 c  Vegetable Oil 1 md Onion 2 Celery Stalks, chopped 2 Apples,
  cored and chopped 16 Prunes, snipped into pieces 1 c Water 10 sl
  Whole Wheat Bread Cubes, fresh (6 cups) 1 ts Dried Sage, crushed 1/4
  ts Ground Cinnamon
  
  Combine the oil, onion, celery and apples in a large skillet. Saute
  for about 10 minutes, or until the vegetables are tender. Remove from
  the heat. Add the remaining ingredients. Toss gently to mix well. Use
  to stuff a 12- to 18-pound turkey or spoon the stuffing mixture into
  an oiled 2-quart baking dish. When baking the stuffing in a
  casserole, cover and bake in a 325k-degree oven for about 1 hour.
  
  ~End Recipe Export- "Then to the spicy nut-brown ale." - Milton
  
  ___ Blue Wave/QWK v2.12
  
  ~-- TMail v1.31.3
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & RAISIN NOODLE PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Egg noodles
    1/2 c  Raisins
      6    Eggs; slightly beaten
    1/4 c  Butter
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      3    Apples; peeled, cored
           - & chopped
 
  Preheat  oven to 375F.  Cook noodles,  drain in colander & rinse well
  with cold water.  Soak raisins in cup of boiling water to soften. Let
  stand 10 min, then drain. Combine ingredients with noodles, mix well
  & pour into buttered casserole dish.  Bake for 45 min or till browned
  on top. Serve with yogurt or sour cream. SERVES:4
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & RAISIN SAUCE
 Categories: Fruits, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Apple Sauce
    1/2 c  Apple Butter
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Maple Syrup
 
  Combine all the ingredients in a saucepan and simmer until bubbly.
  Makes 2 1/4 cups of sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & RAISIN SAUCE FOR HAM
 Categories: Fruits, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Apple Sauce
    1/2 c  Apple Butter
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Maple Syrup
 
  Combine all the ingredients in a saucepan and simmer until bubbly.
  
  Makes 2 1/4 cups of sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & RAISIN SAUCE FOR HAM
 Categories: Fruits, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Apple Sauce
    1/2 c  Apple Butter
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Maple Syrup
 
  Combine all the ingredients in a saucepan and simmer until bubbly.
  
  Makes 2 1/4 cups of sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & RASPBERRY JELLY
 Categories: Canning
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Red raspberry juice
      2 c  Bottled apple juice
  5 1/4 c  Sugar
      1    Sure-jell pectin
    1/2 ts Butter or margarine
 
  Recipe by: Jo Merrill
    Pour juices into a 6-8 quart kettle. Measure sugar into a separate
  bowl. Add the Sure-Jell and butter to juices. Bring mixture to a full
  rolling boil over high heat, stirring constantly. Quickly stir sugar
  into juices and bring the mixture back to a full rolling boil--boil
  for 1 minute while stirring constantly. Mixture will rise to within 2
  inches of the top of the pan so make sure you stir continuosly.
  Remove from the heat and skim off foam with a spoon. Fill jars to
  1/8th inch from top. Wipe jar rims then cover with flat lids. Screw
  lids on tightly. Use a water bath to finish sealing. Recipe (from
  Bonnie Trigg of Oceanside) was a prize winner at the 1994 Del Mar, Ca
  county fair.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & RUM CUSTARD CAKE
 Categories: German, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 x  -----------crust------------
  1 1/2 c  Flour; unbleached, unsifted
      5 tb Sugar
      1 tb Lemon rind; grated
    2/3 c  Butter or margarine
      1 ea Egg yolk; large
      1 tb Milk
      1 x  ----------filling-----------
    1/2 c  Soft bread crumbs
      2 tb Butter or margarine; melted
      4 c  Apples; tart, sliced
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Raisins; *
    1/4 c  Rum
      3 ea Eggs; large, beaten
    1/3 c  Sugar
  1 3/4 c  Milk
 
  *    Soak raisins in 1/4 cup rum for 1/2 hour before using.
  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++ ++++ CRUST: To make crust, mix flour, sugar, and lemon
  rind. Cut in butter or margarine until mixture resembles coarse
  crumbs. Add egg yolk and 1 T of milk; mix gently to form a dough.
  Pat into bottom of a 10-inch Springform pan that has sides only
  greased. Press dough up sides of pan for 1 inch. FILLING: Toss
  together bread crumbs and melted butter. Spread evenly over pastry
  crust.  Toss apple slices, lemon juice, and 1/4 c of sugar. Spread
  apples over crumbs. Drain raisins, reserving rum, and sprinkle
  raisins over apples.  Bake in a preheated 350 degree F. oven for 15
  minutes. Beat eggs and sugar until thick and lemon-colored. Stir in
  milk and reserved rum. Pour custard over apples and bake for 45 to 60
  minutes at 350 degrees F. until custard is set.  Cool completely
  before serving. Do NOT remove springform pan until cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & RUM CUSTARD CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           -----------crust------------
  1 1/2 c  Flour; unbleached, unsifted
      5 tb Sugar
      1 tb Lemon rind; grated
    2/3 c  Butter or margarine
      1    Egg yolk; large
      1 tb Milk
           ----------filling-----------
    1/2 c  Soft bread crumbs
      2 tb Butter or margarine; melted
      4 c  Apples; tart, sliced
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Raisins; *
    1/4 c  Rum
      3    Eggs; large, beaten
    1/3 c  Sugar
  1 3/4 c  Milk
 
  *    Soak raisins in 1/4 cup rum for 1/2 hour before using.
  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++ ++++ CRUST: To make crust, mix flour, sugar, and lemon
  rind. Cut in butter or margarine until mixture resembles coarse
  crumbs. Add egg yolk and 1 T of milk; mix gently to form a dough. Pat
  into bottom of a 10-inch Springform pan that has sides only greased.
  Press dough up sides of pan for 1 inch. FILLING: Toss together bread
  crumbs and melted butter.
   Spread evenly over pastry crust.  Toss apple slices, lemon juice,
  and 1/4 c of sugar.  Spread apples over crumbs. Drain raisins,
  reserving rum, and sprinkle raisins over apples. Bake in a preheated
  350 degree F. oven for 15 minutes.  Beat eggs and sugar until thick
  and lemon-colored. Stir in milk and reserved rum. Pour custard over
  apples and bake for 45 to 60 minutes at 350 degrees F. until custard
  is set. Cool completely before serving. Do NOT remove springform pan
  until cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & RYE BREAD PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts, Vegetarian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------FORMATTED BY S.GRABOWSKI-----------------------
  5 1/2 c  Cubed fresh or stale
           Sourdough, wheat, or rye
           Bread
    1/2 c  Raisins
      1 tb Caraway seeds ->OR<-
           Anise seeds
      5 c  Diced apples
    1/2 c  Apple bitter
      1 tb Sunflower butter ->OR<-
           Tahini
      1 c  Water
      2 tb Mellow or sweet miso
      2 c  Amazake beverage (original)
           ->OR<-
           Vanilla soy milk
 
  Cube bread and toss in a large bowl with raisins and caraway seeds.
  Stale bread may be used instead of fresh. Toss apples in a bolw with
  bread cubes.
  
  Combine apple and sunflower butter (or tahini), 1 cup water, miso,
  amazake or soy milk, then pour liquid mixture over apples and bread.
  Stir to coat. Spoon mixture into a lightly oiled 2-quart casserole
  dish or two 9-inch pie plates or cake pans. Cover with lid
  (oven-proof).
  
  Allow mixture to sit for 2 to 4 hours before baking so bread will
  soak up flavors. Bake covered at 350F for 1 hour or until slightly
  firm and mixture pulls away from sides slightly. Then remove from
  oven and spoon into individual dessert cups. An ice cream scooper
  works well. Allow to cool slightly and then serve.
  
  Total calories per serving: 242  Fat: 4 grams From the Vegetarian
  Journal Nov/Dec 1992  page 15
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & RYE BREAD PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts, Vegetarian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------FORMATTED BY S.GRABOWSKI-----------------------
  5 1/2 c  Cubed fresh or stale
           Sourdough, wheat, or rye
           Bread
    1/2 c  Raisins
      1 tb Caraway seeds ->OR<-
           Anise seeds
      5 c  Diced apples
    1/2 c  Apple bitter
      1 tb Sunflower butter ->OR<-
           Tahini
      1 c  Water
      2 tb Mellow or sweet miso
      2 c  Amazake beverage (original)
           ->OR<-
           Vanilla soy milk
 
  Cube bread and toss in a large bowl with raisins and caraway seeds.
  Stale bread may be used instead of fresh. Toss apples in a bolw with
  bread cubes.
  
  Combine apple and sunflower butter (or tahini), 1 cup water, miso,
  amazake or soy milk, then pour liquid mixture over apples and bread.
  Stir to coat. Spoon mixture into a lightly oiled 2-quart casserole
  dish or two 9-inch pie plates or cake pans. Cover with lid
  (oven-proof).
  
  Allow mixture to sit for 2 to 4 hours before baking so bread will
  soak up flavors. Bake covered at 350F for 1 hour or until slightly
  firm and mixture pulls away from sides slightly. Then remove from
  oven and spoon into individual dessert cups. An ice cream scooper
  works well. Allow to cool slightly and then serve.
  
  Total calories per serving: 242  Fat: 4 grams From the Vegetarian
  Journal Nov/Dec 1992  page 15
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & SWEET POTATOES
 Categories: Diabetic, Side dish, Fruits, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Sweet ones
 
      4 md Size sweet potatoes;
      1 tb Whipped butter;(not me!!!)
      2 tb Frozen apple juice;
           -concentrate
           Salt to taste;
           Pepper to taste;
      1 md -size apple; peeled diced
      6    Whole cloves;
           Ground nutmeg;
 
  Place sweet potatoes in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a
  boil and cook 30 to 40 minutes or until tender. Remove from water,
  peel and mash.  Add butter, apple juice, salt and pepper. Stir in
  apple, cloves and dash of nutmeg.  Place in an ovenproof serving dish
  and warm in 350 degrees oven to minutes before serving. Food
  Exchanges per serving: 1 STARCH/BREAD EXCHANGE + 1/2 FRUIT EXCHANGE
  CAL: 116, CHO: 6mg; CAR: 24g; PRO: 1g; SOD: 80mg; FAT: 2g;
  
  Source: Light & Easy Diabetes Cuisine by Betty Marks Brought to you
  and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & TURKEY SALAD ^
 Categories: Salad/dress
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Long grain brown rice
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Curry powder
      3 c  Water
      3    Boneless turkey breasts
    1/2    Lemon, juice of
    1/8 ts Pepper
      1 lg Apple, peeled, cored and
           -sliced
      2 tb Sour cream
      2 tb Sesame oil
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Defatted chicken stock
    1/4 c  Sesame seeds
      2 tb Fresh dill for garnish
           Lettuce leaves
 
  Combine rice,1/4t salt, 1/4t curry powder, and water in saucepan.
  Cover and cook over low heat 35 minutes. Sprinkle turkey with lemon
  juice and pepper. Lay turkey on top of rice during last 20 minutes of
  cooking time, turning after 10 minutes. Drain rice. Cut turkey into
  strips. Set a few apple slices aside and sprinkle with lemon juice.
  Chop remaining slices and combine with rice, turkey, sour cream,
  sesame oil, lemon juice, stock, remaining salt and curry powder. Heat
  dry frying pan. Toast sesame seeds until browned. To serve, arrange
  rice salad on serving plate, sprinkle with sesame seeds and garnish
  with dill, lettuce, and reserved fruit slices.
  
  Creative Cooking: Poultry Typed by Carolyn Shaw 1-95
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE & YAM CASSEROLE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn Apple pie filling
      3 tb Butter
           Chopped nuts
      2 cn Whole sweet potatoes, drain
           Nutmeg
 
     Combine apple pie filling and sweet potatoes in buttered
  casserole. Dot with 3 tbs. butter.  Sprinkle lightly with nutmeg.
  Bake in preheated 325 F. oven for 30 minutes, or untill bubbly.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE ALMOND PANCAKES
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Whole-wheat flour
    1/2 c  Unbleached flour
      1 tb Brown sugar
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
      2    Eggs, separated
      4 tb Oil
    1/2 c  Each, buttermilk, apple
           -Juice
    1/4 c  Chopped almonds
 
   Combine flour,sugar,baking powder and salt in a mixing bowl. Beat egg
  yolks with oil,buttermilk and apple juice.Stir into flour mixture
  with nuts until all ingredients are moistened (do not over stir).Beat
  egg whites until stiff and fold into batter. Spoon onto a hot,greased
  griddle and turn once  when bubbles appear.Makes 8 to 10 pancakes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE ALMOND PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Pie crust, single crust
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Corn starch
      3    Eggs
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine, melted
    1/2 c  Corn syrup, light or dark
    1/4 ts Almond extract
      2 c  Apples, peeled and chopped
      1 c  Almonds, toasted and sliced
      1    Apple, peeled & sliced thin
      2 tb Almonds, toasted and sliced
 
  =------------------------------- GARNISH
  ~-------------------------------- Prepare pie crust for filled
  one-crust pie using 9-inch pan. Flute edge. Heat oven to 375F.
  Reserve 2 T sugar.  In medium bowl, combine remaining sugar and corn
  starch.
   Add eggs, beating well to combine.  Stir in butter, corn syrup and
  almond extract.  Mix in apples and almonds. Pour into pie crust-lined
  pan. If desired, garnish with apple slices overlapped in a circle
  around edge of pie.  Sprinkle center with almonds. Sprinkle reserved
  sugar over top. Bake at 375F for 50 minutes or until center of pie is
  set. Cool completely on wire rack.  Store in refrigerator.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE AMBER
 Categories: Irish, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Cooking apples, tart*
      4 oz Sugar (or to taste)
           Juice of 1 lemon
      2    Large eggs, separated
 
  * peeled, cored and thinly sliced.  -- Cook the apple slices in about
  2 T of water, stirring occasionally until they form a puree. Add
  about 3/4 of the sugar, the lemon juice, and the egg yolks: mix well.
  Put into an ovenproof dish and bake at 350F for 20 minutes.
  Meanwhile, whisk the egg whites until stiff, folding in the remaining
  sugar. Pile the meringue evenly on top of the apple mixture, return
  the dish to the oven, and bake for about 10 minutes.  Serve hot or
  cold.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BAKLAVA
 Categories: Greek, Candies
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      6    Golden Delicious apples
      6    Granny Smith apples
      2 tb Unsalted butter
      6 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
           Nut Mixture:
  2 1/2 c  Walnuts, chopped
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Grated lemon peel
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
     24    Sheets phyllo dough
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter, melted
      2 tb Plain dry bread crumbs
      2 tb Honey
 
  Prep time:  1 hour plus cooling    Baking time:  35 to 40 minutes
  Apples give a distinctive twist to this traditional Greek dessert.
  Sauteing them first to let the water evaporate ensures a crisp crust.
  APPLE LAYER: Peel and slice apples. Melt butter in Dutch oven over
  high heat. Add apples, sugar and cinnamon; cook, stirring
  occasionally, until apples are tender and juices are evaporated, 15
  to 20 minutes. Cool. NUT MIXTURE: Combine all ingredients in small
  bowl. Preheat oven to 400^F. Trim phyllo sheets to 13x9-inch
  rectangles; cover with plastic wrap. Brush 13x9-inch metal baking pan
  with butter. Place 1 phyllo sheet in pan and brush with some of the
  melted butter (keep remaining phyllo covered). Layer 5 more phyllo
  sheets on top, brushing each with butter. Spread 2 cups nut mixture
  on top and repeat layering with 6 more phyllo sheets and butter.
  Spread apple mixture on top; repeat layering with 6 more phyllo
  sheets and butter. Sprinkle remaining nut mixture on top; sprinkle
  with bread crumbs and layer with the 6 remaining phyllo sheets and
  butter. With sharp knife, cut lengthwise through pastry and filling
  into 1 1/2 inch-wide strips, then cut diagonally at 2-inch intervals
  to make diamonds. Bake 35 to 40 minutes or until golden. Drizzle
  honey on top and bake 5 minutes more. Cool in pan on wire rack. Serve
  warm or at room temperature with whipped or ice cream. Makes 12
  servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BANANA BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter, softened
    1/2 c  Brown Sugar
    1/2 c  Granulated Sugar
      2 x  Eggs
      3 tb Sour Cream
      1 x  Banana, mashed
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking Powder
      1 ts Baking Soda
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      2 x  Apples, cored and chopped
    1/2 c  Chopped Walnuts
 
   Preheat oven to 350 deg F.
   Cream butter and sugars, and beat in eggs. Stir in sour cream,
  banana and vanilla.
   In separate bowl, combine flour, baking powder, soda and cinnamon.
  Gradually add to butter mixture. Gently stir in apples and nuts.
  Spoon into greased bread pan and bake 1 hour.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BARLEY SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Appetizers, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lg Onions, thinly sliced
      2 tb Vegetable oil
  3 1/2 c  Vegetable stock
  1 1/2 c  Apple cider
    1/3 c  Pearl barley
      2 lg Carrots, diced
      1 ts Thyme
    1/4 ts Dried marjoram
      1 ea Bay leaf
      2 c  Unpeeled chopped apples
    1/4 c  Fresh parsley, minced
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  In a small soup pot, saute onions in oil over medium heat for 5
  minutes, stirring constantly. Reduce heat, cover and cook, stirring
  frequently for 10 min.or until onions are browned. Add stock, cider,
  barley, carrots, thyme, marjoram and bay leaf. Cover and cook for one
  hour or until barley is tender.  Add apples, parsley and lemon juice.
  Cook for 5 minutes or until apples are slightly soft. Discard bay
  leaf and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BBQ SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Bar-b-q, My
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Catsup
    1/4 c  Apple juice/cider
    1/4 c  Apple cider vinegar
    1/4 c  Soy sauce
    3/4 ts Garlic powder
    3/4 ts White pepper
    1/3 c  Grated, peeled apple
    1/4 c  Grated onion
      2 ts Grated green pepper
 
  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes. Rub meat with 1 T
  pepper, 1 T paprika, 2 t chili powder, 1/2 t celery salt, 1/2 t
  ground red pepper and 1/4 t dry mustard before cooking. Baste with
  1/2 c apple juice while cooking.  Add sauce last 15 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BEEF BRISKET
 Categories: Beef, Meats
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           -JUDI M. PHELPS
      1    Beef brisket (4 to 5 lb);
           -trimmed of fat
      1 lg Yellow onion; peeled and
           -quartered
      2 lg Cloves garlic; chopped
     10    Cloves garlic; whole
     10 oz Jar apple jelly
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
      3 tb Dijon mustard
      2 lg Green onions; chopped
           -about 1/4 cup
    1/2 ts ;salt
    3/4 ts Freshly ground black pepper
    3/4 ts Curry powder
      1 c  Apple juice
    1/4 c  Parsley; chopped, for
           -garnish
 
  Place brisket, the yellow onion, chopped garlic and garlic cloves in a
  large Dutch oven.  Add water to cover and bring to a boil. Reduce
  heat, cover and simmer 2 1/2 hours or until the brisket is tender.
  Drain brisket. (If you wish, you could keep the brisket covered with
  the cooking liquid and refrigerate it overnight. This will help
  prepare for the next day.) In a small saucepan, mix together the
  apple jelly, wine, mustard, green onions, salt, pepper, and curry
  powder. Heat until the jelly melts.
  
  Place brisket in a shallow roasting pan and brush some of the jelly
  mixture over the top.  Bake at 325 degrees F. for 45 minutes, basting
  3 or 4 times with the remaining jelly mixture. Remove the meat to a
  platter to keep warm.  Place the pan over 2 burners and add apple
  juice, stirring to scrape up browned bits on bottom of pan. Bring to
  a boil over medium-high heat. Boil, stirring, until slightly
  thickened and reduced by about half. Pour into a gravy boat. Slice
  meat and garnish with the parsley. Serve with gravy.  Makes 8 servings
  
  Per 4-oz cooked meat with 3 tablespoons gravy: 396 calories, 33 g
  pro, 30 g car, 15 g fat, 105 mg chol, 295 mg sod. Source: Woman's Day
  Magazine.
  
  Shared and MM by Judi M. Phelps. jphelps@shell.portal.com or
  jphelps@best.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BEET BORSCHT
 Categories: Vegetarian, Soups, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 oz Tomato paste
      4 c  Water or light vegetable
           -stock
    1/4 x  Med. reg or green cabbage
           -thinly sliced
      2 ea Carrots, julienned
      1 x  Clove Garlic, minced
      3 x  Beets, julienned
      1 md Onion, thinly sliced
      2 c  Apple cider
    1/4 c  Tamari
    1/4 c  Sherry
      2 tb Molasses or honey
      1 tb Dried dill
      2 ts Dried basil
      1 tb Caraway seeds
      1 tb Canola oil
 
  Saute caraway seeds in canola oil. Then, combine all ingredients in a
  soup pot. Bring to a boil, then lower heat and simmer 2-3 hours,
  stirring occasionally. Puree one-third of the soup in food
  proceessor; return puree to the pot and mix thoroughly. Serve hot or
  cold with a dollop of Tofu Sour Cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BERRY SALSA WITH CINNAMON CHIPS
 Categories: Salsas
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Chips:
      2    10-inch flour tortillas
           Water
      1 tb Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
           Salsa:
      2 md Granny Smith apples --
           Peel/core/chop
      1 c  Strawberries -- hulled &
           Sliced
      1    Kiwi -- peeled and chopped
      1 sm Orange
      2 tb Brown sugar
      2 tb Apple jelly
 
  Preheat oven to 475. Lightly brush one side of tortillas with water.
  Combine cinnamon and sugar, sprinkle over tortillas. Cut each
  tortilla into 8 wedges. Place wedges on a stone or cookie sheet. Bake
  5 - 7 minutes or until golden brown.  Remove to cooling rack. While
  tortillas are baking, zest orange (about 2 tbsp.) and juice orange
  (about 1/4 cup). Combine prepared fruit, orange zest, orange juice,
  brown sugar and apple jelly. Serve fruit salsa with cinnamon chips.
  Yield - 8 servings Approx. 74 calories and less than 1 gram of fat
  per serving
  
  Recipe By     : Guccie
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BLOSSOM
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, New (to be, Gin
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 oz Gin
      1 oz Orange Juice
      2 ds Calvados
 
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BLOSSOM CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Ethnic, Cajun
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  All-purpose flour
      1 tb Baking powder
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cloves
      1 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 c  Vegetable cooking oil
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      3    Eggs
      3 c  Apples -- diced and unpared
      1 c  Pecans -- chopped
 
  Sift dry ingredients into large bowl. Pour oil, vanilla and eggs into
  mixture. Beat with spoon until mixed. Add apples and pecans. Place in
  greased and floured tube pan. Bake at 325 for 1 hour and 15 minutes.
  Cool cake on wire rack.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  NOTES : Festival: Louisiana Nursery Festival; March 17-19, 1995
  Contact: Clyde Holloway Address: P.O. Box 339, Forest Hill, LA 71430
  Phone: 318-748-6803
  
  Recipe By     : LA Festivals
  
  From: 	owner-Mm-Recipes@idiscover.Net O
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BLUEBERRY CRUMBLE PIE
 Categories: Fruits, Pies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Pastry
    2/3 c  Flour
    1/3 c  Butter; cubed
    1/3 c  Cream cheese; in pieces
      1 tb Sugar; granulated
           Filling:
      4    Apples; large, peeled, core
  1 1/2 c  Blueberries; fresh
    1/2 c  Sugar; granulated
    1/3 c  Flour
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Breadcrumbs; dry
           Crumble:
      1 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Sugar; brown, packed
    1/2 c  Butter; cubed
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
 
    For pastry, place flour, butter, cream cheese and sugar in bowl of
  food processor; process 15-2o seconds or till dough forms soft ball
  on blade. Gather into a ball; flatten into disk, if necessary, wrap
  and chill till firm enough to roll.  On lightly floured surface, roll
  out dough to 1/*" thickness. Line 9" pie plate with dough. Trim
  edges. Chill while preparing filling. For filling: toss apples and
  blueberries ib bowl with sugar and cinnamon till evenly coated.
  Sprinkle breadcrumbs over bottom of pie shell; fill with fruit
  mixture, mounded in centre. For crumble; combine flour, brown sugar,
  butter and cinnamon in food processor. Pat crumble mixture evenly
  over filling. Bake in 400F oven about 45 minutes or till apples are
  tender and juices are bubbling, shielding with foil if necessary.
  
  from Toronto Star's Canada's Cooking Contest 1992 for 125th birthday
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BLUEBERRY PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Sugar
      3 tb Cornstarch
    1/2 ts Salt
      5 c  Apples,peeled and sliced
      1 c  Blueberries,fresh if possibl
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 ea Unbaked double crust pastry
      2 tb Margarine
 
     In a large bowl,stir together sugar,cornstarch and salt.Add
  apples,blueberries and lemon juice;toss to coat the fruit.Turn into
  pastry lined 9" pie plate.Dot with margarine.Add top crust; seal and
  flute edge.Bake in a 425 degree oven until crust is browned and
  filling is bubbly.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BRAN MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Bran
      1 c  Whole wheat pastry flour
  2 1/2 ts Baking powder
    3/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ground cloves
    1/3 c  Milk
      2    Eggs
    3/4 c  Maple syrup
    1/4 c  Butter
      1 c  Apples, green are best,
           Chopped
      1 c  Raisins (opt)
 
  Combine bran, flour, baking powder, nutmeg and cloves; set aside.
  Cream together milk, eggs, maple syrup, and butter; fold in flour
  mixture. Stir in apples and raisins. Pour into oiled muffin tins, and
  bake at 350 degrees until tops split, 15 to 25 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BRAN SPICE MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Honey
    1/4 c  Applesauce, room temp
      1 ts Vanilla
      1    Egg white, whipped
    1/2 c  Buttermilk, room temp
    1/2 c  Apples, chopped/grated
    3/4 c  Flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ginger
    1/4 ts Allspice
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Cloves
    1/2 c  Bran
    1/4 c  Raisins
 
  Preheat oven at 350.  Prepare muffin tins with cooking spray and
  flour. In a mixing bowl, combine honey, applesauce, vanilla, egg
  white, buttermilk and apples. In another mixing bowl, combine flour,
  baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger, allspice, nutmeg,
  cloves, bran, and raisins. Mix wet ingredients with dry ingredients
  just until moistened. Use an ice cream scoop to fill muffin tins two
  thirds full.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes.
  
  NOTES: Buttermilk Substitute: Combine 1 1/2 teaspoons vinegar with
  enough milk to equal 1/2 cup; let sit 5 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BRANDY BUTTER
 Categories: Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6 c  Fresh unsweetened applesauce
    1/2 c  Calvados
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Orange blossom honey
      1 tb Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground cloves
 
  Place all ingredients in heavy saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium
  heat, stirring frequently. Cook for about 15 minutes, or until
  mixture begins to thicken. Pour into hot sterilized jars, leaving 1/4
  inch headspace. Vacuum seal. Makes 6 1/2 pint jars. From Gourmet
  Preserves, Judith Choate.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BRANDY CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
  1 3/4 c  Sugar
      1 tb Baking soda
    1/2 c  Nuts (1/2 to 1 cup)
    1/2 c  Raisins (optional)
      2 c  Diced apples
      2 tb Applejack (brandy)
      3 ea Eggs
      1 c  Oil
      1 tb Vanilla
 
  Combine flour, sugar, baking soda, nuts and raisins. Combine apples,
  applejack, eggs, oil, and vanilla. Combine two mixtures (will be
  stiff). Spread in a greased and floured tube pan. Bake 40-45 minutes
  (no temperature given, sic).  Let stand 10 minutes. Pour two ounces of
  applejack over the cake. From Apple Recipes by the Connecticut Apple
  MArketing Board and the Connecticut Department of Agriculture
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BRAZIL NUT SQUARES *
 Categories: Desserts, Apples, Nuts, Bars
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------

MMMMM---------------------------PASTRY--------------------------------
      2 c  Flour
      3 tb Sugar
    3/4 c  Butter or margarine; cut up
      1    Egg; slightly beaten
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
      4 tb Water; iced

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      6    Egg yolks
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/8 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Brazil nuts -OR- almonds;
           - pulverized
    1/3 c  Dark -OR- light raisins
      3 c  Tart appples; shredded
           - about 3 large
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      6 tb Apricot jam
      6 tb Butter or margarine; melted

MMMMM-------------------------SERVE WITH------------------------------
           Slightly sweetened whipped
           - cream
           Toasted slivered almonds
 
  Mix flour and sugar in bowl. Cut butter into mixture until pieces are
  the size of peas. Blend the egg, lemon juice and 3 tbls water.
  Sprinkle over the dry ingredients. Toss with fork until four is
  moistened. Press into a ball. Add last tbls of water if needed. Roll
  pastry into a 9x13" baking pan, building the edge up about 1". In
  small bowl, beat egg yolks until fluffy. Add sugar and salt. Beat at
  high speed until thick and lemon colored. Blend in the nuts and
  raisins. Fold in the appples and cinnamon. Spread apricot jam over
  the pastry. Top with apple-nut
  
  mixture. Bake at 350 for 25 minutes. Drizzle with melted butter.
  Return to oven. Bake 15-20 minutes longer until top is golden. Cut
  into squares. Serve warm with slightly sweetened whipped cream and
  garnished with almonds.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Shortening
      1 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
      1 tb Baking soda
      2 tb Sour milk
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Finely chopped apples
    1/2 c  Nutmeats
 
  Cream shortening, sugar, and eggs.  Dissolve baking soda in sour
  milk. (1 tbsp. of vinegar plus 2 tsp. milk can be substituted in
  place of the sour milk). Add sour milk and baking soda mixture to the
  creamed mixture. Then add remaining ingredients and mix together. Put
  in a large greased loaf pan and top with the following topping.
  
  Mix together:
  
  2 tbsp. butter    2 tbsp. flour 2 tbsp. sugar 1 tsp. cinnamon
  
  Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BREAD #2
 Categories: Breads, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      4 c  Flour
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Vegetable Oil
      2 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Chopped Nuts
      2 ts Baking Soda
      2 ts Cinnamon
      4 x  Eggs, beaten
    1/4 c  Sour Cream
      2 c  Chopped Apples
 
   Preheat oven to 350 deg F.
   Sift together flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt and set aside.
   Combine sugar, eggs, oil, sour cream and vanilla, beating well.
  Blend into flour mixture. Fold in apples and nuts and pour into 2
  greased and floured loaf pans.
   Bake 1 hour or until loaves test done.
   Males 2 loaves.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BREAD (ABM)
 Categories: Breads, Abm, Fruits, Fat-free
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
MMMMM------------------1-POUND RECIPE (8 SLICES-----------------------
      1 ts Yeast
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 tb Nonfat dry milk
      1 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 ts Nutmeg
  2 1/2 c  Bread flour
      2 tb Lite applesauce
    2/3 c  Water
    1/2 c  Dried apples; chopped

MMMMM-----------------1-1/2 POUND RECIPE (12 SL----------------------
  1 1/2 ts Yeast
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Nonfat dry milk
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Nutmeg
  3 1/3 c  Bread flour
      3 ts Lite applesauce
      1 c  Water
    3/4 c  Dried apples; chopped
 
  Add ingredients in the order suggested by the bread machine
  manufacturer and follow baking instructions provided in the manual.
  
  Source:  "Recipes for Fat-free Living: Breads for Bread Machines" by
  Jyl Steinback; 1996. MM format by Mary Ann Young
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BREAD II
 Categories: Breads, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      4 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking Soda
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Cinnamon
      2 c  Sugar
      4 x  Eggs, beaten
      1 c  Vegetable Oil
    1/4 c  Sour Cream
      2 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Chopped Apples
      1 c  Chopped Nuts
 
   Preheat oven to 350 deg F.
   Sift together flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt and set aside.
   Combine sugar, eggs, oil, sour cream and vanilla, beating well.
  Blend into flour mixture. Fold in apples and nuts and pour into 2
  greased and floured loaf pans.
   Bake 1 hour or until loaves test done.
   Males 2 loaves.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BREAD PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts, Low-fat
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Nonfat milk
    3/4 c  Maple syrup
      1 tb Ground cinnamon
      1 c  Egg whites (6-8 eggs)
      4 c  Diced bread
      2 c  Apple, peeled, cored and
           Diced
      1 c  Raisins
 
  Preheat the oven to 350F.  In a large bowl, combine the milk, maple
  syrup, and cinnamon.  In another bowl, beat the egg whites until
  frothy. Add the egg whites to the milk mixture and stir to combine
  thoroughly. Add the bread and toss well.  Set aside to soak for 30
  minutes. Fold in the diced apples and raisins and pour into a
  nonstick or lightly oiled 8x12x2" baking dish. Bake for 45-50
  minutes, or until the top is very brown and crisp. A knife inserted
  into the middle should come out clean at this point. Serve warm or at
  room temperature.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BREAKFAST BAR
 Categories: Fruits, Breakfast
      Yield: 20 Bars
 
      1 c  Whole wheat flour
    3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    2/3 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/2 c  Dried apricots; chopped
    1/2 c  Dried prunes; chopped
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/4 c  Wheat bran
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Baking soda
      1    Apple; grated
    3/4 c  Yogurt, plain, low-fat
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
      2    Eggs
 
  in bowl, mix whole wheat and all-purpose flours, sugar, apricots,
  prunes, raisins, bran, baking powder, connamon, salt, nutmeg, baking
  soda and apple; set aside. Whisk together yhogurt, oil and eggs; stir
  into dry ingredients just until combined. Spread in greased 9-inch
  square cake pan. Bake in 350F 180C oven for 35-40 minutes or until
  cake tester inserted in centre comes out clean. Let cool in pan on
  rack; cut into bars. (Bars can be stored in airtight container for up
  to 3 days, or individually wrapped and frozen for up to 1 month.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BREAKFAST BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Apples, Breakfast
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
      3    Apples
      1 ts Salt
      4 ts Baking powder
      2 tb Brown sugar
      4 tb Shortening
    3/4 c  Milk
      2 c  Chopped raisins
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1    Egg; well beaten
      2 tb Melted butter or butter
      2 tb Brown sugar
           -substitute
 
  Sift flour, measure, and sift with baking powder, salt, and sugar.
  Cut in shortening and add raisins. Add sufficient milk to which egg
  has been added to make a stiff dough. Mix thoroughly. Pour into
  well-oiled shallow pan. Brush dough with melted butter. Pare,
  quarter, and core apples and cut in thin slices. Arrange in rows in
  the dough, allowing edges to overlap. Brush apples with more melted
  butter and sprinkle with cinnamon and brown sugar which have been
  mixed together. Bake in moderate oven (400 F) 20 minutes or until
  apples are tender.  9 servings. 1941 Pat Empson 05/24 11:11 am FOOD
  AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 05/24 11:25 AM TO:
     PAT EMPSON   (PFXX29A) FROM: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) SUBJECT: MM-MORE
  APPLES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BREAKFAST POPOVER
 Categories: Breakfast, Low-fat
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  All purpose flour
    1/2 c  Skim or 2% milk
      1 tb Melted butter
    1/8 ts Salt
      4    Egg whites

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Chopped apples
    1/2 c  Apple jelly
      2 tb Water
    1/8 ts Cinnamon
 
  Heat oven to 400f.  Spray 8-inch square baking dish with nonstick
  cooking spray.  In medium bowl, beat flour and milk with wire whisk
  until well blended.  Add butter, salt and egg whites; beat well. Pour
  into spray-coated dish.  Bake at 4oof for 25 to 30 minutes or until
  puffed and golden brown.  Meanwhile, in small saucepan combine all
  topping ingredients; heat over low heat until jelly is melted and
  mixture is hot, stirring frequently.  Immediately after removing
  popover from oven, cut into fourths and serve with hot topping. Per
  serving: Cal. 240, fat 3g, Protein 6g, Sodium 180mg.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BROWN BETTY
 Categories: Fruits, Seasonal, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Butter Or Margarine; Melted
      2 c  Soft Bread Crumbs
      6 c  Apples; Pared, Cored And
           -Sliced, About 2 Lbs
    1/2 c  Granulated Or Brown Sugar
    1/2 ts Nutmeg Or Mace
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Lemon Rind; Grated
      2 tb Lemon Juice
    1/4 c  ;Water
 
  Preheat the oven to 375 Degrees F.  Toss the bread crumbs with the
  melted butter, and arrange 1/3 of the crumb mixture in a greased 1
  1/2-quart casserole. Cover with 1/2 of the apples and 1/2 of the
  combined mixture, sugar, nutmeg, cinnamon and rind, blended well.
  Cover with 1/3 of the bread mixture, the rest of the apples and the
  rest of the combined mixture. Spoon on the lemon mixture, lemon juice
  and water combined and well blended, and top with the rest of the
  crumbs. Cover and bake in a moderately-hot oven, 375 Degrees F, for
  1/2 hour.  Uncover and continue baking for another 1/2 hour or until
  the apples are done.
  
  To Serve:
  
  Top with cream, whipped cream with a little cinnamon sprinkled over
  the top, grated cheese or ice cream.
  
  Peach Brown Betty
  
  Substitute 6 cups of fresh peaches for the apples in the above recipe.
  
  For 2 to 3 servings
  
  Halve each of the ingredients, make as directed, using a 1-Quart
  casserole. Bake, covered, at 350 Degrees F., for 1/2 hour. Uncover
  and bake for an additional 1/2 hour or until the apples or peaches
  are done.
  
  From:  The Good Housekeeping Cookbook  Copyright 1949
  
  Posted by:  Rich Harper
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BROWN BETTY (NANCY EPPEL'S)
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------------CRUMB MIXTURE----------------------------
  1 1/3 c  FRESH BREAD CRUMBS
    3/4 c  PACKED BROWN SUGAR
      1 ts GRATED ORANGE PEEL (FRESH)
    1/2 ts GROUND CINNAMON

MMMMM------------------------BROWN BETTY-----------------------------
      6 ea GRANNY SMITH APPLES (8 CUPS)
      4 tb BUTTER (CUT IN SMALL PIECES)
    1/4 c  WATER
 
  PEEL, CORE AND QUARTER THE APPLES. HEAT OVEN TO 375 DEG F. HAVE A 1
  1/2 QUART BAKING DISH READY. MIX ALL THE CRUMB MIXTURE INGREDIENTS
  TOGETHER IN A BOWL UNTIL WELL BLENDED. ARRANGE HALF THE APPLE PIECES
  OVER THE BOTTOM OF THE BAKING DISH. SPRINKLE WITH HALF THE CRUMB
  MIXTURE. DOT WITH HALF THE BUTTER. REPEAT THE LAYERS. DRIZZLE THE
  WATER OVER THE APPLES. COVER AND BAKE FOR 45 TO 50 MINUTES OR UNTIL
  APPLES IN CENTER ARE TENDER. SERVE WARM OR AT ROOM TEMPERATURE. MAKES
  6 SERVINGS. EACH SERVING =: 278 CALORIES; 8 g FAT; 1 g PROTEIN; 272
  mg CARBO; 21 mg CHOL (WITH BUTTER) AND 0 CHOL WITH MARGARINE; 136 mg
  SODIUM
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BROWN BETTY WITH BRANDY BUTTER
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
      4 c  Bread cubes, white or whole
           -wheat, 1/2 inch cubes, pack
           -tightly to measure
      6 c  Apples, peeled, cored, and
           -sliced (6 med size apples)
    3/4 c  Light brown sugar, firmly
           -packed
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ground nutmeg
      2 tb Grated lemon peel
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/3 c  Water
           Sweetened whipped cream
           Brandy Butter (see below)
 
  Heat oven to 375F degrees. Grease a 2 1/2 quart casserole dish. In a
  skillet, using moderate heat, melt butter. Add bread cubes, and mix
  lightly in butter. Spoon 1/3 of bread cubes into the casserole dish.
  
  Using a large bowl, toss sliced apples, brown sugar, cinnamon,
  nutmeg, and grated lemon peel. Cover layer of bread cubes, in
  casserole, with 1/2 apple mixture. Repeat layers once more. Reserve
  last 1/3 of bread cubes for top layer. Mix lemon juice and water.
  Pour over top of casserole. Tightly cover the casserole and bake 30
  minutes. Remove cover and bake 30-40 minutes more. Serve warm with
  whipped cream and Brandy Butter.
  
  BRANDY BUTTER
  
      1/2 c  butter or margarine
    1 1/2    cups powdered sugar 2 TBs brandy or 2 TBs artificial rum
  flavoring
  
  Cream butter in a bowl. Add sugar gradually; beat till smooth. Stir in
  brandy. Spoon into serving bowl. Refrigerate until serving time.
  (Makes 1 cup)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BROWN BETTY WITH RUM WHIPPED CREAM
 Categories: Desserts, Holiday
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           MAIN INGREDIENTS:
      1 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
    3/4 c  Sugar
      8 tb (1 stick) unsalted butter,
           -chilled, cut into 1/2" piec
      4    Slices firm-textured bread;
           -crusts removed
      1 c  Raisins
      3    Granny Smith apples; peeled,
           -cored, and cut into 1/2-inc
           -pieces (about 1-1/2 pounds)
           RUM WHIPPED CREAM:
      1 c  Heavy cream
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Dark rum
 
  To make the apple brown betty: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
  Butter a 9-inch-square baking dish. Sift the flour, salt, cinnamon,
  nutmeg, and sugar into a bowl. Cut the butter into small pieces; cut
  it into the flour mixture, using a pastry blender, until the mixture
  resembles coarse crumbs. Cut the bread into 1-inch-square pieces.
  Soak the raisins in boiling water to cover for about 5 minutes, until
  plump, the drain them. Combine the bread, raisins, and sliced apples
  in a bowl. Sprinkle the bottom of the prepared baking dish with 3/4
  cup of the flour mixture, add the apple mixture, and top with the
  remaining flour mixture. Bake, uncovered, in the preheated oven until
  the top of the brown betty is crisp and golden and the apples are
  tender, 35 to 45 minutes. To make the rum whipped cream: In a chilled
  medium bowl, beat the cream and sugar until stiff. Beat in the rum.
  Serve the betty warm, with the rum whipped cream. Serves 6. Submitted
  By ROBERT.FOSTER@NASHVILLE.COM (ROBERT FOSTER) On 10 NOV 1995 060029
  ~0700
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BROWN RICE STUFFING
 Categories: Side dish, Low-fat
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 md Red apple; cored and diced
    1/2 c  Chopped onions
    1/2 c  Sliced celery
    1/3 c  Seedless raisins
    1/2 ts Poultry seasoning
    1/4 ts Dry thyme leaves
    1/4 ts Ground black pepper
      2 ts Margarine
      3 c  Cooked brown rice
           -- (cooked in apple juice)
    1/3 c  Rice bran
    1/3 c  Slivered almonds, toasted
    1/4 c  Apple juice
 
  Cook apple, onions, celery, raisins, poultry seasoning, thyme, and
  pepper in margarine in large skillet until vegetables are tender
  crisp. Stir in remaining ingredients.  Use as stuffing for poultry or
  pork roast. To serve as a side dish, cook until thoroughly heated.
  
  Each serving provides: * 247 calories * 5.3 g. protein * 7.4 g. fat,
  * 43.2 g. carbohydrate * 5.1 g. dietary fiber * 33 mg. sodium * 0 mg.
  cholesterol
  
  Source: "Light, Lean & Low Fat" booklet Reprinted with permission
  from USA Rice Council Electronic format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BROWNIES
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2    Stick margarine
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      3    Apples, chopped
    3/4 c  Nuts
      2    Eggs
  1 1/2 c  Flour
    3/4 ts Soda
    3/4 ts Baking powder
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
 
  Cream margarine, sugar and eggs.  Add flour, soda, baking powder and
  cinnamon; mix well.  Stir in apples and nuts. Bake at 375 degrees for
  40 minutes. Randy Rigg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BULGUR BREAKFAST
 Categories: Diabetic, Nuts, Fruits, Breakfast
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Dried apple rings;
    1/4 c  Heaped bulgur;
    2/3 c  Cup natural yogurt
           -=OR=-
    2/3 c  Fromage frais;
    1/4 c  Milk;
           A little artifical sweetener
           -(optional)
 
  Mix the apple and bulgur in a bowl, then stir in the yogurt or formage
  frais and half the milk.  Cover and set aside for 30 minutes, or
  until the bulgur is softened and swollen. The grain should stillhave
  some bite, although it can be left covered in the refrigerator
  overnight. Stir well and add extra milk necessary to make the mixture
  creamy. The mixture can be sweetened with artificial sweetener if
  liked.
  
  Very the fruit, if you like, or add fresh fruit to the plain soaked
  bulgar.
  
  Food Exchanges were not listed. Source: The Diabetic Cookbook by
  Bridget Jones.
  
  Brought to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and Her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER
 Categories: Fruits, Jams
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3 qt Unsweetened Applesauce
      2 lb Granulated Sugar
      1 lb Brown Sugar
    3/4 c  Apple Cider

MMMMM---------------------------SPICES--------------------------------
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Allspice
    3/4 ts Cloves
      3 ts Cinnamon
 
   The thicker skinned, late Summer and Fall apples produce a grainier
  texture that's best for applesauce.
   Stir applesauce, sugars, and cider together and cook in a slow oven
  (325 deg F.) for 3 hours, stirring occasionally.
   Add spices. Return to oven and cook 1 hour more. Apple butter
  requires long, slow cooking. (Can also be made in a crockpot.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER BARBEQUE SAUCE
 Categories: 
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      8 oz Tomoto sauce
    1/2 c  Apple butter
      1 tb Worcestershire sauce
 
  In a small sacuepan, combine all ingredients.  Bring just to a boil.
  
  Brush sauce on burgers during last ten minutes of cooking. Heat
  remaining sauce just until bubbly and serve on the side.
  
  Makes 1 1/2 - 2 cups, enough for 1-2 lbs of meat.
  
  Recipe By     : Better Homes & Gardens, July 1996
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER BREAD
 Categories: Abm
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
    1/2 tb Yeast
      1 c  Flour; whole wheat
      2 c  Flour; bread
      1 ts Salt
      1 tb Sugar
    1/2 c  Apple butter
      2 tb Oil
      1 c  Water
 
  Bring bread ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery, in
  order. Set "baking control" at 10 o'clock. Select "white bread" and
  push Start.
  
  Bake the apple butter right into the bread.  Try substituting any
  favorite jam or jelly for the apple butter.
  
  Apple's comments: I substituted Peach Butter for the Apple Butter in
  this recipe and it was delicious.  It has a very nice texture and
  aroma!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Butter or Margarine,
           -softened
      1 c  Packed Brown Sugar
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Quick Cooking Oats
    1/2 c  Apple Butter
      1 c  All-purpose Flour
    1/2 ts Baking Soda
    1/2 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Milk
    1/2 c  Nuts, chopped
    1/2 c  Raisins
 
  In a mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar. Beat in egg, oats, and apple
  butter. Combine dry ingredients; gradually add to creamed mixture
  along with the milk; beat until blended. Stir in nuts and raisins.
  Chill well. drop by teaspoonfuls onto a lightly greased cookie sheet.
  Bake at 350 degrees for 15 minutes. NOTE: Freeze baked cookies in
  tins or freezer bags for the months ahead.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER MUFFINS
 Categories: 
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
 
        2 c  flour
      3/4 c  brown sugar
    1 1/2 ts baking powder
      1/4 ts baking soda
      1/2 ts salt
        1 ts cinnamon
      1/2 ts ginger
      3/4 c  apple butter
      1/2 c  butter or margarine, melted
  :          and cooled
      1/4 c  skim milk
        2    eggs, lightly beaten
        3 TB honey
        1 ts vanilla
      1/2 c  raisins  (optional)
  
  Preheat oven to 400 F.
  
  In a large bowl, combine dry ingredients (the first 7 ingredients)
  and make a well in the center. In smaller bowl, combine wet
  ingredients (the next 6 ingredients). Pour wet mixture into the
  "well" of the dry ingredients and stir just to combine (10-15
  strokes). Fold in raisins with as few strokes as possible.
  
  Spoon batter into 12 muffin cups (if you don't use muffin liners,
  spray the pan with cooking spray).
  
  Bake 20-25 minutes, until cake tester comes out clean. Remove muffin
  tin to cooling rack and cool 5 mins. before removing muffins from
  tin. (Do *not* let muffins cool completely in the tin.)
  
  Recipe By     : Jenni Miller
  
  From: Johnnye Tamaru
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER REFRIGERATOR COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      1 c  SUGAR
      1 c  BUTTER/MARGARINE, SOFTENED
    1/4 c  APPLE BUTTER
      1    EGG
  2 1/2 c  ALL-PURPOSE FLOUR
      1 c  CHEDDAR CHEESE, SHREDDED
    1/2 ts BAKING SODA
    1/2 ts APPLE PIE SPICE
 
  MIX SUGAR, BUTTER, APPLE BUTTER AND EGG.  STIR IN REMAINING
  INGREDIENTS. COVER AND REFRIGERATE AT LEAST 2 HOURS. DIVIDE DOUGH IN
  HALF. SHAPE EACH HALF INTO ROLL, ABOUT 1 1/2 INCHES IN DIAMETER AND
  OUT 8 INCHES LONG. WRAP AND REFRIGERATE AT LEAST 4 HOURS.  HEAT OVEN
  TO 400 DEGREES. CUT ROLLS INTO 1/8-INCH SLICES. PLACE ABOUT 1 INCH
  APART ON UNGREASED COOKIE SHEET. BAKE 7 TO 9 MINUTES OR UNTIL EDGES
  ARE LIGHT BROWN; COOL. ABOUT 6 DOZEN COOKIES; 55 CALORIES PER COOKIE.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER WITH BLUEBERRIES (TDN)
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
      1 lb Cooking apples (about 6 med.
           Peeled, cored and thinly
           Sliced)
    1/2 c  Blueberries
      1 tb Apple cider
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 tb Unsalted butter
 
  Combine the apple slices, blueberries, cider, lemon juice and
  cinnamon in a 1 quart casserole dish and cover, microwaving on full
  power until the fruit is very tender, about 10 minutes. Then uncover
  the let the mixture cool for about 5 minutes.
  
  Combine the fruit mixture (liquids too) and butter in a processor or
  blender and whiz until pureed, about 5 seconds. Great warm or chilled,
  especiall on pancakes or sourdough toast. Stores covered and
  refrigerated for up to a week; makes 1 1/2 cups.
  
  Assorted recipes from the Detroit News, entered by Diane Pahl
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER WITH PORT
 Categories: Canning
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      1    Port, 4/5 quart
      4 c  Water
      6 lg Golden delicious apples
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      1    Cinnamon stick
 
    Pare apples and thinly slice. Combine port with water and bring to
  boil over high heat. Add apples and simmer uncovered, stirring
  occasionally for 45 minutes. Add sugar and spices and cook 20 -25
  minutes until it resembles applesauce. Prepare 3 pint jars and fill.
  Set aside to cool and check seals. sunset home canning.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER-OATMEAL BARS
 Categories: Bar cookies, Cookies, Travel, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter Or Margarine;Softened
    1/2 c  Brown Sugar; Packed
    1/2 c  Apple Butter
      1 ea Egg; Large
    2/3 c  Flour; Unbleached
    1/2 ts Baking Soda
    1/2 ts Baking Powder
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 c  Oats; Quick Cooking Rolled
      1 c  Coconut; Flaked
 
  Cream butter and sugar; blend in apple butter and egg. Stir flour with
  soda, baking powder and salt; stir into creamed mixture. Stir in oats
  and coconut. Spread in greased 13 X 9 X 2-inch baking pan. Bake at
  350 degrees F. about 20 minuts.  If desired, sift powdered sugar over
  top while still warm; cool.  Cut into bars.
  
  Makes 36 bars.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER-STREUSEL MUFFINS
 Categories: Breakfast, Low-fat, Breads
      Yield: 30 Muffins
 
           Vegetable cooking spray
           -- optional
  1 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Wheat germ
    1/2 c  Firmly packed brown sugar
  2 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt, optional
    1/2 c  Apple butter
    3/4 c  Skim milk
      3 tb Margarine; melted
      2    Egg whites; slightly beaten

MMMMM----------------------STREUSEL TOPPING---------------------------
    1/8 ts Ground cinnamon
      3 tb Wheat germ
      2 tb Firmly packed brown sugar
      1 tb All-purpose flour
      1 tb Margarine; melted
 
  Preheat oven to 400 F.  Line 30 mini-muffin pan cups or 12 medium
  muffin cups with paper liners, or spray bottoms only wtih cooking
  spray.
  
  In medium bowl, combine flour, wheat germ, brown sugar, baking powder
  and salt; mix well. In small bowl, combine apple butter, milk,
  margarine and egg whites until well blended. Add to flour mixture,
  stirring just until dry ingredients are moistened.
  
  Fill muffin cups almost full with batter.  Prepare streusel topping
  (see below); sprinkle evenly over batter, patting gently. Bake
  mini-muffins 12 to 15 minutes, and larger muffins 20 to 22 minutes,
  or until wooden toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Serve
  warm.
  
  STREUSEL TOPPING: in small bowl, combine all ingredients; mix until
  well blended.
  
  Notes: To freeze, wrap muffins securely in foil or place in freezer
  bag. Seal, label and freeze.  To reheat muffins, unwrap; microwave on
  High (100% power) about 30 seconds per muffin.
  
  Per Serving (1 mini-muffin): About 75 cal, 5 g pro, 13 g car, 2 g
  fat, 24% cal from fat, 0 mg chol, 65 mg sod.
  
  Source: Woman's Day 'Low-Fat Meals' (Volume IV, Number 3) Typed for
  you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER/3 METHODS
 Categories: Canning, Crockpot
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
     16 c  Apple puree
      1 c  Apple cider
      4 c  Sugar; granulated
      4 c  Brown sugar
      4 ts Cinnamon
 
    This same recipe can be used to make apple, grape, peach, pear or
  plum butters.  In general use 1 cup fruit pulp to 1/2 cup sugar.
  Spice to taste and cook slowly. To make apple butter, use tart
  cooking apples, not the sweet eating varieties. If sweet apples are
  all you have to use, reduce the sugar by 1/3 to 1/2.
     Wash, quarter and core the unpeeled fruit.  Place in a heavy
  kettle with just enough water to prevent scorching. Cook until soft,
  stirring frequently,  and press through a food mill. Mix ingredients
  in a heavy kettle and cook over low heat, stirring frequently, until
  thick. When ready, a spoonful put on a plate should hold its shape
  and not 'weep' liquid around the edges of the mound after sitting for
  five minutes. This usually takes about two hours of cooking but can
  take as long as four, so plan this project for a day when you have
  other things to do in the kitchen. Don't try and hurry the process as
  the mixture can easily burn and burned apple butter is only good for
  the compost pile. Stir frequently, and if possible use a 'heat
  difuser' between the burner and the kettle.
    Oven Method:  Cook the fruit butter in a roasting pan in a 250 -
  300 F. oven until thick;  may take 6 to 8 hours. Stir occasionally.
  It needs less stirring this way but uses take much more energy and
  can be awkward to stir.
    Crockpot Method:  Put ingredients in crockpot and cook, uncovered,
  for about 12 hours, stirring occasionally, until it passes the test
  given above.
     When finished, pack into jars per standard canning methods and
  process pints 5 minutes or quarts 10 minutes in a boiling water bath.
  Adapted from 12 Months Harvest, Ortho Books, by Linda Shogren
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTER/OVEN
 Categories: Canning
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3    Unsweetened applesauce
      2    Granulated sugar
      1    Brown sugar
    3/4    Apple cider
           Spices:
    1/2    Nutmeg
    1/4    Allspice
    3/4    Ground cloves
      3    Cinnamon
 
     The thicker skinned, late Summer and Fall apples produce a grainier
  texture that's best for applesauce. Stir applesauce, sugars, and cider
  together and cook in a slow oven(325 deg F.) for 3 hours, stirring
  occasionally. Add spices. Return to oven and cook 1 hour more. Apple
  butter requires long, slow cooking. (Can also be made in a crockpot.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTERMILK LOAVES
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 c  Margarine
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Brown sugar, packed
      3    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
    3/4 c  Buttermilk
  1 1/2 c  Apple, peeled and chopped
    1/2 c  Nuts
      1 ts Grated orange zest
 
  Combine flour, baking powder, soda and salt. Set aside. Cream butter
  and sugars; beat in eggs one at a time and vanilla. Stir in buttermilk
  alternately with flour mixture. Fold in apples, nuts and orange peel.
  Pour into two 8 1/2 x 4 1/2 x 2 5/8 inch greased and floured loaf
  pans. Bake at 350 degrees 50-60 minutes or until wooden pick inserted
  near center comes out clean. Cool in pan 10 minutes; remove from pan
  and cool completely on wire rack. Wrap and let stand overnight to
  allow flavors to blend.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE BUTTERSCOTCH MUFFINS
 Categories: Apples, Breads, Muffins
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
           -----loreli aguda wskd49a---
      3 c  Self rising flour
    1/3 c  Salad oil
    1/4 c  Sugar
      6 oz Butterscotch chips
      2    Eggs; beaten
      1 c  Apples; peeled and diced
  1 1/2 c  Milk
 
  Combine flour and sugar. Combine remaining ingredients; add all at
  once to
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CAKE
 Categories: German, Fruits, Cakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 ea Apples; medium, tart
      2 ea Lemons; medium, juiced
      3 tb Sugar
      3 tb Butter
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 ea Egg yolks; large, divided *
    1/2 ea Lemon;juiced and peel grated
      1 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 c  Flour; unbleached
    3/4 c  Milk
      1 tb Rum
      2 ea Egg whites; large
      1 tb Butter; to grease cake pan
      1 ts Vegetable oil
      3 tb Confectioners' sugar
 
  *  Do not put the egg yolks together as they will be used
  individually. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++ ++++ Peel apples, cut in half and core. Cut decorative
  lengthwise slits in apples, about 1/2-inch deep. Sprinkle with lemon
  juice and sugar. Set aside.  Cream butter and sugar together.  One at
  a time, beat in egg yolks. Gradually beat in lemon juice and grated
  peel. Sift baking powder and flour together.  Gradually add to
  batter. Blend in milk and rum. In a small bowl, beat egg whites until
  stiff. Fold into batter. Generously grease a springform pan. Pour in
  batter and top with apple halves. Brush apples with oil.  Bake in a
  preheated 350 degree F. oven for 35 to 40 minutes. Remove from pan
  and sprinkle with confectioners' sugar.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CAKE (KATHY COOKS)
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 9"x9" cake
 
      2 tb Butter or margarine
    1/4 c  Honey
    1/4 c  Date sugar
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      1 pn Cloves
      1 pn Nutmeg
      1    Apple; peeled, cored,
           -- sliced about 1/8" thick
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine
      1 c  Pitted dates
    1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/4 c  Chopped walnuts or pecans
  1 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Baking powder
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
  
  Melt first 2 ingredients together in a 9"-square cake pan by putting
  the pan with the ingredients into the oven as it is preheating.
  
  While the ingredients are melting, mix the next 4 ingredients
  together and then mix them into the melted butter and honey. Lay
  apple slices in the syrup to completely cover the bottom of the cake
  pan in an attractive way. (You may need more than one apple if you
  use a small one.)
  
  Fill a 1-cup measuring cup with pitted dates, but don't pack the
  dates into the cup.  With the dates in the cup, fill the cup with
  water, then pour both dates and water into a blender. Add 1/2 cup
  more water into the blender.  Now blend till it forms a smooth, thick
  paste. Add the 1/4 cup butter or margarine and blend till totally
  whipped in. Put the blender mixture into a mixing bowl and add the
  last 5 dry ingredients. Mix just long enough to thoroughly blend in
  all the dry ingredients. Pour this batter on top of apple slices and
  spread evenly in the cake pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 35 to 40
  minutes or till a toothpick inserted in the middle of the cake comes
  out clean. When done, remove from oven and immediately turn the cake
  pan upside down to empty out onto a serving platter.
  
  Source: Kathy Cooks -- Vegetarian, Low Cholesterol (by Kathy Hoshijo)
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CAKE (STEAMED)
 Categories: Steamed foo, Dessert
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Cake Mix
  1 1/3 c  -all-purpose flour --
           Sifted
  1 1/2 ts -baking powder
    1/2 ts -salt
    1/4 c  -granulated sugar
    1/4 c  -shortening
      1    Egg equivalent using
           Scrambled egg mix
      1 tb Powdered milk
           Apple Mix
      4 c  Tart apples; sliced, pared
           And cored
      1 tb Lemon juice and finely
           Shredded peel
           Cinnamon mix
    1/2 ts -cinnamon
    1/4 ts -nutmeg
      2 tb -granulated sugar
    1/2 c  Apricot jam
      2 tb Margarine -- small pieces
    1/2 c  Water
 
  Apple Cake: 1-3 hours steaming at the edge of the fire. Tools: Large
  pot for steaming with a lid or alumimum foil to cover; 2-3 quart pot
  with lid or heavy duty foil to seal top - that fits inside the large
  pot (nestled pot kit workswell). Prepare in advance: Mix together the
  flour, dried egg mix, dried milk powder, baking powder, salt, and 1
  tablespoon granulated sugar. With two knives, cut the shortening into
  theflour until mixture is mealy.  Store in a zip lock bag, Peel the
  apples and slice them. Put them in a zip lock bag with 1 tablespoon
  of lemon juice and any finely chopped lemon peel that is available.
  Apple mixture may be frozen. Mix the cinnamon, nutmeg, and t
  tablespoons of sugar and stone in a small ziplock bag. At the camp
  site: Make a well in the center of the flour mixture in the bag and
  add the water. Stir the mixture to form smooth batter, turn into
  greased smaller pot. Arrange the apples in rows on top, pushing them
  halfway into the dough. Sprinkle over the apples and dot with apricot
  jam. Cut small pieces of butter over all. Cover the cake pot with lid
  or heavy duty foil.  Put the smaller pot inside the larger one and
  fill along the sides with hot water until the water is about 2/3 or
  3/4 of the way up the sides of the cake pot. Place the lid on the
  large pot and place it on the edge of the fire so the water simmers
  and just boils. Check from time to time and add more water as it
  boils down. As longas the water does not boil dry, this cannot be
  overcooked.
  
  Recipe By     : Adapted for Troop 21 Southeast Alaska Council, Boy
  Scouts
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CAKE IN A JAR
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Cakes, Canned
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 x  GWEN HUBBARD CMGD13A
    2/3 c  SHORTNING
  1 1/2 ts SALT
  2 2/3 c  SUGAR
      3 c  FLOUR
      4 ea EGGS
    2/3 c  WATER
      1 ts CINNAMON
      3 c  APPLES;grated
      2 ts BAKING SODA
    2/3 c  RAISINS
    1/2 ts BAKING POWDER
    2/3 c  CHOPPED NUTS
 
  MIX THE INGREDIENTS TOGETHER IN THE ORDER GIVEN.
   STERILIZE 7 TO 9 WIDE MOUTH PINT JARS AND LIDS.
   GREASE THEM WITH SHORTNING.  FILL THE JARS HALF FULL AND BAKE ON THE
  MIDDLE WIRE WIRE RACK IN THE OVEN.
   BAKE FOR 45 MINUTES AT 325 DEGREES. AS SOON AS THE CAKE IS DONE,
  REMOVE THE BOTTLES FROM THE OVEN ONE AT A TIME. WIPE THE RIM OF THE
  BOTTLE CLEAN WITH CLOTH ANDPUT ON THE HOT STERILIZED LIDS.
   SCREW DOWN THE BANDS AND LET COOL. IMPORTANT-- DO NOT USE SMALL MOUTH
  JARS.  DO NOT ADD ANY OTHER INGREDIENTS. AS THE CAKE COOLS IN THE
  SEALED JAR, IT WILL PULL AWAY FROM THE SIDES OF THE JAR AND COME OUT
  EASILY WHEN READY TO SERVE.  SLICE AND SERVE WITH LEMON SAUCE. LEMON
  SAUCE 2 TBLS. CORNSTARCH
                 2 TBLS. BUTTER 1/2 CUP SUGAR 4 1/2 TSP. FINELY GRATED
  LEMON RIND PINCH OF SALT 2 TBLS LEMON JUICE 1 CUP BOILING WATER IN A
  PAN, THOROUGHLY STIR TOGETHER THE CORN STARCH, SUGAR, AND SALT.
  GRADUALLY STIR IN THE BOILING WATER, STIRRING CONSTANTLY TO KEEP IT
  SMOOTH. CONTINUE STIRRING AND COOK OVER MODERATE HEAT UNTIL BOILING.
   BOIL GENTLY FOR ABOUT 20 MINUTES.  REMOVE FROM HEAT, ADD BUTTER,
  LEMON RIND AND JUICE.  STIR THOROUGHLY.
   SERVE HOT OVER APPLE CAKE IN A JAR. MAKES ABOUT 1 1/4 CUPS. THIS
  SAUCE IS THICKER AND MORE TART THAN THE USUAL LEMON SAUCE.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CAKE SUPREME
 Categories: Cakes, Apples
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour
      2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Oil
      3 ts Baking powder
      4    Eggs
    1/3 c  Orange juice
  2 1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Salt
      5 lg Cooking apples, peeled/slicd
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
           Streusal topping:
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
      1 c  Flour
 
  Sift flour and baking powder and add all other ingredients except
  apples, 1/2 cup sugar and cinnamon.Beat with an electric mixer at
  medium speed for 10 minutes. Combine sliced apples with the sugar and
  cinnamon.Alternate layers of batter and apples in a greased and
  floured tube or bundt pan until pan is filled. Combine strueasl crumb
  ingredients with a pastry blender until crumbly and sprinkle over
  unbaked cake. Bake in pan at 325 degrees for 1 1/2 hours or tested
  done. let cool in pan 15 minutes before removing. A superb apple cake
  which even taste better with age.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CAKE WITH CINNAMON
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 24 Sm. pieces
 
      4 c  Diced apples
      2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
      2    Eggs
      2 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Pecans, chopped
      2 c  All-purpose flour
      2 ts Soda
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Salt
 
  toss apples and sugar.  Add oil. mix and add nuts. Add eggs and
  vanilla. In a seperate bowl, sift together flour, soda, cinnamon and
  salt and pour into other ingredients.  Pour into a 9 x 13 baking pan.
  Bake 350 degrees for 1 hour.  Cool and frost.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CAKE WITH CINNAMON SAUCE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      4 c  Peeled, cored, chopped
           Sweet apples such as Mollies
           Delicious, Crispin, red or
           Golden Delicious
      1 c  Chopped nuts
      2 c  Flour
      2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Baking powder
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Salt
      2    Eggs
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
      2 ts Vanilla
           Cinnamon Sauce(recipefollows
 
  Preheat oven to 375F. Butter and flour a 9x13-inch pan. Combine
  apples with nuts in a large bowl and sift dry ingredients over top.
  Mix eggs, oil and vanilla together. Add to the apples and flour
  mixture and mix until well blended. Bake in prepared pan for 35 to 45
  minutes or until tester inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool.
  Serve with Cinnamon Sauce. Makes 12 servings.
  
  CINNAMON SAUCE: Melt 3/4 cup butter in a small saucepan. Add 1 cup
  confectioners' sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, 1/4
  teaspoon nutmeg, and 1/2 cup water. Bring to a boil, then simmer until
  thickened, about 5 minutes. Cool and pour over individual servings of
  cake.
  
  Per serving: Calories 467 Fat 21g Cholesterol 48mg Sodium 358 mg
  Percent calories from fat 40%
  
  Source: Adapted from "Apple Recipes" Dallas Morning News 10/9/96
  Typos by Bobbie Beers
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CAKE WITH ICING
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------CAKE---------------------------------
      3 ea Large Eggs
  1 1/2 c  Oil
      2 c  Sugar
      3 c  Flour
      1 ts Soda
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Pecans
      3 c  Cored, Peeled, Diced Apples

MMMMM---------------------------ICING--------------------------------
      4 oz (1 cube) Margarine
      1 c  Packed Brown Sugar
    1/4 c  Milk
 
  Mix all cake ingredients together and pour into 9 x 13-inch oblong
  pan. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 45 minutes or until cake tester comes
  out clean when inserted in center of cake. Cook icing ingredients in
  small saucepan 2 1/2 minutes and pour over warm cake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CASSEROLE CAKE
 Categories: Eggs, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Hot fruit (apples, cherries)

MMMMM-----------------POUR INTO A CASSEROLE DISH----------------------
      2 tb Sugar
      2    Egg whites
      4 tb Boiling water
      1 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
 
  Add ingredients in order, mixing as you go. Pour over fruit and bake
  at 350 for about 30 minutes.
  
  This is surprisingly good. Ginger is an unusual spice in apple
  things, but it works nicely.
  
  Posted by Posted by Posted by skill@qucis.queensu.ca (David
  Skillicorn) to the Fatfree Digest [Volume 11 Issue 25], Oct. 25,
  1994. FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994.
  Used with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CATSUP
 Categories: Condiments
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Unsweetened apple sauce
      1 ts Ginger
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Cloves
      1 ts Mustard
      1 ts Onion flavoring
      2 ts Salt
      2 c  Vinegar
      1 ts Pepper
 
  Combine all ingredients.  Simmer slowly until thick. Mrs. A.J.
  Jennings, Leander, TX.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEDDAR COOKIES
 Categories: Cheese, Cookies, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ea Egg; lg
      1 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 c  Unbleached flour
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Cinnamon; ground
    1/2 ts Salt
      6 oz Cheddar; sharp, shredded
  1 1/2 c  Apples; cored,peeled,chopped
    1/4 c  Nuts; chopped
 
  Cream the butter and sugar until light and fluffy, then stir in the
  egg and vanilla.  Add the combined dry ingredients, blending well.
  Stir in the cheese, apples and nuts. Drop rounded teaspoonfuls of the
  dough onto an ungreased cookie sheet and bake at 375 degrees F. for
  15 minutes. Remove from the cookie sheet and cool on a wire rack or
  plate.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEDDAR NUT SCONES
 Categories: Breads, Quick, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 c  Margarine or butter
    1/2 ts Baking powder
      8 oz Shredded Cheddar -- (2
           Cups)
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/4 c  Unsalted sunflower nuts
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Motts Apple Sauce
 
  Heat oven to 400 F. In medium bowl, combine flour, baking powder,
  baking soda and salt. Using pastry blender or fork, cut in margarine
  until mixture is crumbly. Stir in cheese and nuts. Add apple sauce;
  stir just until moistened. On floured surface, knead dough gently 5
  or 6 times. Place on ungreased cookie sheet; press into 8-inch
  circle, about 1/2 inch thick. Cut into wedges; separate slightly.
  Bake for 12 to 16 minutes or until lightly browned. Serve warm. 8 to
  12 servings. Good with chili.
  
  Recipe By     : MOTT'S Apple Sauce Recipe Booklet
  
  From: Jean@mcc2.Sws.Uiuc.Edu (Jean Denndate: 16 Apr 1996 21:37:58 Gmt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEDDAR PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  2 1/3 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Enriched Corn Meal
           -- (Aunt Jemima or Quaker)
      1 ts Salt (optional)
    1/3 c  Margarine or butter; plus...
      2 tb Margarine or butter
    1/3 c  Vegetable shortening
      6 oz Shredded cheddar cheese
    1/2 c  Ice water
      8 c  Peeled, sliced apples
           -- (about 8 medium apples)
    2/3 c  Sugar
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
 
  Combine 2 cups flour, corn meal and salt.  Cut in 1/3 cup margarine
  and shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in cheese.
  Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, stirring lightly until mixture
  forms a ball. Divide dough into 2 parts, 1 slightly larger; shape
  each to form ball. Wrap securely in plastic wrap or wax paper; chill
  about 30 minutes. Roll large ball on lightly floured surface to form
  11-inch circle. Fit loosely into 9-inch pie plate; trim. Roll
  remaining dough to form 12-inch square. Cut into 12 x 3/4-inch
  strips.*
  
  Heat oven to 400 F.  Combine remaining 1/3 cup flour, apples, sugar
  and cinnamon; spoon into crust.  Dot with remaining 2 tablespoons
  margarine. Weave strips atop filling to make a lattice crust. Trim
  even with outer rim of pie plate.  Fold lower crust over strips; seal
  and flute. Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until crust is light golden
  brown, shielding edges with aluminum foil if necessary.  Cool
  slightly.
  
  *NOTE: To make a double crust pie, roll remaining dough to form
  10-inch circle instead of cutting strips. Prepare filling as
  directed. Place top crust over filling; trim. Turn edges under;
  flute. Cut slits in top crust to allow steam to escape.
  
  NUTRITIONAL ANALYSIS per serving: * calories 551 * carbohydrates 67 g
  * protein 10 g * fat 27 g * calcium 170 mg * sodium 260 mg *
  cholesterol 20 mg * dietary fiber 3 g
  
  Source: "Hurry, Let's Eat!" Reprinted with permission from The Quaker
  Oats Company Electronic format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEDDAR SHORTCAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Cheese, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 x  ---------shortcake----------
  2 1/2 c  Biscuit mix; bisquick
      4 oz Cheddar; sharp, shredded
    2/3 c  Milk
    1/3 c  Butter; melted
      1 x  -------apple topping--------
    3/4 c  Brown sugar; packed
      3 ts Cornstarch
    1/2 ts Cinnamon; ground
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 c  Water
      4 c  Apples; peeled,cored, sliced
      1 x  ----------topping-----------
      1 x  Heavy cream; whipped
 
  Heat the oven to 425 degrees F.  Combine the biscuit mix and the
  cheddar cheese then stir in the milk and butter. Spread the dough
  into two greased 8-inch layer pans and bake in the preheated oven for
  20 minutes. Combine the brown sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon and salt in
  a large saucepan. Stir in the water and cook until clear and
  thickened. Att the apples, cover and simmer until the apples are
  tender.  Spoon half of the apple mixture over one layer.  Top with
  the second layer and remaining apples. Serve warm with whipped cream
  for a topping.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEDDAR WONTONS
 Categories: Cheese, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 x  Peanut oil
      1 pk Wonton skins
      2 ea Apples; md, *
     10 oz Cheddar; sharp, cubed
      1 x  ---------garnishes----------
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
      2 ts Cinnamon; ground
 
  *    Core the apples and cut into small pieces.
  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++ ++++ Mix the brown sugar and cinnamon together and set
  aside. Preheat the peanut or vegetable oil in a deep fryer or other
  pan used for deep frying. Wrap a piece of apple and a cube of cheddar
  cheese in a wonton skin and seal according to the directions on the
  package. Deep fry until golden brown. Coat with the brown sugar -
  cinnamon mixture and serve. This is good served hot or cold.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEESE BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Cheese, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
    2/3 c  Sugar
      2 x  Eggs
      1 x  Apple, peeled and chopped
    1/2 c  Grated sharp Cheddar cheese
    1/3 c  Chopped Walnuts
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Baking Soda
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Preheat oven to 350 deg F.
   Cream butter and sugar, beating until light. Beat in eggs, one at a
  time. Stir in apples, cheese and nuts. In separate bowl, combine
  flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Gradually and gently
  stir into apple mixture. Pour into greased loaf pan and bake 1 hour.
   Cool 10 minutes before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEESE BREAD #2
 Categories: Breads, Cheese, Apples
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
    2/3 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
      1    Apple; peeled and chopped
    1/2 c  Sharp Cheddar cheese; grated
    1/3 c  Walnuts; chopped
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Baking Soda
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Preheat oven to 350. Cream butter and sugar, beating until light.
  Beat in eggs, one at a time. Stir in apples, cheese and nuts. In
  separate bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt.
  Gradually and gently stir into apple mixture. Pour into greased loaf
  pan and bake 1 hour. Cool 10 minutes before serving. Converted by
  MMCONV vers. 1.10
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEESE ICING
 Categories: Diabetic, Cakes, Desserts, Low-fat/cal
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Sweet dessert apples 200 g *
      1 ts Powdered gelatin dissolved
      4 tb Hot water (for gelatin)
    1/3 c  Skim milk cheese or cottage
           Coloring (optional)
 
  2 apples, cored and sliced.  Suggested Golden Delicious - stay white
  when cooked.  Cook the apples to a soft pulp in a little water and
  allow to cool. Place in a blender with the dissolved gelatin, cheese
  and coloring, and blend to a smooth puree.  Leave to set, then spread
  on the cake and pipe if desired.
  
  This spread, covered, keeps well in the refrigerator and may be
  deep-frozen.
  
  Suggested uses:  Child's birthday cake, slab cake cut in squares and
  decorated with a blob of icing topped with a piece of fruit,
  low-calorie spread for plain cookies or scones. 5 cal in 2 tsp.
  
  Total recipe: 160 cal, 25 g (2 1/2 units) carbohydrate, 4 g fiber, 13
  g protein, 2 g fat.
  
  Source:  The Diabetics' Cookbook by Roberta Longstaff published in UK
  and Canada 1984.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEESE OMELETTE
 Categories: Pickell
      Yield: 1 Serving
 
      1 ts Butter
    1/2    Apple,peeled,cored,
           And thinly sliced.
      2 ts Sugar, divided
      2    Eggs
      1 ts Water
      2 tb Shredded Cheddar
           Or Swiss cheese.
           Cinnamon Sugar or Granulated
           Sugar  (optional)
 
  In an 8-inch nonstick skillet with sloping sides, melt butter over
  medium heat. Add apple slices in one layer. Cook for 2 minutes.
  Sprinle with 1 tsp sugar and cinnamon to taste. Cook until tender, 3
  to 5 minutes longer.
  
  In a small bowl, combine eggs, 1 tsp sugar and water. Beat with a fork
  until eggs are just blended. Pour over apples in skillet.
  
  Stir with spatula to allow egg mixture to cover bottom of pan. Use
  spatula to gently push cooked portions to the centre, tilting the
  skillet to allow the uncooked egg to flow into empty spaces. When egg
  is almost set on surface, sprinkle cheese over half of omelette. Slip
  spatula under unfilled side, fold over filling and slide onto serving
  plate. Sprinkle with cinnamon sugar and serve immediately.
  
  TIP:  Recipe may be doubled to make two servings.  If more that two
  servings are required, keep the first omelette warm and repeat the
  recipe.
  
  Complete this meal with a green salad, whole wheat rolls and chocolate
  instant pudding prepared with milk.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEESE PLATZ
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------BASE---------------------------------
    1/2 c  Butter; softened
    1/3 c  Sugar; granulated
      1 c  Flour; all purpose
    1/3 c  Jam; raspberry

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      1 pk Cream cheese; 8 oz
    1/4 c  Sugar; granulated
      1    Egg
      1 ts Vanilla

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      3 c  Apples
           -peeled & sliced
    1/3 c  Sugar; granulated
    1/2 ts Cinnamon; ground
    1/2 c  Almonds; sliced
 
  Preheat oven to 450F. Cream butter and sugar together thoroughly.
  Blend in flour. Press evenly onto bottom and 1 1/2" up sides of 8
  1/2" springform pan. Spread jam evenly over the bottom the crust.
  Beat all filling ingredients together with the electric mixer till
  smooth and light. Spread over jam. Toss apples, sugar and cinnamon
  together to coat well. Spoon over filling. Sprinkle with almonds.
  Bake at 450F for 10 minutes, then reduce heat to 400F for 25-30
  minutes or till set and apples are tender. Cool slightly and remove
  pan rim.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEESE QUICK BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Breakfast, Brunch
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter, softened
    1/3 c  Sugar
    1/3 c  Honey
      2 lg Eggs
      1 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 c  All purpose flour
      1 ts Double acting baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
  1 1/2 c  Granny smith apples,grated
    1/2 c  Swiss cheese, grated
    1/2 c  Pecans,chopped

MMMMM--------------------------GARNISH-------------------------------
           Apple wedges
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      1    8oz. Gouda cheese wheel
      1    8oz farmer's cheese wheel

MMMMM-----------------------ACCOMPANIMENT----------------------------
      1    8oz.package cream cheese
      1 tb Granny smith apples, grated
 
  In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar. Beat in the
  honey and the eggs. Sift together the
  
  Enter (?), (N)ext Pg, (P)revious Pg, or (M)enu:
                                                  Page 3 of 3 flours,
  baking powder, baking soda and salt into the butter mixture. Stir
  mixture until it is well combined and stir in the apples, cheese and
  pecans. Spoon into well greased 9x5 loaf pan. Bake at 350F for 50-60
  minutes, or until toothpick comes out clean. Remove from pan. Cool
  completely. Serve sliced bread with accompaniments. Garnish with
  cheese wheels and apple wedges. (dip apple wedges in lemon juice to
  preserve color). Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.10
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Dairy, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -ROSE RAY  DSJN00A-
      1 c  Graham cracker crumbs
           Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon; divided
      3 tb Margarine; melted
     16 oz Cream cheese; softened
      2    Eggs
    1/2 ts Vanilla extract
      4 c  Apple slices; thinly sliced,
           - peeled, about 2 1/2 lbs
           - apples
    1/2 c  Pecans; chopped
 
  :    Preheat oven to 350~. Combine crumbs, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1/2
  teaspoon cinnamon and margarine in small bowl; mix well. Press onto
  bottom and up sides of 9-inch pie plate. Bake crust 10 minutes.
  :
    Beat together cream cheese and 1/2 cup sugar in large bowl until
  well blended. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each
  addition. Blend in vanilla; pour into crust. Combine remaining 1/3
  cup sugar and remaining 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon in large bowl. Add
  apples; toss gently to coat. Spoon apple mixture over cream cheese
  mixture. Sprinkle with pecans. :    Bake 1 hour and 10 minutes or
  until set. Loosen cake from rim of pan; cool before removing rim of
  pan. Refrigerate.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEESECAKE ELEGANTE
 Categories: Cheesecakes, Apples, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------LORELI AGUDA WSKD49A-------------------------
      1 pk Cheesecake mix, 10 1/2 oz.
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine, melted
    1/3 c  Walnuts, ground or finely
           -chopped
  1 1/2 c  Cold milk
      2 c  Canned applesauce
    1/2 ts Grated lemon rind
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
      2 tb Butter or margarine
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Mace
 
  CRUST: To make crust, empty envelope of graham cracker crust from mix
  into a bowl. Add 1/4 cup sugar, 1/4 cup melted butter or margarine
  and nuts. Mix until thoroughly combined. Press mixture firmly against
  sides and bottom of an 8 inch pie plate. Refrigerate 5 minutes or
  bake in 375~ oven for 8 minutes. Cool. FILLING: Pour milk into a
  small mixing bowl. Add contents of cheesecake filling envelope from
  mix, 1/2 cup applesauce, and grated lemon rind. Beat atlow speed with
  electric mixer until blended. Beat at medium speed 3 minutes longer.
  Pour into prepared crust; chill at least 1 hour. TOPPING: Combine 1
  1/2 cups applesauce and remaining ingredients in saucepan; simmer for
  20 minutes. To serve, top wedges of cake with spiced applesauce
  topping. Topping may be served warm or cold.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHEESSE BALL
 Categories: Appetizers, Dips
      Yield: 1 Cups
 
      1    8 oz. pkg. cream cheese
           Softened
      4 oz 1 cup shredded cheddar
           Cheese
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Finely chopped dried apples
    1/3 c  Finely chopped nuts
      1    Bay leaf
      1    Cinnamon stick, halved
 
  Directions;
  
  In larage bowl, beat cream cheese, cheddar cheese and cinnamon until
  well blended.  Stir in dried apples. Shape mixture into ball; roll in
  nuts. Inssert bay leaf and cinnamon stick on top to resemble stem and
  leaf of apple.  Refrigerate till firm. Can be stored in refrigerator
  up to 2 weeks.
  
  source Pillsbury holiday baking cookbooks submitted by marina
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry, Main dish, Cajun
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/2    Small onion, sliced
      2    Chicken breasts
      1 tb Oil
      2 ts Lemon juice
           Salt & pepper
    1/2 ts Cumin
    1/2 c  Apple juice
    1/2 c  Water
           Flour
 
     Saute onion in oil.  Salt, pepper and flour chicken, add to oonion
  and brown quickly.  Add cumin and stir. Add water and juices. Cover,
  reduce heat and simmer 30 minutes. Serve with some of the sauce and
  onion over chicken.  Recipe may be doubled (4 breasts), but use only
  HALF again the sauce ingredients. Courtesy Telephone Pioneers
  BillSpalding *P CRBR 38 A
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHIP SNACKING CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
      2    Eggs
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
    1/4 c  Apple juice
      1 ts Vanilla extract
  1 3/4 c  All-purpose flour
      1 c  Granulated sugar
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Chopped peeled tart apples
    3/4 c  Hershey's Chocolate Chips
           - (Semi-Sweet)
           -OR Hershey's Mini Chips
           -- (Semi-Sweet Chocolate)
    1/2 c  Chopped nuts
           Powdered sugar
           -OR- whipped topping and
           - ground cinnamon (optional)
 
  Heat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Grease and flour 8 or 9-inch
  square baking pan. In large bowl, beat eggs slightly; add oil, apple
  juice and vanilla. Stir together flour, granulated sugar, baking
  soda, cinnamon and salt; stir into batter until blended. Add apples,
  chocolate chips and nuts; stir until well blended. Pour batter into
  prepared pan. Bake 40 to 45 minutes or until cake begins to pull away
  from sides of pan. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Sprinkle
  powdered sugar over top or serve with dollop of whipped topping
  sprinkled with cinnamon, if desired. 9 servings.
  
  Hershey's is a registered trademark of Hershey Foods Corporation.
  Recipe may be reprinted courtesy of the Hershey Kitchens.
  
  Meal-Master compatible format by: Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHUNK BREAD
 Categories: Dg, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Nonfat Dried Milk
      2 tb Applesauce
      1 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Cinnamon,Ground
    3/4 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Bread Flour
      1 ts Yeast
    2/3    Apples,Peeled,Cored,chop
 
  NOTES : Use raisin setting & add apple at pause.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHUTNEY
 Categories: Fruits, Pickles
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 qt Cider Vinegar
      3 c  Sugar
    1/2 lb Seedless Raisins
      6 lb Very Tart Apples (Sour)*
    1/4 lb Garlic Peeled and Chopped
    1/2 lb Gingerroot, Peeled & Chopped
      6 ea Red Or Green Chili Peppers**
      2 tb Pickling Salt
      1 x  Sugar To Taste
      1 x  Cayenne To Taste
      6 lb Hard Green Pears ***
 
  *      Apples are to be peeled, quartered and cored. ** Chili peppers
  are to be seeded and chopped. *** Pears should be peeled, cored and
  cut into strips.
  ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~----------------- In large preserving kettle mix the vinegar, sugar,
  raisins, apples, garlic cloves, gingerroot, peppers, and salt. Bring
  to a boil and simmer until the apples are mushy and transparent. If
  neccessary, add a little more vinegar.  Taste and add sugar and
  cayenne as desired. Then add the pears and simmer until the pears are
  tranparent but not overcooked.  Spoon into hot jars and seal. Makes 8
  ~ 10 Pints.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CHUTNEY # 2
 Categories: Canning
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 qt Cider vinegar
      3 c  Sugar
    1/2 lb Seedless raisins
      6 lb Very tart apples (sour)*
    1/4 lb Garlic peeled and chopped
    1/2 lb Gingerroot; peel/ chopped
      6    Red or green chili peppers**
      2 tb Pickling salt
           Sugar to taste
           Cayenne to taste
      6 lb Hard green pears ***
 
    *   Apples are to be peeled, quartered and cored. ** Chili peppers
  are to be seeded and chopped. *** Pears should be peeled, cored and
  cut into strips.
  
     In large preserving kettle mix the vinegar, sugar, raisins, apples,
  garlic cloves, gingerroot, peppers, and salt. Bring to a boil and
  simmer until the apples are mushy and transparent. If neccessary, add
  a little more vinegar. Taste and add sugar and cayenne as desired.
  Then add the pears and simmer until the pears are tranparent but not
  overcooked. Spoon into hot jars and seal. Makes 8 - 10 Pints.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CIDER DOUGHNUTS
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
      1 c  Apple cider
      1 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Solid vegetable shortening
      2 lg Eggs
    1/2 c  Buttermilk
  3 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
           Vegetable oil or shortening
           -for frying

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
      2 c  Confectioners' sugar
    1/4 c  Apple cider
 
  1. Boil apple cider in small saucepan until it is reduced to 1/4 cup,
  8 to 10 minutes; cool.
  
  2. Beat sugar with shortening until smooth. Add eggs and mix well,
  then add buttermilk and reduced cider. Stir together flour, baking
  powder, baking soda, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg in another bowl. Add
  to liquid ingredients; mix just enough to combine.
  
  3. Transfer dough to lightly floured board and pat to 1/2-inch
  thickness. Cut with 2 1/2- to 3-inch doughnut cutter; reserve
  doughnut holes and reroll and cut scraps.
  
  4. Add enough oil or shortening to fill a deep pan 3 inches; heat to
  375'F. Fry several doughnuts at a time, turning once or twice, until
  browned and cooked through, about 4 minutes. Remove to paper towels
  with slotted spoon.
  
  5. For glaze, mix confectiners' sugar and cider. Dip doughnuts while
  warm; serve warm.
  
  Source: Chicago Tribune, January 15, 1997
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CIDER MOLD
 Categories: Apples, Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------LORELI AGUDA WSKD49A-------------------------
      3 c  Apple cider
      2    Envelopes unflavored gelatin
    1/4 c  Sugar
      6 oz Frozen lemonade concentrate
      2 lg Apples, skinned and diced
    1/4 c  Chopped celery
    1/4 c  Slivered almonds
           Whipped cream for topping
 
  Mix 1 cup cider with gelatin in small pan. Let stand for few minutes.
  Add sugar and cook; stir until dissolved, remove from heat. Core and
  dice apples and mix with thawed lemonade concentrate to prevent any
  darkening. Lift out apples with slotted spoon and reserve. Stir
  lemonade and remaining cider into gelatin mixture. Regrigerate until
  thick and syrupy, then add apples and celery. Place almonds or other
  chopped nuts in bottom of 6 cup mold. Spoon gelatin over nuts, cover
  and chill firm. Dip mold to the rim in hot water for 5 seconds to
  invert onto serving plate. Surround with lettuce leaves and serve
  with whipped cream. Sour cream goes good with this too.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CIDER POT ROAST
 Categories: Beef
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 tb Oil
      1    3 lb
      2 c  Apple cider
      3    Onions, peeled -- cut in
           Wedges
      2    Cloves garlic -- minced
  2 1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      2    Bay leaves
      4    Carrots,sliced --
           Diagonally
      3    Potatoes, pared -- cubed
    1/2    Head cabbage -- in wedges
      2 c  Small fresh mushrooms
      1    Green pepper -- in small
           Squares
      3    Golden Delicious apples
           Pared -- cored
           Cut in wedges
    1/2 c  Water
    1/4 c  Flour
      1 ts Kitchen Bouquet
           Pork roast
 
  Heat oil in dutch oven and brown pork on all sides. Pour off the fat.
  add cider, onions,garlic, salt, pepper and bay leaves. Bring to boil,
  then cover and reduce heat. Cook for 1 1/2 hours, until meat is
  tender. Add carrots and potatoes and cook 15 minutes more.Add
  cabbage, mushrooms, green pepper and apples. cook until all
  vegetables are tender 15-2- minutes. Remove meat and vegetables to a
  warm dish and keep warm while you make the gravy. Discard the bay
  leaves. Skim off the fat from the liquid. Reserve 1 3/4 cups of
  liquid. (add water if need to make up difference). Blend cold water
  with flour and stir into hot reserved liquid. Cook until thickened.
  Stir in Kitchen Bouquet. Adjust seasoning to taste.
  
  Recipe By     : DLGREAT
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CIDER POUND CAKE
 Categories: Bundt, Frostings, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 c  Butter or Margarine
      6    Eggs
      3 c  Flour; All-Purpose
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Baking Powder
      1 ts Cinnamon; Ground
    1/2 ts Allspice; Ground
    1/2 ts Nutmeg; Ground
    1/4 ts Cloves; Ground
      1 c  Apple Cider
      1 ts Vanilla Extract

MMMMM---------------------------ICING--------------------------------
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Butter or Margarine
    1/4 c  Buttermilk
    1/2 ts Vanilla Extract
    1/4 ts Baking Soda
 
  In a large mixing bowl, cream sugar and butter. Add eggs, one at a
  time, beating well after each addition. Stir together all dry
  ingredients; set aside. Combine cider and vanilla. Add dry
  ingredients alternately with cider mixture to batter. Mix until well
  blended. Spoon into a greased 10-inch angel food cake pan or fluted
  tube pan. Bake at 325~F for about 1 hour and 10 minutes or until cake
  tests done. Meanwhile, combine all icing ingredients in a saucepan.
  Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. While cake is
  warm, drizzle 1/3 of the icing over the cake. Serve remaining icing
  over individual cake servings, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CIDER SALAD
 Categories: Apples, Salads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------LORELI AGUDA WSKD49A-------------------------
      6 oz Package orange flavored
           -gelatin
      4 c  Apple cider
      1 c  Raisins
      1 c  Apples, coarsely chopped
      1 c  Celery, chopped
           Juice and grated rind of one
           -lemon
           Lettuce
      1    Apple, unpeeled and sliced
 
  Dissolve gelatin in 2 cups hot cider; stir in raisins. Let cool. Add
  remaining 2 cups cider; chill until consistency of unbeaten egg
  whites. Stir in chopped apples, celery, lemon juice and rind. Pour
  into a lightly oiled 6 cup mold. Chill until set. Unmold onto lettuce
  leaves and garnish with apple slices, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CINNAMON BREAD
 Categories: Abm, Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------SMALL--------------------------------
    1/2 c  ;water
  2 1/2 tb Apple juice concentrate
    1/4 c  Applesauce
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      2 ts Sugar,brown
    1/4 ts ;salt
      1 c  Flour,whole wheat
  1 1/2 tb Vital gluten;optional
      1 c  Flour,bread
      1 ts Yeast

MMMMM---------------------------MEDIUM--------------------------------
    3/4 c  ;water
  3 3/4 tb Apple juice cocentrate
    1/3 c  Applesauce
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Sugar,brown
    1/3 ts ;salt
  1 1/2 c  Flour,whole wheat
      2 tb Vital gluten;optional
  1 1/2 c  Flour,bread
  1 1/2 ts Yeast

MMMMM---------------------------LARGE--------------------------------
      1 c  ;water
      5 tb Apple juice concentrate
    1/2 c  Applesauce
      1 ts Cinnamon
  1 1/3 tb Sugar,brown
    1/2 ts ;salt
      2 c  Flour,whole wheat
      3 tb Vital gluten
      2 c  Flour,bread
      2 ts Yeast
 
  Pats comments.... "This bread is really good. It can be used on the
  timer. On my Panasonic I use the regular cycle, but with the light
  crust due to all the juices in it. Makes a beautiful high rising loaf
  with a warm cinnamon color. Definitely use the vital gluten as it
  rises much better. I use frozen apple juice concentrate. You could
  also add raisins or chopped apples, either fresh or dried, or even
  nuts might be nice. Fits McD beautifully, don't you think?!"
  
  From Donna German's Book III Posted by Pat Ballard MGFN03A on Prodigy
  MM by J.Duckett1 (Kat)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CINNAMON CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Apple Mixture
      5    Apples, cut and diced. (Red
           -Delicious Style)
      5 tb Sugar.
      2 ts Cinnamon.
           -CAKE MIXTURE:
      2 c  Sugar.
      3 c  Flour.
      3 ts Baking powder.
      1 c  Oil.
      2 ts Vanilla.
    1/2 c  Orange juice.
      5    Eggs
 
  Mix sugar and cinnamon,add apples until completely coated.
  
  mix ingredients for cake. Beat for 2&1/2 min. on medium speed.
  
  INSTRUCTIONS: Pre-heat oven to 350^, mix all ingredients together
  except apple mixture. Pour a layer of the batter into a greased and
  floured "BUNDT" pan and some of the apple mixture, continue this
  until all is in the pan with      the final layer being batter. ***
  Bake for 1:15 min., let cool at least 15min, remove from pan and let
  cool at least 1/2 hr. before cutting. From the files of Al Rice,
  North Pole Alaska. Feb 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CINNAMON COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Digest, Nov.
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------APPLE FILLING AND TOPPING----------------------
      2 tb Cinnamon
      5 tb Sugar
      5    To 6 cups sliced apples (I
           Used Granny Smiths)

MMMMM------------------------FOR THE CAKE-----------------------------
      2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Oil (I used applesauce)
      4 ts Vanilla
    1/2 c  Orange juice
      1 pn Salt
      4    Eggs (or equivalent),
           Lightly beaten
      3 c  Unbleached all-purpose
           Flour
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 ts Nutmeg
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Grease a 12-cup tube or bundt pan with
  Pam.
  
  Combine cinnamon and sugar and set aside 1 tablespoon. Toss prepared
  apples with remainder and set aside.
  
  For the cake, whisk together sugar, applesauce, vanilla, oj, salt, and
  eggs.  Combine flour, baking powder, and nutmeg and fold into sugar
  mixture.
  
  Spoon a little more than one third of the batter into prepared pan.
  Cover with half of apple mixture, then spoon in remaining batter and
  apple slices.  Sprinkle top lightly with the reserved cinnamon-sugar.
  
  Bake in preheated oven for 1 hour or until done. Loosen sides with a
  butter knife, then invert cake onto a plate for serving.
  
  (Unsure of the nutrition breakdown, since I deleted the oil. I think
  it's about 1.5 g/fat for 1/12th of cake.)
  
  Posted by "Susan M. Brooks" <vpasmb@gwunix5.gwu.edu> to the Fatfree
  Dig. Vol 12 Issue 22 11-23-94. From the Washington Post.
  
  FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used
  with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV. ~-- 1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CINNAMON CRANBERRY PIE
 Categories: Desserts, Apples, Cranberries, Fruit, Pies/tarts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
 
        2    Pie crust  (9 inch)
      3/4 c  Sugar
      1/4 c  Cornstarch
        1 ts Cinnamon
        5 c  Apples, peeled -- sliced
        2 c  Cranberries -- fresh or
  :          frozen
      1/3 c  Corn syrup -- light or dark
        1 TB Butter or margarine
  :          Milk
  :          Sugar
  
  Preparation Time: 1:00 Prepare pie crusts for filled two-crust pie
  using 9-inch pan. Heat oven to 450F. In a large bowl, stir sugar,
  corn starch and cinnamon until well mixed. In another large bowl, mix
  apples, cranberries and corn syrup. Add fruit to sugar mixture. Mix
  to combine. Spoon into pie crust-lined pan. Dot with butter. Top with
  second crust; flute.Cut four 4-inch slashes in center of crust
  forming a criss-cross design. Peel back center points and press
  lightly in crust to hod and form 8 petals. Brush crust with milk;
  sprinkle with sugar. Bake at 450F for 10 minutes. Reduce temperature
  to 350F; continue baking 40 to 45 minutes or until golden brown. Cool
  completely on wire rack. Store in refrigerator. posted by
  bobbi744@sojourn.com
  
  Recipe By     : Unknown
  
  From: Roberta Banghart <bobbi744@sojourdate: Sun, 27 Oct 1996 21:24:45
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CINNAMON MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Egg
      2 c  Bisquick baking mix
    3/4 c  Apple; peeled & finely chop
    1/3 c  Sugar
    2/3 c  Milk
      2 ts Oil; vegetable
      2 ts Cinnamon; ground
 
  Fat grams    per serving:              Approx. Cook Time:
  :15
     Preheat oven to 400F. Grease bottom only of 12 medium muffin cups.
  Beat egg slightly, stir in remaining ingredients just till moistened.
  Divide batter evenly among cups. Bake till golden brown, 15 to 17
  minutes. MAKES: 12 muffins
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CINNAMON OATMEAL
 Categories: Cereal
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Water
    1/4 c  Apple juice
      1    Tart apple, diced
    2/3 c  Rolled oats
      1    Dash cinnamon
      1 c  Skim milk
 
  Place water, juice and apples ina medium saucepan and bring to a
  boil. Sitr in the rolled oats and cinnamon. Return to boil, reduce
  heat and simmer until the porridge is thick. Serve hot with milk.
  
  From: The Lose Weight Naturally Cookbook Posted by: Sheila Exner
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CINNAMON POPOVERS
 Categories: Breakfast, Snacks
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  EGG BEATERS, EGG SUBSTITUTE
    3/4 c  FLOUR
    1/2 c  APPLE SAUCE
    1/3 c  BUTTERMILK
      2 tb + 2 TSP LOW-CAL MARGARINE
      1 ts CINNAMON
    3/4 ts SUGAR
    1/4 ts BAKING SODA
 
  MELT AND COOL THE MARGARINE. PREHEAT OVEN TO 425 DEG F. SPRAY FOUR
  POPOVER PANS (10 oz. SIZE) WITH COOKING SPRAY. IN A BLENDER, COMBINE
  ALL INGREDIENTS WELL. POUR 1/4 OF THE BATTER INTO EACH CUP. SET CUPS
  ON A BAKING SHEET AND BAKE FOR 25 MINUTES, UNTIL PUFFED AND GOLDEN.
  USING A KNIFE, CUT A SLIT IN THE TOP OF EACH POPOVER TO LET OUT
  STEAM. BAKE FOR FIVE MINUTES MORE. SERVE WITH BUTTER OR JAM. EACH
  SERVING = 178 CALORIES, 4 g FAT, 25 g CARBOHYDRATES. FAT PERCENT PER
  SERVING =
       20    %.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CINNAMON PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      2 c  Apple juice
      1 c  Water
      1 pn Sea salt (optional)
      1 c  AM Rice and Shine
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 c  Roasted pecan or other nuts
           -- (chopped)
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Bring juice, water and salt to a boil in a large saucepan. Stir in
  Rice and Shine and cinnamon.  Turn heat to low. Simmer 5 minutes.
  Remove from heat. Stir in nuts and vanilla.  Let set until slightly
  cool. Pour into a 9" square pan.  Refrigerate until set and cool.
  Serve squares plain or with a little fruit syrup.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "Something Sweet" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CINNAMON TART
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Rolled oats
      1 tb Plus 1/2 ts cinnamon
    3/4 c  Apple juice
      2 lg Apples, peeled/sliced
      1 ts Lemon juice, room temp
    1/3 c  Water, cold
      1 pk Unflavored gelatin
      2 c  Fat-free yogurt
    1/4 c  Honey
    1/2 ts Almond extract
 
  Preheat oven at 350.  Prepare a pie plate with cooking spray. In a
  small bowl, combine oats and 1 tablespoon cinnamon. Toss with 1/4 cup
  apple juice.  Press onto bottom of pie plate. Bake 5 minutes or until
  set. Cool. In a mixing bowl, toss apple slices with lemon juice;
  arrange on cooled crust in pan and set aside. In a small saucepan,
  combine water and remaining 1/2 cup apple juice. Sprinkle gelatin
  over water mixture; let stand 3 minutes to soften.  Cook and stir
  over medium heat until gelatin is completely dissolved; remove from
  heat. Add yogurt, honey, remaining 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and almond
  extract; blend well. Pour over apples in crust.  Chill several hours
  or overnight.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CINNAMON WAFFLES
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Waffles
 
  1 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Sugar
      2 ts Baking powder
      2    Eggs, separated
      1 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Peeled, grated apples such
           As Mollie's Delicious, Red
           Or Golden Delicious
    1/4 c  Butter
 
  Sift together flour, salt cinnamon, sugar and baking powder. Beat egg
  yolks; add milk. Combine with dry mixture; add apples and melted
  butter. Beat egg whites until stiff and fold into batter. Bake until
  golden brown in hot waffle iron. Makes 6 waffles.
  
  per serving: Calories 244 Fat 12g Cholesterol 99mg Sodium 436mg
  Percent calories from fat 43%
  
  Source:"Love Creek Orchards Adams Apple Cookbook" Dallas Morning News
  10/9/96 Typos by Bobbie Beers
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CITRUS REFRESHER
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 c  Apple juice
      2 c  Orange juice
      2 c  Grapefruit juice
    1/2 c  Lime juice; freshly squeezed
      2 cn Ginger ale; each 12 oz/355 l
           -Ice cubes
 
  "An all-occasion beverage - fruity & effervescent. Make sure juices
  and ginger ale are well chilled at the start."
  
  In large pitcher or punch bowl combine apple, orange, grapefruit and
  lime juices. Just before serving, pour in ginger ale. Serve over ice
  cubes in tall glasses. MAKES: 8-10 SERVINGS SOURCE: _The Dave Nichol
  Cookbook_
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CITY BARBECUE
 Categories: Bbq sauces, Rubs, Pork
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
MMMMM--------------------------DRY RUB-------------------------------
     10 tb Black pepper
     10 tb Paprika
      5 tb Chili powder
      5 tb Red pepper
      5 tb Garlic powder
      3 tb Celery salt
      1 tb Dry mustard

MMMMM------------------------FINISH SAUCE-----------------------------
     32 oz Hunt's Ketchup
      8 oz Soy sauce
      4 oz Worcestershire sauce
      1 tb Garlic powder
      8 oz Apple cider vinegar
      4 oz Apple juice
      1 tb White pepper or to taste
 
  Mix dry rub ingredients.  Rub into pork ribs.  Put rubbed ribs into
  the refrigerator for 4 to 10 hours before cooking. Bring sauce
  ingredients to a boil. Then add in finely grated onion, 1 grated
  medium Golden Delicious apple and 1/4 grated small bell pepper. Cook
  until desired thickness. Cook prepared ribs for about 5 1/2 to 7
  hours over charcoal kept at 180 to 200 degrees. Baste occasionally
  with warm apple juice. Use soaked applewood chips in the fire to
  create a sweet flavor. About 30 minutes before serving, brush ribs
  with finish sauce.  Right before serving, sprinkle on dry rub.  Serve
  sauce on the side.
  
  TIP:  Don't rush the cooking process.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CITY BARBECUE - 1994 MEMPHIS IN MAY BBQ
 Categories: Bar-b-q, Sauces, Pork
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
MMMMM--------------------------DRY RUB-------------------------------
     10 tb Black pepper
     10 tb Paprika
      5 tb Chili powder
      5 tb Red pepper
      5 tb Garlic powder
      3 tb Celery salt
      1 tb Dry mustard

MMMMM------------------------FINISH SAUCE-----------------------------
     32 oz Hunt's Ketchup
      8 oz Soy sauce
      4 oz Worcestershire sauce
      1 tb Garlic powder
      8 oz Apple cider vinegar
      4 oz Apple juice
      1 tb White pepper or to taste
 
  Mix dry rub ingredients.  Rub into pork ribs.  Put rubbed ribs into
  the refrigerator fot 4 to 10 hours before cooking. Bring sauce
  ingredients to a boil. Then add i finely grated onion, 1 grated
  medium Golden Delicious apple and 1/4 grated small bell pepper. Cook
  until desired thickness. Cook prepared ribs for about 5 1/2 to 7
  hours over charcoal kept at 180 to 200 degrees.  Baste occasionally
  with warm apple juice. Use soaked applewood chips in the fire to
  create a sweet flavor. About 30 minutes before serving, brush ribs
  with finish sauce. Right before serving, sprinkle on dry rub.  Serve
  sauce on the side. TIP: Don't rush the cooking process.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CITY BARBECUE - 1994 MEMPHIS IN MAY BBQ
 Categories: Bar-b-q, Sauces
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
MMMMM--------------------------DRY RUB-------------------------------
     10 tb Black pepper
     10 tb Paprika
      5 tb Chili powder
      5 tb Red pepper
      5 tb Garlic powder
      3 tb Celery salt
      1 tb Dry mustard

MMMMM------------------------FINISH SAUCE-----------------------------
     32 oz Hunt's Ketchup
      8 oz Soy sauce
      4 oz Worcestershire sauce
      1 tb Garlic powder
      8 oz Apple cider vinegar
      4 oz Apple juice
      1 tb White pepper or to taste
 
  Mix dry rub ingredients.  Rub into pork ribs.  Put rubbed ribs into
  the refrigerator fot 4 to 10 hours before cooking. Bring sauce
  ingredients to a boil. Then add 1 finely grated onion, 1 grated
  medium Golden Delicious apple and 1/4 grated small bell pepper. Cook
  until desired thickness. Cook prepared ribs for about 5 1/2 to 7
  hours over charcoal kept at 180 to 200 degrees.  Baste occasionally
  with warm apple juice. Use soaked applewood chips in the fire to
  create a sweet flavor. About 30 minutes before serving, brush ribs
  with finish sauce. Right before serving, sprinkle on dry rub.  Serve
  sauce on the side. TIP: Don't rush the cooking process.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE COBBLER
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
      2 c  Sugar
      2 c  Water
  1 1/2 c  Self rising flour
    1/2 c  Shortening
    1/3 c  Milk
      2 c  Apples, finely chopped
      1 ts Cinnamon
 
  Melt butter and put in a 9x13 inch dish.  Heat sugar and water until
  sugar melts.  Cut shortening into flour. Add milk and form into soft
  ball; roll out dough. Sprinkle apples with cinnamon; place on dough
  and roll up like jelly roll.  Cut in slices and place in pan with
  melted butter. Pour sugar syrup around rolls and bake at 350 degrees
  for 60 minutes. Randy Rigg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE COBBLER (USING BISCUIT MIX)
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 tb Cornstarch
      1 tb Sugar
    1/8 ts Ground cinnamon
    3/4 c  Water
      2 md Apples, tart, pared, sliced
    3/4 c  Biscuit mix (see recipe)
      2 tb Process American cheese
           - shredded
      3 tb Water
 
  4 servings of about 1/2 cup each 166 calories per serving
  
  1. Pre-heat oven TO 400øF. (hot)
  
  2. Mix cornstarch, sugar, and cinnamon in saucepan. Add 3/4 cup water
  and mix well. Add apples.
  
  3. Cook over low heat, stirring occasionally, until liquid thickens
  and apples just begin to soften--about
        6    minutes.
  
  4. Pour into 1-quart casserole.
  
  5. Stir biscuit mix and cheese together. Add 3 tablespoons water and
  mix well. Spread on top of apple mixture.
  
  6. Bake until top is lightly browned--about 30 minutes.
  
  * Thrifty Meals for Two: Making Food Dollars Count * USDA Home and
  Garden Bulletin Number 244 * Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen
  Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------BREAD--------------------------------

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      1 c  Butter
      1 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 c  Sour cream (light or yogurt)
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/3 c  Nuts
      4 tb White sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2    Apples, peeled & sliced
 
  Cream  butter  and  sugar.    Add   eggs  and vanilla. Add dry
  ingredients alternately with sour cream. Put half of batter in pan.
  Lay apple slices on batter and sprinkle 1/2 of topping over them. Add
  remaining batter and sprinkle  topping on it.  Bake in 350 oven 35-40
  minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE COFFEE CAKE CYBEREALM
 Categories: Cyberealm, Cakes, Low-cal
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      1 ts Baking Soda
      2 ts Baking Powder
  2 1/2 c  Whole Wheat Flour
    1/4 lb Margarine, soft
    1/2 c  Honey
      1    Egg, beaten
    1/2 c  Skim Milk
      1 c  Nonfat Yogurth
    1/2 ts Lemonjuice
      1 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Peeled,chopped Apples
    1/4 c  Raisins
      2 ts Cinnamon
      4 tb Honey
 
  1. In a medium size bowl, combine the first three ingridients. 2. In a
  large bowl, cream margarine and
      1/2    cup of honey until
     light and fluffy. Add egg and beat well. 3. In a small bowl,
  combine milk, yogurt, lemon juice and vanilla.
     Alternatly add dry and wet ingridients to creamed ones. 4. Coat an
  8 X 10 inch pan with non stick spray. Pour in half the batter. 5. Mix
  half the apples with raisins and 1 teaspoon of cinnamon.
     Spread over the batter. 6. Drip half the honey over the
  cinnamon;add the remainding batter. 7. Combine remaining cinnamon and
  apples; cover batter. 8. Drizzle on remaining honey. 9. Bake at 375 F
  for about
       45    minutes.
  
    Out of "Lose Weight Naturally" cookbook
  
   Typed by Brigitte Sealing Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE COLESLAW
 Categories: Cyberealm, Salads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------FROM LOIS FLACK---------------------------

MMMMM----------------CYBEREALM BBS (315)786-1120---------------------
      1 sm Head of cabbage, shredded or
           Thinly sliced
      1 lg Apple cubed
      2 tb Sugar
      1 ts Grated orange peel
    1/8 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Cloves (if desired)
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise or Sour Cream
      1 ts Lemon juice
 
  In a large bowl, combine all ingredients; toss lightly.
  
  Source: The Pillsbury Cookbook
  
  Typed for you by: Lois Flack, CYBEREALM BBS, Watertown, NY.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE COOBLER
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    20 oz. Apple Pie Filling
      1 tb Butter
      1 ts Lemon juice
      1    Dash of cinnamon
      1 c  Prepared biscuit mix
    1/3 c  Milk
 
  Pour apple pie filling into a 9-inch pie plate.  Dot with
  butter;sprinkle with lemon juice and cinnamon.
   Place in 400 oven for about 10 minutes, or until mixture is hot and
  bubbly.  Meanwhile combine biscuit mix and 2 tablespoons soft butter,
  stir in milk.  Drop by spoonful on hot apple mixture. Continue baking
  20-25 minutes or until biscuits are done.  Serve warm with cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CORN BREAD (VEGAN)
 Categories: Vegan, Side dishes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Cornmeal
      1 c  Flour
      1 c  Diced Apple
    1/2 c  Brown Sugar
      4 ts Baking Powder
  1 1/4 c  Milk Alternative -- * see
           Note
           Mixed with 1 tsp. Apple
           Cider Vinegar
      2 tb Oil
    1/2 c  Orange Marmalade -- (or
           Other jam)
 
  * i.e. Plain Rice Milk, Lite Soy Milk, Almond Milk, etc.
  
  Mix all ingredients in order listed. Put one half of the batter in a
  greased 8 or 9 inch square baking pan. Evenly top batter with 1/2 cup
  jam and top with remaining batter.
  
  Bake at 400 F for 25 minutes. Do not overbake. Allow to cool slightly
  before cutting
  
  Recipe By     : rolyat@main.citynet.net
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CORN JOHNNY CAKE
 Categories: Muffins, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Corn meal
    3/4 c  Rice flour
      4 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Sugar
      2    Eggs, separated
      2 tb Canola oil
  1 3/4 c  Applesauce (14 oz can)
      6    Bacon strips,cooked,crumbled
 
  Breakfast idea without gluten or dairy.  Serve warm with maple syrup
  or as a quickbread with soup or salad.
  
  In a large mixing bowl combine cornmeal, rice flour, baking powder,
  salt and sugar.  Beat egg whites until stiff.
  
  To the dry ingredients, add egg yolks, oil, applesauce and bacon. Stir
  well.
  
  Fold in egg whites.  Pour batter into greased 8x8 inch baking pan (or
  prepared muffin pan).  Bake in 425 F oven for 45 min or until an
  inserted knife comes out clean. Serves 4-5.
  
  Source:  Co-op advertising recipe Sept 93 Shared but not tested by
  Elizabeth Rodier
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE COUNTRY CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry, Main dish, Low-cal, Apples
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      1 ts Curry powder
      1 lg Golden Delicious apple,
           Cored and chopped
      1 lg Yellow onion, finely chopped
      1 tb Lemon juice
      4 oz Mushrooms, sliced
      1 ts Chicken bouillon
      2 c  Apple juice or cider
  3 1/2 lb Chicken thigh, skinned
      1 tb Flour
 
  Place curry powder in a wide frying pan and stir over medium heat
  until slightly darker in color (3-4 minutes). Add apple, yellow
  onion, lemon juice, mushrooms, bouillon, and 1 1/2 C. of the apple
  juice; bring to a boil.
  
  Rinse chicken and pat dry; add to pan. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer
  until meat near bone is no longer pink; cut to test (about 30
  minutes). Lift chicken from pan; arrange on a warm platter. Keep warm.
  
  Blend flour and remaining 1/2 C. apple juice. Gradually add to sauce
  in pan, stirring; increase heat to high and cook, stirring until
  sauce is thickened. Pour over chicken. The sauce also tastes good
  poured over baked potato or rice. 305 calories 7g fat Pat Empson
  05/24 11:10 am
         FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 05/24 11:25 AM
  
  TO:      PAT EMPSON   (PFXX29A) FROM: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) SUBJECT:
  MM-MORE APPLES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRANBERRY DESSERT-USING MIX
 Categories: Mixes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Bake it all mix
    2/3 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Brown sugar -- packed
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Orange juice
      3 c  Cooking apples -- sliced*
      1 lb Can whole cranberry sauce**
 
  *3 Medium, pared and cored. **About 1-2/3 cups Combine sugar,
  cinnamon and salt in an 8 by 8 by 2-inch baking dish. Add orange
  juice, sliced apples and cranberry sauce. Mix lightly but thoroughly.
  Bake in a 425 F. oven 15 minutes.  Make a well in the Mix. Add milk
  and stir with a fork until all of Mix is moistened. Drop dough by
  spoonfuls on hot apple-cranberry mixture. Return to hot      oven for
  20 to 25 minutes. Serve warm. Yield: 6 servings
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRANBERRY PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Double Crust Pie Crust
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Corn starch
      1 ts Cinnamon
      5 c  Peeled apple slices
      2 c  Cranberries, fresh or frozen
    1/3 c  Corn syrup, light or dark
      1 tb Butter or margarine
           Milk
           Sugar
 
  Prepare pie crusts for filled two-crust pie using 9-inch pan. Heat
  oven to 450F.  In a large bowl, stir sugar, corn starch and cinnamon
  until well mixed.  In another large bowl, mix apples, cranberries and
  corn syrup. Add fruit to sugar mixture.  Mix to combine.
   Spoon into pie crust-lined pan.  Dot with butter.
   Top with second crust; flute.  Cut four 4-inch slashes in center of
  crust forming a criss-cross design. Peel back center points and press
  lightly in crust to hod and form 8 petals.  Brush crust with milk;
  sprinkle with sugar.  Bake at 450F for 10 minutes. Reduce temperature
  to 350F; continue baking 40 to 45 minutes or until golden brown. Cool
  completely on wire rack.  Store in refrigerator.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRANBERRY UPSIDE-DOWN TART
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
    2/3 c  Sugar
      3 tb Water
      6    Tart apples, peeled, cored,
           -and thinly sliced
      1 c  Cranberries
      3 tb Sugar
      1 tb Butter
      1    Unbaked pie shell
 
  Simmer 2/3 cup sugar and 3 Tabsp water in small covered saucepan 5
  minutes. Uncober and boil until a golden thick carmel. ( You can
  substitute bottled carmel sauce if you want to)  Remove immediately
  from heat so caramel doesn't burn. Pour into 10 inch glass or metal
  pie plate. Swirl to coat bottom.
  
  Overlap one third of the apple slices on the caramel. Top with one
  third of the cranberries and sprinkle with 1 Tbsp of sugar. Repeat
  twice with remaining fruit and sugar, Dot with butter.
  
  Lay pastry loosely over fruit.  Bake at 400 for 30 minutes. Remove to
  rack and cool 5 minutes.  Tilt pie plate over small bowl and pour off
  any accumulated juices. Invert serving plate over pie. Turn both over
  together.
  
  Lift off pie plate.  Serve tart warm with vanilla ice cream.
  Submitted By RUFUS@MELBPC.ORG.AU  On   TUE, 28 NOV 1995 171617 +1100
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CREAM LASAGNE
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Italian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      9    Oven ready lasagne noodles
    1/3 c  Butter
      6    Granny Smith apples-
           Peeled,cored and sliced.
    1/3 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/2 c  Toasted, chopped pecans
      2 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 pk Light cream cheese,softened
      1    Egg
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Whipping cream, whipped
    1/2 c  Fresh breadcrumbs
    1/4 c  Granulated sugar
 
  Place noodles in a 11 x 7 inch baking dish, cover with warm water and
  soak 20 minutes.  Drain and set aside. Meanwhile, in saucepan, melt
  1/4 cup butter over medium heat. Add apples, cover and cook 10
  minutes, or until tender, stirring occasionally.  Remove from heat
  and stir in 3 tbsp. brown sugar, pecans and cinnamon; set aside.
  Place cream cheese and remaining brown sugar in large bowl. Beat 3
  minutes or until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla.  Fold
  whipped cream into cream cheese mixture in thirds and set aside. Melt
  remaining butter. In small bowl, combine breadcrumbs, sugar and
  melted butter. Spread half of the apple mixture in bottom of same
  baking dish. Layer with 3 noodles. Spread with half of cream cheese
  mixture, and layer with 3 more noodles. Spread with remaining apple
  mixture and layer with last three noodles. Top with remaining cream
  mixture and sprinkle with breadcrumb mixture. Bake at 305øF for 30
  minutes. Let stand 20 minutes before serving. Makes 8 servings.
  Source: Primo Family Favourites ch.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRESCENTS
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------CRESCENT-------------------------------
      1 tb Yeast
    1/2 c  Milk, body temperature
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/8 c  Maple syrup
      1    Egg
      1 ts Lemon rind
      2 c  Whole wheat pastry flour

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      1 c  Diced green apples
    1/3 c  Dates, diced
    1/4 c  Butter
 
  Dissolve yeast in warm milk; set aside.  Melt together butter and
  maple syrup; let cool; add egg, lemon rind, flour, and yeast mixture.
  Mix together until you have a dough. Refrigerate overnight. Roll
  dough into 9" circles, one for each 4 rolls; cut each circle into 4
  pie-shaped wedges.
  
  Cut together apples, dates and butter.  Spread fruit mixture over
  dough wedges.  Roll up each crescent, beginning at the wide end.
  Place on unoiled cookie sheets, turning ends to form crescent shape;
  let rise to double in size, about 2 1/2 hours. Bake at 350 degrees
  10-15 minutes until golden brown.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRISP
 Categories: Fruits, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      5 x  Apples, sliced and peeled
      1 c  Brown Sugar
    3/4 c  Quaker Oats
    3/4 c  Flour
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Nutmeg
      1 ea Stick Butter, softened
    1/4 c  Apple Juice, or water
 
   Preheat oven to 375 deg F.
   Put half of the apples in a greased 9"x9" pan. Blend together
  remaining ingredients, except juice, and crumble half the flour
  mixture over the apples. Cover with remaining apples and flour
  mixture. Pour juice over top.
   Bake 35 minutes.
   Great with vanilla ice cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRISP #2
 Categories: Desserts, Low-cal
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 c  Apples, peeled, cored,sliced
      1 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Butter or margarine
    3/4 c  Rolled oats
      2 tb Brown sugar
      2 tb Chopped nuts
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
 
  Substitute peaches or pears when they are in season.
  
  Place apples in a microwave baking pan and sprinkle with lemon juice.
  In a small bowl, melt butter at High for 30 to 45 sec. Stir in rolled
  oats, brown sugar, nuts and cinnamon. Combine well. Sprinkle evenly
  over apples.
  
  Microwave at High for 8-10 min.  Allow 5 to 7 min after cooking time.
  
  8 Servings each 1/2 cup 1 fruit choice, 1 fat choice 10 g
  carbohydrate, 1 g protein, 5 g fat, 89 calories
  
  Source:  More Choice, The Canadian Diabetes Microwave Cookbook by
  Catha McMaster & Charlotte Empringham
  
  Shared but not tested by Elizabeth Rodier, July 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRISP (WITH CORN FLAKES)
 Categories: Fruits, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      5 x  Apples, sliced and peeled
      1 c  Brown Sugar
    1/2 c  Quaker Oats
    1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Corn Flakes
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Nutmeg
      1 ea Stick Butter, softened
    1/4 c  Apple Juice, or water
 
   Preheat oven to 375 deg F.
   Put half of the apples in a greased 9"x9" pan. Blend together
  remaining ingredients, except juice, and crumble half the flour
  mixture over the apples. Cover with remaining apples and flour
  mixture. Pour juice over top.
   Bake 35 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRISP 3
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      5 x  Apples, sliced and peeled
      1 c  Brown Sugar
    3/4 c  Quaker Oats
    3/4 c  Flour
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Nutmeg
      1    Stick Butter, softened
    1/4 c  Apple Juice, or water
 
   Preheat oven to 375 deg F.
   Put half of the apples in a greased 9"x9" pan. Blend together
  remaining ingredients, except juice, and crumble half the flour
  mixture over the apples. Cover with remaining apples and flour
  mixture. Pour juice over top.
   Bake 35 minutes.
   Great with vanilla ice cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRISP ALA BRIGITTE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Apples,tart,sliced,peeled
    1/2 c  Water
    3/4 c  Flour
      1 c  Sugar or brown sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/4 ts Salt
           Cream or whipped cream
 
  Butter a deep baking dish, put apples,water,flour,sugar and cinnamon
  in it. Mix with spoon and spread butter and salt over the apple mix.
  Bake at 350 degrees F until the apples are tender and the crust
  brown,about 30 minutes.Serve with cream or whipped cream From Fanny
  Farmers Boston Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRISP ALA CYBEREALM
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      5 x  Apples, sliced and peeled
      1 c  Brown Sugar
    3/4 c  Quaker Oats
    3/4 c  Flour
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Nutmeg
      1 ea Stick Butter, softened
    1/4 c  Apple Juice, or water
 
   Preheat oven to 375 deg F.
   Put half of the apples in a greased 9"x9" pan. Blend together
  remaining ingredients, except juice, and crumble half the flour
  mixture over the apples. Cover with remaining apples and flour
  mixture. Pour juice over top.
   Bake 35 minutes.
   Great with vanilla ice cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRISP II
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6    Apples; sliced
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
      1    Egg; beaten
      3 ts Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Water
 
  Slice apples into greased baking dish. To make topping: Combine
  ingredients, add to well beaten egg and mix untill crumbly. Spread
  over apples. Sprinkle with cinnamon and sugar mixture. Dot with
  butter and pour 1/4 cup water over top. Bake at 350F. for about 50
  minutes or untill top is browned and apples are done. Serve with
  cream, or vanilla ice cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRISP OVEN PANCAKE
 Categories: Brunch, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Oats; regular
    1/4 c  Bisquick
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
      2 tb Butter; softened
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
      2 c  Bisquick
    3/4 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Chunky applesauce
    1/4 ts Vanilla
      1    Egg
 
  Heat oven to 425F.  Grease jelly roll pan.  Mix oats, 1/4 cup
  bisquick, brown sugar, butter (or margarine) and cinnamon. Reserve.
  
  Beat remaining ingredients with whisk until well-blended. Pour into
  pan. Spread batter to edges. Sprinkle with oats mixture.
  
  Bake 14 to 16 minutes, or until light golden brown. Cut into 6 pieces
  and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUMB CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Butter
      4    Granny Smith Apples
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1 ts Lemon peel
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Mace
    1/3 c  Currants
  2 1/2 c  Flour
      3 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 pk Active dry yeast
    3/4 c  Water
    1/3 c  Butter
      1    Egg
      1 ts Lemon peel
    3/4 c  Chopped pecans
      6 tb Flour
    1/4 c  Confectioner's sugar
      3 tb Butter
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
 
  Melt butter in large skillet. Pare,core and slice apples to 1/2"
  pieces. Add apples to butter and cook, stirring, 8 minutes until
  tender. stir in suygar, peel, cinnamon, mace andcurrants. Cook 15
  minutes, stirring until thickened. Cool. In large bowl, combine 1 cup
  flour, sugar,salt and yeast. In small saucepan, combine water and
  butter. Heat on low flame until 120 F Gradually add to dry
  ingredients. Beat 2 minutes, Beat in egg, peel and 3/4 cup flour.
  With mixer, beat 2 minutes. Add remianing flour, stir in. Cover, let
  rest 20 minutes. Grease 2 baking sheets. Place half the dough on well
  floured work surface, roll to 14"x12". Place on sheet. Spread 1/2
  filling lenghtwise down center of the dough,. Starting about 3/4" for
  filling, cut 1" wide strips diagonally from filling to edges of
  dough. Alternately fold opposite strips of dough at angles across
  filling. Fold ends over filling. Brush large piece of waxed paper
  with vegetable oil. Loosely cover sheet. Top with plastic wrap.
  Refrigerate 2 hours. Uncover, let stand at room temperatue 10
  minutes. Preheat oven to 375 F. Combine rest of ingredeints for
  topping. Sprinkle over loaves. Bake 30-25 minutes until lightly
  browned. Remove from sheet. Cool. Preparation time 1 hour. Total time
  4 hours. Formatted for MM7 by Marge Nemeth-GNFK05B When I make this,
  my husband calls me Mrs. Entenmann!!
  
  Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.40
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUMB CAKE (MRS.ENTEMANN'S)
 Categories: Cakes, Fruits
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Butter
      4    Granny Smith Apples
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1 ts Lemon peel
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Mace
    1/3 c  Currants
  2 1/2 c  Flour
      3 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 pk Active dry yeast
    3/4 c  Water
    1/3 c  Butter
      1    Egg
      1 ts Lemon peel
    3/4 c  Chopped pecans
      6 tb Flour
    1/4 c  Confectioner's sugar
      3 tb Butter
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
 
  Melt butter in large skillet. Pare,core and slice apples to 1/2"
  pieces. Add apples to butter and cook, stirring, 8 minutes until
  tender. stir in suygar, peel, cinnamon, mace andcurrants. Cook 15
  minutes, stirring until thickened. Cool. In large bowl, combine 1 cup
  flour, sugar,salt and yeast. In small saucepan, combine water and
  butter. Heat on low flame until 120 F Gradually add to dry
  ingredients. Beat 2 minutes, Beat in egg, peel and 3/4 cup flour.
  With mixer, beat 2 minutes. Add remianing flour, stir in. Cover, let
  rest 20 minutes. Grease 2 baking sheets. Place half the dough on well
  floured work surface, roll to 14"x12". Place on sheet. Spread 1/2
  filling lenghtwise down center of the dough,. Starting about 3/4" for
  filling, cut 1" wide strips diagonally from filling to edges of
  dough. Alternately fold opposite strips of dough at angles across
  filling. Fold ends over filling. Brush large piece of waxed paper
  with vegetable oil. Loosely cover sheet. Top with plastic wrap.
  Refrigerate 2 hours. Uncover, let stand at room temperatue 10
  minutes. Preheat oven to 375 F. Combine rest of ingredeints for
  topping. Sprinkle over loaves. Bake 30-25 minutes until lightly
  browned. Remove from sheet. Cool. Preparation time 1 hour. Total time
  4 hours. Formatted for MM7 by Marge Nemeth-GNFK05B When I make this,
  my husband calls me Mrs. Entenmann!!
         FOOD AND WINE CLUB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 11/28 6:43 PM
  
  TO:      ALL FROM: MARGE NEMETH (GNFK05B) SUBJECT: R-MM APPLE CAKES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUMB COFFEECAKE
 Categories: Brunch, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Sugar; divided
      1 tb Cornstarch
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      1 tb Light corn syrup
      2 c  Apples; peeled and chopped
    1/4 c  Currants
  2 1/2 c  Flour
    3/4 c  Margarine; softened
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      1    Egg
    3/4 c  Buttermilk
           -vegetable shortening spray
 
  In 2 quart saucepan, combine 1/2 cup sugar, cornstarch, cinnamon and
  nutmeg.  Add corn syrup, apples and currants. Cok over medium heat,
  stirring frequently until mixture thickens. Remove from heat and cool
  slightly.
  
  In a large mixing bowl, combine flour and remaining 3/4 cup sugar.
  Using pastry blender, cut in margarine until mixture resembles coarse
  crumbs. Remove 1/2 cup and set aside for topping.
  
  To remaining mixture, stir in salt, baking powder and baking soda.
  Mix egg and buttermilk together. Add dry ingredients to
  egg-buttermilk mixture, stirring only until combined.
  
  Spray a 9 inch round cake pan with vegetable spray. Spread 2/3 of the
  batter over bottom of pan.  Spread 2/3 of the apple mixture over
  batter. Dot with remaining batter and apple mixture, spreading
  evenly. Sprinkle with reserved crumb mixture.  Bake at 350F for 45
  minutes. Cool slightly before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUMB MUFFINS WW
 Categories: Breads, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------BATTER--------------------------------
      2 c  Flour, all-purpose
    1/4 c  Sugar, granulated
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 ts Apple pie spice
      1 c  Milk, skim
      1 sm Apple, Delicious, Golden
           - cored, pared, shredded
    1/4 c  Margarine
           - melted
      1    Eggs

MMMMM-----------------------CRUMB TOPPING----------------------------
    1/4 c  Flour, all-purpose
      7 ts Sugar, granulated
      2 tb Margarine
           - melted
    1/8 ts Cinnamon, ground
 
   Batter - preheat oven to 400F. Line 12 muffins cups with paper baking
  cups. Combine flour, sugar, baking powder and apple pie spice. Combine
  milk, apple, margarine and egg; pour into dry mix. Stir until
  combined - do not overmix. Fill each cup about 2/3 full.
  
   Topping & Baking - Combine topping ingredients, stir until thoroughly
  combined; sprinkle equal amount of topping over each muffin, bake for
  15 to 20 minutes - or unitl toothpick comes out dry. Remove to wire
  rack and cool.
  
   Weight Watcher Exchanges: 1 Bread, 1-1/2 Fat, 50 Optional Calories.
  
   Nutritional Analysis per serving: 183 calories, 4 g.
   protein, 6 g. fat, 28 g. carbohydrate, 88 mg. calcium, 186 mg.
  sodium, 23 mg. cholesterol.
  
   Calories from fat: 28%
  
   Original recipe from Weight Watchers "Quick Start Plus Program"
  cookbook. Conversion by Rick Weissgerber.
   {GEnie D.WEISSGERBE]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUMB PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Pie
 
      4 c  Apples, tart
      2 tb Butter
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/4 c  Flour, all-purpose
    1/4 c  Butter, melted
    1/2 c  Nuts, chopped
           -(walnuts, pecans, etc.)
      1    Pie crust
 
  Core, peel and slice the apples.  Melt the butter and mix the rest in
  with it. Pour over apples and mix around so the apples are coated.
  Put in an unbaked pie shell.
  
  Combine brown sugar, flour, melted butter and nuts. Spread over top
  of the filling.  Bake at 375 degrees F. for 50 minutes, or until it
  is bubbling.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  One-crust apple-crumb pie -- The pie can also be frozen and then
  baked, right from the freezer, at 360 for 90 minutes. The pies will
  keep a very long time in the freezer and not be worse for wear.
  
  *  PS:  For those who like the quality of home-made pie crusts but the
  convenience of ready-made, make a bunch of crusts someday when the
  mood grabs you, and put them in the freezer in a big plastic bag.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  10 minutes preparation, 1 hour baking.
  : Precision:  approximate measurement OK.
  
  : Margaret Reek
  : Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY
  : mmr@ritcv.UUCP
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUMB SQUARES
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Oats -- Uncooked
  1 1/2 c  All-Purpose Flour
    3/4 c  Margarine, -- Melted
      1 c  Brwon Sugar -- Frimly
           Packed
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt -- (optional)
    1/2 ts Baking Soda
    1/4 ts Ground Nutmeg
      1 c  Appleaice
    1/2 c  Chopped Nuts
 
  Heat oven to 375* F. Grease 13x9-inch baking pan. Combine all
  ingredients EXCEPT applesauce and nuts; mix until crumbly. Reserve 1
  cup mixture. Press remaining mixture onto bottom of prepared pan.
  Bake 15 minutes; cool. Spread applesauce over partially baked crust;
  sprinkle with nuts. Top with resevered 1 cup oat mixture. Bake 13 to
  15 minutes or until golden brown. Cool in pan on wire rack; cut into
  2-inch squares
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUMBLE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      5 c  Peeled,sliced apples
      1 c  All purpose flour
    3/4 c  Quick cooking oats
           -(not instant)
    3/4 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Butter, room temp
 
  Arrange apple slices n bottom of 2 qt casserole dish. In mixing
  bowl,combine flour, oats,sugar,walnuts, salt,nutmeg,and cinnamon. Cut
  in butter, blending until mixture is crumbly. Sprinkle mixture evenly
  over apples.  Bake in 350 degree oven for 20 minutes.
  
  Serve warm with whipped cream or ice cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUMBLE PIE
 Categories: Pies, Fruits/nuts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1    Prepared pie shell
    1/4 c  Unsalted butter
      4 c  Green apples, thinly sliced
           - (peeled before slicing)
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/8 ts Ground mace
    1/2 tb Cornstarch
      1 c  Cookie crumbs
    1/4 c  Melted butter
      2 tb Brown sugar
 
  PREHEAT OVEN TO 400F. Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium
  heat on top of the stove. Add the apples, cover and cook for 5
  minutes. Remove the cover and add the sugar, juice, mace and
  cornstarch. Cook another minute, stirring, remove from the heat and
  set aside. Meanwhile, place prepared pie shell in the oven and bake
  for 10 minutes. While the pie shell is baking, combine cookie crumbs,
  melted butter and sugar and mix well. Remove pie shell from the oven
  and add the cooked apple mixture. Sprinkle the cookie crumble over
  the apples and replace in the oven for another 20 minutes. Cool the
  pie to room temperature before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUNCH
 Categories: Snacks, Kids
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      5    Apples
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Butter
      1 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 pn Of salt
 
  Peel apples and dice, sprinkle with cinnamon and 1/3 cup of the sugar.
  Cream butter and 2/3 cup sugar. Beat egg and add to butter mixture.
  Sift flour, baking powder and salt. Add to mixture. Pour over apples
  and bake 10 minutes at 425 - then 20 minutes at 350. Batter will be
  thick - just drop and spread as best as you can.
  
  Recipe from Marilla Ransdell, submitted by Donna Ransdell.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUNCH COBBLER
 Categories: Lowfat, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Instant oat meal
      1 c  Whole wheat flour
    3/4 cn Frozen apple juice
           Concentrate, thawed
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1    Golden delicious apple
      1    Egg replacer
    1/4 ts Baking powder
 
  makes 1 8-9" pan full
  
  Cut the apple into bite sized pieces.  Mix together everything except
  the apples.  Put a thin layer (1/8-1/4") of mixture on the bottom of a
  non-stick or Pammed round pan. Put apples on top of this. Then spread,
  plop, drop or get the rest of the mix on top of the apples *some
  way*. Then bake at 350F. I baked it for 25 minutes but it made the
  apples really mushy so next time I'll probably only bake it for 15-17
  minutes.
  
  I thought this turned out really good.  My husband even liked it and
  he thinks that there isn't anyway that a fatfree dessert can taste
  good. :-) Date:
    Wed, 18 Aug 93 13:01:14 PDT From:    Amy B. Ahmer
  <aahmer@ren.eecs.wsu.edu>
  
  Converted to MM format by Dale & Gail Shipp, Columbia Md.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUNCH COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Breakfast
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           -JUDI M. PHELPS
      2 c  Bisquick baking mix
    2/3 c  Milk or cold water
      3 tb Sugar
      1    Egg
      2 c  Apples (about 2); thinly
           -pared and thinly sliced

MMMMM----------------------STREUSEL TOPPING---------------------------
    2/3 c  Bisquick baking mix
    2/3 c  Brown sugar; packed
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/4 c  Firm margarine or butter

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
    1/2 c  Powdered sugar
      2    To 3 teaspoons milk
 
  Heat oven to 400 degrees F.  Grease square pan, sugar and egg; beat
  vigorously 30 seconds.  Spread half of the batter in pan. Arrange
  apple slices on batter; sprinkle with half of the Streusel Topping.
  Spread remaining batter over apple slices; sprinkle with remaining
  topping. Sprinkle with nuts.  Bake until wooden pick inserted in
  center comes out clean, about 25 minutes; cool. Drizzle with glaze.
  
  Streusel Topping: Mix baking mix, brown sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg,
  cut in margarine until crumbly.
  
  Glaze:  Mix powdered sugar and milk until smooth and of desired
  consistency.
  
  Makes 8 servings.  Source:  Clipped recipe from magazine.
  
  Shared by Judi M. Phelps. jphelps@slip.net or jphelps@best.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUNCH DESSERT
 Categories: Apples, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------LORELI AGUDA WSKD49A-------------------------
      1 c  Quick cooking rolled oats
    1/2 c  Whole bran cereal
    1/3 c  Whole wheat flour
    1/3 c  Brown sugar, packed
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ginger
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
      1 pk Regular butterscotch pudding
           -mix, 4 oz pkg.
  1 1/4 c  Milk
     22 oz Apple pie filling
      1 ts Finely shredded lemon peel
      2 tb Lemon juice
 
  Mix oats, cereal, flour, sugar, soda and spices. Cut in butter or
  margarine until crumbly. Pat half the mixture into a 8x8x2 inch
  baking dish. Bake in 350~ oven 10 minutes. Prepare pudding mix
  according to package directions except use the 1 1/2 cups milk. Pour
  over crumb layer. Mix remaining ingredients; spoon over pudding. Top
  with remaining crumbs. Bake, uncovered, in 350~ oven 30 to 35
  minutes. Serve warm or cool with ice cream, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUNCH ICE CREAM
 Categories: Ww, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
     3/16 c  Apple juice
    1 1/2 oz Grape nuts
        1 c  Weight Watcher Vanilla Ice
         -Cream
      ds Cinnamon
  
  Pour apple juice over Grape Nuts and heat in microwave for about 35
  seconds. Sprinkle with cinnamon. Top with ice cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUNCH MUFFINS
 Categories: Breakfast, Muffins, Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Unbleached Flour, Sifted
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Ground Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Vegetable Shortening
      1 ea Large Egg, Slightly Beaten
    1/2 c  Milk
      1 c  Tart Apples *
      1 x  Nut Crunch Topping
 
  * Apples are to be washed and cored. Shred the unpeeled apples for
  recipe. ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~----------------- Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder, salt
  and cinnamon into mixing bowl. Cut in shortening with pastry blender
  until fine crumbs form. Combine egg and milk. Add to dry ingredinets
  all at once, stirring just enough to moisten. Stir in apples. Spoon
  batter into paper-lined 2 1/2-inch muffin-pan cups, filling 2/3rds
  full. Sprinkle with nut crunch topping.
  Bake in 375 degree oven 25 minutes or until golden brown. Serve hot
  with butter and homemade jelly or jam.
  NUT CRUNCH TOPPING: Mix together 1/4 c brown sugar (packed), 1/4 c
  chopped pecans and 1/2 t ground cinnamon in small bowl.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUNCH MUFFINS #1
 Categories: Breakfast, Muffins, Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Unbleached Flour, Sifted
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Ground Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Vegetable Shortening
      1 ea Large Egg, Slightly Beaten
    1/2 c  Milk
      1 c  Tart Apples *
      1 x  Nut Crunch Topping
 
  * Apples are to be washed and cored. Shred the unpeeled apples for
  recipe. ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~----------------- Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder, salt
  and cinnamon into mixing bowl. Cut in shortening with pastry blender
  until fine crumbs form. Combine egg and milk. Add to dry ingredinets
  all at once, stirring just enough to moisten. Stir in apples. Spoon
  batter into paper-lined 2 1/2-inch muffin-pan cups, filling 2/3rds
  full. Sprinkle with nut crunch topping.
  Bake in 375 degree oven 25 minutes or until golden brown. Serve hot
  with butter and homemade jelly or jam.
  NUT CRUNCH TOPPING: Mix together 1/4 c brown sugar (packed), 1/4 c
  chopped pecans and 1/2 t ground cinnamon in small bowl.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CRUNCH PIE WITH CINNAMON ICE CREAM
 Categories: Pies, Ice cream, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------PIE---------------------------------
      6    Juicy sour apples
      1 c  Flour
      1 c  Brown sugar
    1/4 lb Margarine

MMMMM-------------------------ICE CREAM------------------------------
    1/2 pt Whipping cream
      2 tb Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon (heaping)
      1 qt Vanilla ice cream
      1 tb Red-hot cinnamon candy (opt)
 
  PIE: Pare, core and slice apples, and put in pie plate. Mix flour and
  brown sugar, then add margarine and mix until crumbly. Sprinkle this
  mixture over apples and bake at 350 deg. for about 30 min. or until
  apples are done. Serve warm with Cinnamon Ice Cream. CINNAMON ICE
  CREAM: Whip the cream, add sugar and cinnamon. Soften ice cream; add
  cinnamon mixture and whip. If desired, add cinnamon candy. Freeze.
  Gasparilla Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE CUSTARD
 Categories: Try, It
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 1/2 tb Honey
      2 c  Apple juice; or apple-berry
           -blend
  1 1/2 tb Arrowroot; or cornstarch
      1 tb Water
    1/4 c  Tahini
 
  Combine juice and honey, and bring to a boil.  Make a paste of
  arrowroot or cornstarch and water.  Stir paste into hot juice and
  cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until thick.
  
  Maximum thickening occurs just at the boiling point. If using
  arrowroot, remove from heat because boiling has a thinning effect; if
  using cornstarch, boil gently for 1 minute to remove the raw starch
  taste.
  
  Stir in tahini.  Reduce heat to low and mix until smooth. Pour
  mixture into a large bowl or 4 individual dishes. Let cool, then
  chill.
  
  Tahini is a thick, smooth paste made of raw, ground sesame seeds.
  
  A custard made without eggs?  Yes, and look, no cholesterol! This
  healthy refinement has just the right texture and flavor.
  
  Ingredients to serve 4:
  
  Posted 06-23-93 by JAY STEVENS on GT Vegetarian Cuisine
  
  Nutritional Information per serving: 189 Calories, 3 gm protein, 28 gm
  carbohydrate, 8 grams Fat,  x% Calories from fat, 0 mg Cholesterol,
  11 mg Sodium, x g Dietary fiber
  
  MM by MMCONV and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  GT Cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005 Converted by MMCONV
  vers. 1.40 ~--
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DANISH
 Categories: Cookies, Entertain
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -----crust-----
      1 c  Shortening
      3 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Milk
      1    Egg yolk
           -----filling
      6 c  Apples, peeled and sliced
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Margarine
      2 tb Flour
      1 tb Cinnamon
           -----glaze-----
    1/2 c  Powdered sugar
      2 ts Milk
    1/4 ts Almond extract
 
  Mix flour and salt, cut in shortening, combine milk and egg yolk and
  add to flour.  Roll out half the mixture on a floured surface to fit
  11x16x1/2 inch jelly roll pan. Place in pan.
     Mix all filling ingredients together and spread over dough. Roll
  remaining pastry and place over filling. Brush pastry with 1 egg
  white, stiffly beaten. Bake at 375F 45 minutes.
     Mix together glaze, drizzle over cooled danish. Cut into bars.
  Source: My mother.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DAPPLE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Oil
      2 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs
      3 c  Flour
      1 ts Soda
      2 ts Salt
      2 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Apples
      1 c  Coconut
      1 c  Pecans
           Topping:
      1 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Margarine
    1/2 c  Milk
 
  Heat oven to 325 degrees.  Grease a tube pan.  Mix oil & sugar in lg
  mixing bowl.  Add eggs, flour, soda, vanilla, & salt. Beat with
  electric mixer until well blended & mixture is stiff. Stir in apples,
  coconuts, & pecans. Spoon into cake pan, bake for 1 1/2 hrs.
  
  Topping:
  
  Mix all ingredients well.  Bring to a boil for 2 min. Pour over hot
  cake.
  
  ~-
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DATE & WALNUT CAKES
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      4    Cox's Apples, cored, peeled
           -and sliced
      4 tb Orange Juice
      6 oz Brown Sugar
      4 oz Butter
      1 lg Egg, Beaten
      8 oz Plain Flour
    1/2 ts Bicarbonate of Soda
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Baking Powder
      1 ts Cinnamon
      4 oz Fresh Dates, Chopped
      2 oz Walnut Pieces
 
  Preheat oven to 190C/375F/Gas Mark 5.
  
  Grease a 12 by 7 inch baking tin.
  
  Place apples and orange juice in a pan. Cover and cook over a low
  heat for 10-12 minutes until soft. Mash to Form a puree.
  
  In a bowl, beat sugar and butter until light and creamy. Beat in egg
  and apple puree. sift in flour, bicarbonate of soda, salt, baking
  powder and cinnamon. Fold in the chopped dates and walnuts.
  
  Pour cake mixture into prepared tin and bake in preheated oven for 40
  minutes until risen and form to the touch.
  
  Allow to cool and cut into 12 squares.
  
  Source: CHAT Magazine
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DATE MUFFINS
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 c  All purpose flour
      1 c  Wheat bran
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/3 c  Dates; chopped
      1    Egg; lightly beaten
    1/4 c  Packed brown sugar
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      1 c  Low-fat milk
      1 c  Apple; peeled, grated
 
  In a large bowl combine the whole wheat and all purpose flours, bran,
  baking powder, baking soda and cinnamon. Stir in the dates. In another
  bowl, bea t the egg with sugar and oil until well mixed, then stir in
  the milk and ap ple. Pour into the flour mixture and stir just enough
  to moisten, being car eful not to overmix.
  
  Spoon into nonstick or paper-lined medium muffin tins, filling almost
  to the top. Bake at 375 degrees (F) for about 20 minutes, or until
  firm to the touch.
  
  From the American Institute for Cancer Research's cookbook,
  Lighthearted Ev eryday Cooking by Anne Lindsay. This international
  bestseller, with more th an 200 recipes for healthier eating, is
  available for $16.95 in bookstores nationwide, or by calling
  1-800-843-8114.
  
  NOTES : Keeping baked goods low fat and good tasting isn't always
  easy, but this recipe does the job. These moist, good-tasting muffins
  contain only 11 9 calories and 3 grams of fat per muffin. This recipe
  was found on the Web at http://www.aicr.org
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DATE STRUDEL
 Categories: Apples, Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------LORELI AGUDA WSKD49A-------------------------
  2 1/2 c  All purpose flour, sifted
      1 ts Double acting baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      1    Egg, beaten
           Butter or margarine
     12    Zwieback, finely rolled,
           -about 3/4 cup crumbs
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts or pecans
      4 c  Cooking apples
      8 oz Pitted dates, finely snipped
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      1 ts Cinnamon
 
  Sift first 3 ingredients into bowl. Add egg and 1/4 cup butter,
  melted. Then add 1/2 cup ice water. Stir until blended, then knead to
  smooth ball on lightly floured board. Cover with towel and let rest
  at least 1/2 hour. Saute crumbs in 2 TB butter until lightly toasted,
  add nuts and set aside. Peel and core apples, cut in wedges, then in
  thin crosswise slices. Mix with next 4 ingredients. On lightly
  floured board, roll dough to a 24x16 inch rectangle. Brush with 2 TB
  butter, melted. Sprinkle with crumb mixture to within 1 inch of
  edges. Spread evenly with apple mixture. Then roll from long side as
  for jelly roll and seal ends. Shape in horseshoe and put seam down,
  on greased baking sheet. Melt 1/4 c butter and brush some on strudel.
  Bake in hot oven 400 about 40 minutes. Brush occasionally with
  remaining butter. Serve warm in slices.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DELIGHT
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2    Egg
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Salt
      3 tb Flour; rounded
      1 c  Apple; chunks
    1/4 c  Walnuts
 
  Beat eggs light.    Add sugar slowly and beat well. Add flour, baking
  powder, salt and vanilla.  Beat. Stir in apple chunks and walnuts.
  Bake in 6 x 9 inch pan (my Mom seems to have the only pan that size,
  which was my great-grandmother's pan--a 7 x 11 pan or
        8 x  8 works OK).
  
  Double the recipe if you are using a 9 x 13 pan.  I have used rhubarb
  instead of apples, and other fruits would work as well.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DIP
 Categories: Fruits, Dips
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      8 oz Cream Cheese, softened
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
      2 x  Med Apples, chopped
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
      1 tb Lemon Juice
 
   Blend together cheese and mayonnaise. Add apples, nuts, and lemon
  juice.
   Serve with crackers.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DUFF
 Categories: Irish, Classic
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Dessert apples
      2 oz Brown sugar
      2 oz Raisins
           Cinnamon to taste
      1    Beaten egg
    1/2 pt Cream, whipped
      1 pk Puff pastry (12 oz)
 
  (Inspired by James Joyce's "Ulysses")
  
  Preheat the oven to 400'F. Peel and core the apples. Stuff the
  centers with a mixture of brown sugar, raisins and cinnamon. Roll out
  the pastry and cut out 4 circles approximately 8" in diameter,
  depending on the size of the apples. Place an apple in the center of
  the pastry circle and brush the edge with beaten egg; draw up the
  pastry to enfold the apple, pressing the edges firmly to seal. Brush
  the tops of the pastry parcels with the remaining egg to glaze. Bake
  in a shallow ovenproof dish for 40 minutes. Serve with whipped cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DUMP CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 cn Apple pie filling
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
      1 cn Crushed pineapple, drained
      1 pk Yellow cake mix
      1 cn Coconut; flaked 7 oz
      1 c  Chopped pecans
      1 c  Margarine
 
  Grease a  9 x 13 pan with oil or food spray.
  
  Dump ingredients in pan in order given.  Slice margarine into pats
  all over top of cake.
  
  Bake in 350 F. for about 50 minutes. Cut in small squares, or spoon
  out. Can  be eaten hot or cold, but best served warm from oven with
  vanilla ice cream. Serve cold with whipped cream or topping.
  
  Variations:  Add 1 c. raisins and a sprinkle of nutmeg to apple
  filling OR substitute fruit pie filling of your choice OR mix 1/2
  apple filling and 1/2 cherry filling.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DUMPLING
 Categories: Cyberealm, Desserts, Fruit
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Pastry for 2-crust pie
      6    Apples [peeled & cored]

MMMMM-----------------------FOR THE SYRUP----------------------------
      1 c  Granulated white sugar
      2 c  Water
      3 tb Butter (Softened)
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg

MMMMM----------------------FOR THE FILLING---------------------------
    1/2 c  Granulated white sugar
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon
  1 1/2 ts Nutmeg
      2 tb Butter (softened)
           Vanilla Ice cream
 
  Pre-heat oven to 450o 1) Roll pastry slightly less than 1/8" thick.
  Cut into seven inch squares. 2) Bring syrup ingredients to boil. Boil
  3 min. Put apple on center of each pastry square. Fill with mixture
  of sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg. 3)      Dot each with teaspoon of butter.
  Bring points of pastry up over apple and overlap. Place in a baking
  pan separated slightly and pour one cup of the hot syrup mixture
  around dumplings. Bake at 425o for 45 min. Just before serving pour
  rest of warm syrup over dumplings and serve with the ice cream.
  
  Variation: Peach Dumplings: use 3 large peaches, peeled and pitted (in
  place of apples)
  
  Put peach half on center of each square and proceed as for apple
  dumplings above.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DUMPLING #2
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Diabetic
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Recipe pie crust
      4    Apples
      1 tb (15 mL) lemon juice
      3 tb (45 mL) granulated sugar
           Replacement
           Or granulated fructose
    1/4 ts (2 mL) cinnamon
      4 ts (20 mL) margarine
      1    Egg white (slightly beaten)
           Basic Pie Shell
 
  Roll out pie dough and cut into 4 equal pieces. Peel and core apples
  and sprinkle them with lemon. Place 1 apple in center of each piece
  of dough. Combine sugar replacement and cinnamon in a bowl,
  sprinkling evenly into cavity of apples. Top each apple with 1 tsp (5
  mL) margarine. Bring opposite ends of dough up over apple. Moisten
  slightly with water; seal securely. Brush with beaten egg white and
  place in shallow baking pan. Bake at 425 F (220 C) for 35 to 45
  minutes, or until pastry is golden brown.
  
  Exchange 1 dumpling: 2 bread 1 fruit
    2 1/2    fat
  
  Calories 1 dumpling: 221
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DUMPLING DESSERT
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Misc
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Sugar
      2 c  Water
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Margarine
      2 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Shortening
    1/2 c  Milk
      5    Peeled and grated apples
           Sugar
           Cinnamon
 
  Combine sugar, water, and cinnamon in med. saucepan and bring to a
  boil. Remove from heat. Add margarine adn set aside.
  
  Sift together flour, baking powder, salt and then mix with shortening
  and milk.  Roll dough onto floured surface about 1/4 inch thick.
  Spread apples over surface of dough. Sprinkle with cinnamon and
  sugar. Roll up. Slice into 12 1 inch rolls. Put in 9 x 13 baking pan.
  Pour syrup over. Bake 45 min. at 350F
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DUMPLINGS
 Categories: Cakes, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Sifted Flour
      2 ts Baking Powder
      1 ts Salt
      6 tb Shortening
    1/2 c  Cold Milk
      6 x  Med Apples, pared & cored
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Cinnamon
 
   Sift flour, baking powder, and salt together. Cut in shortenig, add
  milk, and mix to a smooth dough. Turn onto floured surface and divide
  into 6 portions. Roll each portion large enough to cover 1 apple.
  Place an apple on each piece of pastry. Mix sugar and cinnamon
  together. Spoon some of this mixture into each core cavity. Moisten
  edges of pastry and bring up over the apple; seal edges. Place on
  greased baking sheet or in shallow pan.
   Bake at 350 deg F., or until apples are tender and pastry is lightly
  browned. Remove from baking sheet. Serve warm with milk or cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE DUMPLINGS (EB'L DUMPLING)
 Categories: Penndutch, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
      4 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
      4 tb Shortening
      1 c  Milk
      6 ea Apple
      1 x  Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
 
  Pare and core apples. Sift flour, baking powder and salt; cut in
  shortening, add milk and mix to smooth dough. Turn onto floured board
  and divide into six portions. Roll each portion large enough to cover
  one apple. Place an apple on each piece of dough; fill with cinnamon
  and sugar; wet edges of dough and fold over apple. Place on greased
  baking sheet, and bake at 350-F until apples are tender (about 40
  minutes). Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book - Fine Old Recipes,
  Culinary Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE EDAM & ORANGE SALAD.
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Few drops of lemon juice.
           One medium apple cored and
           Sliced
           Selection of mixed lettuce
           Leaves washed and trimmed.
           One medium orange, peel and
           Pith removed and sliced into
           Segments
      2 oz 60 g edam cheese thinly
           Sliced
      2 tb Low fat natural yoghurt.
      1 tb Orange juice.
      2 ts Sunflower seeds toasted.
 
  1. Put the lemon juice in a small bowl and dip apple slices into it to
  prevent them browning.
  
  2. Arrange the lettuce leaves on a serving plate and place the apple
  slices, orange segments and sliced edam on top.
  
  3. Mix together the yoghurt and orange juice and then drizzle it over
  the salad. Sprinkle with toasted sunflower seeds and serve.
  
  Preparation 10 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE EDAM & ORANGE SALAD.
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Few drops of lemon juice.
           One medium apple cored and
           Sliced
           Selection of mixed lettuce
           Leaves washed and trimmed.
           One medium orange, peel and
           Pith removed and sliced into
           Segments
      2 oz 60 g edam cheese thinly
           Sliced
      2 tb Low fat natural yoghurt.
      1 tb Orange juice.
      2 ts Sunflower seeds toasted.
 
  1. Put the lemon juice in a small bowl and dip apple slices into it to
  prevent them browning.
  
  2. Arrange the lettuce leaves on a serving plate and place the apple
  slices, orange segments and sliced edam on top.
  
  3. Mix together the yoghurt and orange juice and then drizzle it over
  the salad. Sprinkle with toasted sunflower seeds and serve.
  
  Preparation 10 minutes.
  
  Serves 1: 385 calories.
  
  Selections: 2 Fruit 2 protein 60 optional calories.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FACE MASK (TLC)
 Categories: None
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    150 g  Apple flesh
     20 g  Lemon Juice
     10 g  Almond Oil
     10 g  Wheatgerm Oil
     10 g  Egg White
     20 dr Essential oil of Marigold
 
  1. Peel and core the apple. Remove any discoloured parts and dice. 2.
  Place in a blender add all the other ingredients and blend for a
  minute at low speed and a minute at high speed.
  
  Depending on the amount of juice in the apple, the cream may be too
  wet or too dry. If so, add a teaspoon of rice flour or more lemon
  juice and blend for another minute.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FANTASY DESSERT
 Categories: Digest, Oct., Ovo, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Flour
      3 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      4    Egg whites
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
      3 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Apples, cut fairly small,
           Skins on is fine.
 
  Beat eggs, add sugar and vanilla and beat well.  Add dry ingredients
  and mix.  Dump in apples and stir until evenly distributed. Bake in a
  deep baking dish, 45 minutes at 350. Serve with custard.
  
  Posted by skill@qucis.queensu.ca (David Skillicorn) to the Fatfree
  Digest [Volume 11 Issue 25], Oct. 25, 1994. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission.
  Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FILLED ACORN SQUASH
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 x  Acorn Squash

MMMMM--------------------------COMBINE-------------------------------
      2 x  Apples, chopped
    1/2 c  Chopped Walnuts
      1 tb Grated Orange Peel
    1/2 c  Brown Sugar
      2 tb Margarine, melted
 
   Preheat oven to 350 deg F.
   Cut squash in half lengthwise and scrape out seeds.
   Place cut side down in baking dish and bake for 25 minutes.
   Mix the other ingredients. Turn squash cut side up, fill with apple
  mix and continue baking for 20 minutes, or until squash is tender.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FILLED PANCAKES
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        2 TB sugar
        1 c  flour
        1 ts baking powder
  :          Salt
    1 1/4 c  milk
        2    eggs
      1/2 ts vanilla
        4 TB butter
        2 lb or 4 Golden Delicious or
  :          Granny Smith appl -- peeled,
  :          co
  :          quartered and cut into
      1/8    -inch slices
        1 TB sugar mixed with
      1/2 ts ground cinnamon
  
  You must have a non-stick skillet or this won't work. Whisk sugar,
  flour, baking powder and 1/4 teaspoon salt together. Beat milk with
  eggs and vanilla and whisk this into batter; let stand while you cook
  the apples.
  
  Melt the butter in a large skillet. When foaming subsides, add the
  apples, cover and cook gently for 5 minutes or until soft. Uncover,
  raise the heat and evaporate the moisture. When the moisture has
  almost completely evaporated, add the sugar and finish boiling the
  juices away.
  
  Preheat the broiler with rack set 6 to 7 inches away from heat source.
  
  Oil the bottom and sides of a 10-inch non-stick pan with butter or
  non-stick vegetable cooking spray and heat for a minute. Add 1/3 cup
  of batter to the pan and tilt so it is well coated. Set skillet on
  very low heat and cook for 30 seconds. Gently arrange about 1/4 of
  the apple mixture on the first pancake. Pour in 1/3 cup more batter
  over the apples to cover them as best as possible. Cook pancake for a
  minute over medium heat, lower the heat and cook 2 minutes longer.
  Broil for about 3 minutes or until pancake is cooked through and
  golden. With a spatula loosen pancake around the edges and transfer
  to a platter (cover loosely with foil until all 4
  
  pancakes are done or serve immediately). Repeat procedure with other 3
  pancakes; serve dusted with confectioner's sugar.
  
  Yield: 4 servings
  
  Recipe By     :COOKING MONDAY TO FRIDAY SHOW # MF6719
  
                                        Date: Sat, 19 Oct 1996 21:54:34
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FILLED SQUASH HALVES
 Categories: Fruits, Hamburger, Meats, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 ea Acorn Squash; Md
      1 lb Lean Ground Beef
  1 1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      2 c  Apples; Pared & Chopped,2 Lg
    1/4 c  Raisins
      1 x  Salt
      4 tb Brown Sugar; Packed
      2 tb Margarine Or Butter; Melted
 
  Heat the oven to 400 degrees F.  Cut each of the squash in half and
  remove the seeds and fibers.  Place the squash, cut sides down, in an
  ungreased baking pan. Then add water to the depth of 1/4-inch and
  bake, uncovered, until the squash is tender, about 30 to 40 minutes.
  While the squash is baking, cook and stir the meat in a large skillet
  until it is brown. Drain off the excess fat.  Remove the skillet from
  the heat and stir in the 1 1/2 ts of salt as well as the cinnamon,
  the coarsely chopped tart apples and the raisins. When the squash is
  cooked, turn them so that the cut side is up and remove them to a
  platter. Drain off any remaining liquid in the pan and dry. Scoop out
  the pulp from the acorn squash, making a shell that is 1/4-inch thick
  all the way around. Season the shells with salt to taste. Mash the
  pulp and mix in the meat mixture. Return to the shells, piling them
  full and sprinkle with 1 tb of brown sugar on each. Drizzle with the
  melted butter.  Bake uncovered until the apple is tender, about 20 to
  30 minutes.  Serve hot. NOTE: You can substitute a combination of 1/2
  lb lean ground beef and 1/2 lb of bulk pork sausage for the 1 lb of
  lean ground beef.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FILLING FOR STRUDEL
 Categories: Ethnic
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           *INGREDIENTS*
     10 c  Apples, slices thin
      1    Stick butter
      1 c  Bread crumbs, very fine
      1 c  Sugar, or more if apples are
           -tart
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1    Lemon rind (grandma does NOT
           -use this)
    1/2    Stick butter, melted
 
  Source: Treasured Slovenian & International Recipes
  
  *DIRECTIONS* Melt stick of butter and lightly brown the bread crumbs.
  Set aside to cool. Sprinkle the cooled bread crumbs over the
  stretched dough. Spread the sliced apples evenly over the dough and
  sprinkle sugar, cinnamon and lemon rind over the apples. Melt the 1/2
  stick of butter and when it has cooled spoon over the apples. Roll up
  dough. Place in well greased pan and bake in 350 F oven for one hour.
  
  notes: Be careful not to puncture the dough when transferring to the
  pan, otherwise the strudel will stick to the pan.
  
  *VARIATIONS* Instead of lemon rind Grandma uses lemon juice. Grandma
  also waits until the dough is ready to slice the apples, that way
  they don't turn brown. She also uses the slicer on the side of a
  grater to slice the apples really thin.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FLAKE CRUNCH
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Seasonal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 c  Apples; Pared, Cored, And
           -Sliced, About 2 Lbs
      2 tb Brown Or Granulated Sugar
      3 tb Orange Juice
    1/3 c  Brown Sugar; Firmly Packed
      2 tb Butter Or Margarine
    1/2 c  Corn Flakes
    1/2 c  Unbleached Flour; Sifted
    1/2 ts Nutmeg Or Cinnamon
      1 tb Orange Rind; Grated
      3 tb Orange Juice
      1 tb Butter
 
  Preheat the oven to 375 Degrees F.  Arrange the apples in a greased
  10 X 6 X 2-Inch baking dish.  Sprinkle with 2 T of sugar then with 3
  T of orange juice.  Work 1/3 cup Brown Sugar and 2 T butter until
  creamy. Add the next 4 ingredients and mix until crumbly.  Spread on
  the apples. Sprinkle with 3 T of orange juice and dot with 1 T
  butter. Bake in a moderately hot oven of
      375    degrees F., for 45 minutes.
  
  To Serve;
  
  Serve hot or cold with whipped cream if desired.
  
  From:  The Good Housekeeping Cookbook  Copyright 1949
  
  Posted by:  Rich Harper
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FLORENTINE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      6    Large apples
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Grated lemon rind
      1    Egg yolk for glazing
      2 c  Ale
    1/2 ts Powdered nutmeg
      1    Stick of cinnamon
      2    Cloves
 
  Peel and core the apples.  Put close together in a deep 10 inch pie
  dish and sprinkle with six tablespoons sugar mixed with the lemon
  rind. Pour in 3 tablespoons water.  Roll out pastry 1/4" thick and
  cover apples. Make a 1 inch wide hole in the center of the pastry and
  put a small collar of pastry around it, wetting it slightly with cold
  water to join. Brush pie with egg yolk beaten with 2 teaspoons cold
  water. Bake in a preheated 400F oven for 30-35 minutes. Meanwhile,
  bring the ale, remaining sugar, and spices slowly to the boiling
  point, but do not boil; let spices steep in hot ale. When apple pie
  is done, pour hot ale into center hold through a funnel and serve
  immediately. Note: Whole apples go into the deep-dish pie that warms
  many an Englishman, especially in Bedfordshire, at Christmas. As the
  name suggests, Apple Florentine has Italian origins, though the
  Resaissance pope for whom it was occasionally prepared never knew the
  special savor of well-spiced ale that English cooks consder an
  indispensible part of the recipe.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FOCACCIA
 Categories: Main dish, Digest
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           -Dough:
      1 sm Apple, cored and quartered
      2 c  Unbleached white flour,
           -plus about 2 T for
           -kneading
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Sugar or 2 t honey
      1    Scant t quick-rising yeast
    1/4    Tp 1/2 t salt (optional)
    1/3    To 1/2 C hot tap water
    1/3 c  Raisins
 
  Filling:
        4    medium apples Juice of 1/2 lemon Pinch white pepper Pinch
  cloves Pinch cardamon Pinch nutmeg Pinch ground ginger or 1/2 t.
  grated ginger
    root 1 t. vanilla extract 1/4 to 1/3 C. sugar or honey 1/4 to 1/2 C.
  brown sugar or
        2 T  blackstrap molasses 1 t. cornstarch (2 t if using honey
  instead of sugar)
  
  Glaze: 2 T. apricot jam or preserves 1 t. water
  
  Dough: Process quartered apple in food processor for about 20 sec;
  transfer to a separate bowl.
  
  Add 2 C. flour, cinnamion, sugar or honey, yeast and salt if desired
  to food processor; process 5 seconds. Add processed apple; process for
  additional 5 seconds. With processor running, gradually add 1/3 C. hot
  water through feeder tube. Stop machine and let dough rest about 20
  seconds. Continue processing and adding water gradually through
  feeder tube until dough forms a soft ball and sides of bowl are
  clean. Pulse 2 or 3 mores times.
  
  Sprinkle raisins and 1 T flour onto clean surface. Turn dough onto
  surface and knead for about 1 minute to incorporate raisins. Add
  flour if dough is very sticky.
  
  Lightly flour inside of plastic bag. Plac dough in bag, seal and let
  rest for 15 to 20 minutes in a warm, dark place.
  
  Roll dough into a circle 12 to 14 inches in diameter. Lay in oiled
  (ack! use spray or parchment paper!) skillet or a baking dish. Cover
  with a kitchen towel and set aside in a warm place while you prepare
  filling. Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
  
  Filling: Core and slice apples paper thin. Sprinkle lemon juice over
  apple slices. Add remaining filling ingredients and mix well.
  
  Spoon filling into dough. Bake for 20 minutes, then rotate pan 180
  degrees. Reduce oven temperature to 375 degrees, and bake for an
  additional 20 minutes, or until apples are browned. Cool in pan for 5
  minutes. Remove from pan and cool thoroughly on wire rack.
  
  Glaze: In a small saucepan, melt jam or preserves. Add water, and
  bring to a boil, stirring vigorously. Brush glaze over apples and
  serve. Serves 8 to 10.
  
  The recipe also suggests that you prepare it a day in advance to give
  flavors a chance to meld.
  
  Per serving: 236 Cal. 4g protein; 0.3g fat; 54g carb; 0 cholesterol;
  5mg sodium;  3g fiber; VEGAN.
  
  Shared by Patricia Thorp From Fatfree Digest April-May 1994,
  Formatting by Sue Smith (using MMCONV)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FRENCH TOAST STRATA
 Categories: Breakfast, Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 lg Slices french bread, cubed
      1 pk (8 ounces) cream cheese, cut
           -into cubes
      1 lg Granny Smith apple, peeled
           -and sliced
      6    Eggs
      1 c  Milk
  1 1/2 tb Cinnamon
           Powdered sugar
           Sliced almonds
           Syrup
 
  Place half of bread cubes in a greased 11 x 7 baking dish. Cover with
  all of the cream cheese cubes, distributing evenly. Sprinkle with
  apple slices. Top with remaining bread cubes and almonds. Beat
  together eggs, milk and cinnamon until well blended. Pour over bread
  mixture in dish. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Bake in pre-heated
  375-degree oven about 35 minutes or until set. Sprinkle with powdered
  sugar. Serve with syrup.
  
  Date: 4 Nov 96 20:26:30 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FRITTERS
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking Powder
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      2 x  Eggs
    1/2 c  Milk
      2 x  Apples, chopped
 
   Mix dry ingredients. In separate bowl, beat eggs, stir in milk and
  apples. Combine with dry ingredients. Drop 1 Tablespoon at a time
  into hot 375 deg F. fat. Fry until golden brown. Drain and serve
  sprinkled with confectioners' sugar, and/or maple syrup. Makes 12-15.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FRITTERS (IRISH)
 Categories: Irish, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      5 oz Flour
      5 fl Water
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 ea Eggs (separated)
      1 tb Melted butter
      2 ea Large cooking apples
      4 oz Sugar
      1 x  Lemon juice
      1 x  Oil for deep frying
 
  Make batter at least an hour before required, using following method.
  Sift together flour and salt.  Make a well in the center. Add the
  cooled melted butter and some of the water and egg yolks. Work in the
  flour and beat until smooth.  Add remaining water. Leave to stand.
  Just before using, beat the egg whites until stiff but not dry. Fold
  into batter mix.
   Peel, core and slice apples (slices about 1/4-1/2 inch thick). Dip
  into batter and deep fry in very hot oil (175-180C) until golden.
  Drain and serve dredged with sugar and sprinkled with lemon juice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE FRITTERS (OB'L PUFFERS)
 Categories: Penndutch, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
      3 tb Powdered sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Milk
      1 ea Egg, well beaten
      2 ea Med Apple, sour, thinly slic
 
  Sift the dry ingredients into a bowl. Beat the egg and add the milk
  and stir into the dry ingredients. Mix well. Add the sliced apples.
  Drop batter by spoonfuls into hot fat and fry. Source: Pennsylvania
  Dutch Cook Book - Fine Old Recipes, Culinary Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE GINGER MIXED CHUTNEY
 Categories: Chutneys
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 c  Cider vinegar
      4 c  Packed brown sugar
     10 c  Tart apples -- diced
      4    Lemons -- chopped, with
           Peel
      2    Onions -- chopped
      5    Garlic cloves -- chopped
    1/2 c  Ginger -- minced
  1 1/2 c  Seedless raisins
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
 
  * You will need 6 one-pint jars and about 4 to 5 pounds of tart
  apples for this recipe. Prepare all ingredients before beginning.
  
  Peel, core and dice apples. Chop and remove seeds from lemons, but do
  not peel. Peel and chop onions. Peel and roughly chop garlic; do not
  mince. Peel and finely chop ginger root. Bring cider vinegar to a
  boil over low heat, using a large saucepan. Add apples and cook until
  the mixture returns to a simmer. Add remaining ingredients and cook
  gently for 20 minutes, stirring often. Spoon chutney into glass jars
  which have been washed in hot soapy water and rinsed with boiling
  water. Seal tightly. Cool and store in refrigerator.
  
  Yield: 6 pints.
  
  Recipe By     : Jo Anne Merrill
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE GINGERBREAD
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      6 tb Solid shortening
    1/3 c  Granulated white sugar
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Molasses
  1 3/4 c  Flour
      1 tb Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ginger
    1/2 ts Salt
    2/3 c  Strained applesauce
 
  Cream together shortening and sugar.  Beat egg; add molasses; mix
  well. Sift together three times the flour, soda, cinnamon, ginger and
  salt. Add to creamed mixture alternately with applesauce. Bake in a
  greased pan in a 350 degree oven for 45 minutes. Cool slightly.
  Serves eight.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE GINGERBREAD (SCOTTISH)
 Categories: Cakes, Scottish
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
    1/2 lb Cooking Apples
           Suger to Taste
      3 oz Demerara Sugar
    1/4 lb Golden Syrup
      3 oz Butter
      6 oz SR Flour
      1 ts Ground Ginger
    1/4 ts Ground Cloves
      1    Egg
 
  :       Set the oven to 350F/Gas 4. Grease an 8 inch x 6 inch baking
  tin. Peel, core and slice the apples. Put into a pan with a little
  water and sufficient sugar to taste. Stew gently until tender, then
  mash and cool. In a separate pan melt the syrup and butter and
  demerara sugar together gently until dissolved. Leave to cool. Sift
  the flour, ginger, and cloves into a bowl and make a well in the
  centre. Add the egg to the syrup mixture and beat well into the
  flour. Stir in the mashed apples and continue to beat all well
  together. Turn into the tin and cook for 30 minutes until firm. Leave
  to stand for a few minutes until firm. Leave to stand for a few
  minutes in the tin before turning out to cool on a wire rack; cut
  into slices. : :: From the booklet Scottish Teatime Recipes :: Typed
  in for you by Ray Watson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE GLAZED CARROTS
 Categories: Vegetables, Rice & grai
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 pk Baby carrots, 14.5 ounces
    1/4 c  Apple juice
    1/4 c  Apple jelly
  1 1/2 ts Dijon mustard
 
  Place carrots and apple juice in medium nonstick skillet. Bring to a
  boil. Reduce heat; cover and simmer 7 to 9 minutes or until carrots
  are crisp-tender. Uncover; cook over medium heat until liquid
  evaporates. Stir in jelly and mustard; cook and stir over medium heat
  until jelly melts and carrots are glazed. Source: Fast & Healthy
  Magazine. Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #
  
  Recipe by: Sue Klapper
  
  From: Sherry Zeiss <zeiss@tab.com>
  
  Date: Wed, 11 Dec 1996 23:09:11 -0600
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE GRAHAM CRACKER PUDDING
 Categories: Puddings, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 md Apples
      3 tb Butter
     12    Graham crackers
      3 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 c  Brown sugar or maple syrup
      1 c  Water
      1 c  Walnuts, chopped
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
 
  Crush graham crackers to make fine crumbs.  Mix crumbs with brown
  sugar and chopped walnuts; set aside. Peel, core and slice apples.
  Arrange in buttered 8-inch baking dish in alternate layers with crumb
  mixture. Dot top with butter and pour lemon juice and water over all.
  Sprinkle with nutmeg. Cover and bake in slow oven at 350 degrees for
  about 30 minutes, until apples are cooked to a jelly. Serve hot or
  cold with cream or whipped cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE GRANOLA BARS
 Categories: Snacks, Low-cal
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Brown sugar; packed
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine; softene
    1/3 c  Applesauce
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 c  Granola
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Ground allspice; or to taste
    1/2 c  Dried apples; finely chopped
 
  Recipe by: Fast & Healthy, July/Aug 1994 Preheat oven to 350 degrees;
  coat an 8-inch square baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. In a
  large bowl, combine brown sugar and margarine; beat well. Add
  applesauce and egg; blend well. Lightly spoon flour into measuring
  cup; level off. Add flour, granola, baking soda and allspice; blend
  well. Stir in apples. Spread batter in prepared pan. Bake for 20 to
  25 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out
  clean. Cool completely; cut into bars.
  
  Nutrition Analysis:  120 calories, 2g protein, 17g carbohydrate, 5g
  fat,
       13 mg cholesterol, 60mg sodium.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE HAM SLAW
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 c  Shredded cabbage
      1 c  Diced cooked ham
      2    Diced apples
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
           Toasted walnut/pecan pieces
    1/4 c  Raisins or currants
      2 tb Fresh lemon juice
      1 tb Dijon mustard
           Salt and pepper
 
  Combine all ingredients in a bowl.  Add salt and pepper to taste.
  Serve cold or hot.  Serves 4
  
  Source: The Oakville Journal. August 20, 1996
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE HARVEST SQUARES
 Categories: Bars, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  All purpose flour
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Sugar;divided
    1/2 c  Butter
      4 c  Apples; sliced, peeled
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
      1    Egg; lightly beaten
    1/3 c  Evaporated milk
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    3/4 c  Chopped nuts
  1 1/3 c  Flaked coconut
 
  In a bowl, combine flour, salt and 1/3 cup sugar. Cut in butter until
  the mixture resembles fine crumbs; press into the bottom of a greased
  13x9x2-inch baking pan. Arrange the apple slices on top of crumbs;
  sprinkle with lemon juice. Combine 1/3 cup sugar with cinnamon;
  sprinkle over apples. Bake at 375 deg. for 20 min. Meanwhile, in a
  small bowl, combine remaining sugar with the rest of the ingredients.
  Spoon over baked apples; bake for another 20 minutes or until golden
  brown. Cut into squares while still warm,
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE HEARTH BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2    To 1 3/4 cups unsifted
           -all-purpose
           Flour
      1 pk Rapid-rising dry yeast
    1/2 ts Salt
    2/3 c  Very warm water (120 degrees
           -to
    130    Degrees F)
    1/2 c  Olive oil
      1 tb Honey
      1 tb Butter
      1 lg Golden delicious or other
           Sweet firm apple, peeled,
           -cored,
           And cut into 1/4-inch thick
           -slices
    1/4 ts Coarse (kosher) salt
           (optional)
 
  Sweet apples and salty bread provide an intriguing contrast in taste.
  To ensure that the hearth bread remains light and crisp, keep the
  dough soft: Don't work in too much flour and knead it gently.
  
  Makes 1 loaf (6 servings)
  
  1. In large bowl of heavy-duty electric mixer, combine 1 1/2 cups
  flour, the yeast, and salt. Slowly beat in water, 1/4 cup olive oil,
  and the honey; vigorously beat mixture 10 minutes. Cover bowl with
  clean cloth and let dough rise in warm place, away from drafts, 40
  minutes.
  
  2. Meanwhile, in a large skillet, melt butter. Add apple slices and
  saute' until very lightly browned; set aside.
  
  3. After dough has risen 40 minutes, turn out onto floured surface.
  Gently knead in as much of remaining 1/4 cup flour as necessary to
  form a very soft dough - about 1 minute. Gently work apple slices
  into the dough.
  
  4. Lightly oil large baking sheet. With floured fingers, shape dough
  into a 9 inch round on oiled sheet. Cover with clean cloth and let
  rise in warm place, away from drafts, until double in size - about
       30    minutes.
  
  5. Heat oven to 400 degrees F. With pastry brush, coat top of dough
  round with 2 tablespoons olive oil; sprinkle with coarse salt, if
  desired. Bake 15 to 20 minutes or until hearth bread is browned.
  
  6. Drizzle hearth bread with remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil and
  serve warm.
  
  Nutritional information per serving - protein: 4 grams; fat: 20 grams;
  carbohydrate: 34 grams; fiber: 2 grams; sodium: 195 milligrams;
  cholesterol: 5 milligrams; calories: 335.
  
  From: Country Living, September, 1992.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE HERMITS
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Salad Oil
      3 c  Flour
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking Soda
    1/4 c  Molasses
    1/4 c  Black Coffee
    1/2 c  Milk
      1 c  Apples, peeled and diced
    3/4 c  Raisins
 
  Cream sugar with oil. Sift dry ingredients together and add
  alternately to the cream mixture with the molasses, coffee and milk.
  Fold in apples and raisins. Batter will be stiff. Spread in 2-3
  strips on 2 greased cookie sheets. Bake in a preheated 350oF Oven for
  20-25 minutes. Dust with confectioners sugar while still warm. Cut in
  small pieces and remove from pans to a rack right away.
  
  Source: "The Yankee Kitchen" 03-17-93 (#3) [Pauline]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE HONEY GLAZED CHICKEN^
 Categories: Low fat, Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Apple jelly
      1 tb Honey
      1 tb Dijon mustard
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
      4    Boneless skinless chicken
           Breast halves
 
  Heat grill or broiler. In small bowl, combine all ingredients except
  chicken; blend well.
  
  When ready to barbecue, oil grill rack. Brush chicken with apple
  mixture; place on gas grill over medium heat or on charcoal grill
  4-6" from medium coals or on broiler rack 4-6" from heat. Cook 15-20
  minutes until juices run clear and chicken is fork tender, turning
  occasionally and brushing frequently with apple mixture. 4 servings.
  
  Per serving: 160 calories, 27 g protein, 5 g carbohydrate, 3 g (17%)
  fat, 73 mg cholesterol, 160 mg sodium, 230 mg potassium, 3 lean meat
  and 1/2 fruit exchanges.
  
  Fast & Healthy 9/92 Carolyn Shaw 7-95
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE HONEY OATMEAL COOKIES
 Categories: Fruits, Cookies, Low-cal
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Butter flavor shortening
  1 1/4 c  Light brown sugar
           - firmly packed
      1    Egg
    1/3 c  Milk
      2 tb Honey
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Quick oats, uncooked
      1 c  Flour, all-porpuse
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      1 c  Raisins
      1 c  Walnuts, coarsely chopped
      1    Granny Smith Apple, peeled
           - cored, & finley chopped
 
    Heat oven to 375 degrees.  Grease baking sheets. Place sheets of
  foil on counter top for cooling cookies.
    Combine shortening, brown sugar, egg, milk, honey and vanilla in
  large bowl.  Beat with electric mixer at medium speed until
  well-blended.
    Combine oats, flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon. Mix into
  creamed mixture at low speed just until blended. Stir in raisins,
  walnuts and apples.
    Drop rounded measuring tablespoonfuls of dough 3 inches apart onto
  baking sheet.
    Bake one baking sheet at a time at 375 degrees 10 to 12 minutes, or
  until lightly browned.  DO NOT OVERBAKE. Cool 2 minutes on baking
  sheet.
    Remove cookies to foil to cool completely.  Makes 3 dozen cookies.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE ICE
 Categories: Apples, Beverages, Alcohol
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 pk Stouffer's escalloped apples
      2 tb Grenadine syrup; + 1-1/2 tsp
           Defrosted
      1 ts Lemon juice
     12    Ice cubes
    1/2 c  Rum
    1/2 c  Orange juice
 
  Empty apples into blender; add ice cubes, orange juice, grenadine,
  lemon juice and rum. Blend on high speed for 1-2 minutes. Pour apple
  mixture into chilled glasses. If desired, top with a dollop of
  whipped cream.
  
  NOTE: Can be made 1 hour ahead of time and kept in freezer until
  ready to serve.
  
  Stouffer's pamplet.
  
  Recipe by: Patti Anderson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE INDULGENCE
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Dark brown sugar
    1/2 c  Honey
      1 ea Egg
      4 ea Apples, medium, chopped
  1 1/2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Cream butter with sugar.  Add honey and egg; beat well. Stir in
  apples. Add dry ingredients and mix well. Pour into oiled 8-inch
  square pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 35-40 minutes. Serve with Caramel
  Sauce. Serves 4
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE JELLY
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      4 c  Apple juice (takes about 3
           -pounds apples and 3 cups
           -water)
      2 tb Strained lemon juice, if
           -desired
      3 c  Sugar
 
  To prepare juice:  Select about one-fourth firm-ripe and three-fourths
  fully ripe tart apples.  Sort, wash, and remove stem and blossom
  ends; do not pare or core. Cut apples into small pieces. Add water,
  cover and bring to boil on high heat.  Reduce heat and simmer for 20
  to 25 minutes, or until apples are soft. Extract juice.
  
  To make jelly:  Measure apple juice into a kettle. Add lemon juice and
  sugar nd stir well.  Boil over high heat to 8 degrees above the
  boiling point of water, or until jelly mixture sheets from a spoon.
  
  Remove from heat, skim off foam quickly.  Pour jelly immediately into
  sterilized hot containers and seal. Makes 3 to 4 eight ounce glasses.
  
  From: The Ball Blue Book Shared By: Pat Stockett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE JELLY SPREAD # 2
 Categories: Diabetic, Canning
      Yield: 32 Servings
 
      2 c  Unsweetened apple juice
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
      6 lg Cloves/whole
      2 ts Granulated gelatin
    1/2 c  Water; cold
           Sugar substitute equal to -
    3/4 c  Sugar
           Red food color (opt.)
 
     Combine apple and lemon juices and whole cloves in a heavy
  saucepan. Bring to a boil; simmer gently 10 minutes.
       Meanwhile, soak gelatin in cold water.  Remove apple juice from
  heat; discard cloves; add gelatin and sweetener and mix well to
  dissolve. Add about three drops red food color if desired; mix well.
  Pour carefully into two small, hot jars.  Cover lightly until cooled.
  Then cover tightly and store in refrigerator no longer than two
  weeks. Yield: 2 cups.
   Serving size:  1 tablespoon. Nutritional information per serving:
  Carbohydrates ~ 2g; Protein - 0g; Fat - 0g; Calories - 10; Fiber - 0g;
  Sodium - 1mg; Cholesterol - 0mg. Exchanges per serving: Up to 2
  tablespoons may be considered "free." NOTE: Low-sodium diets: This
  recipe is excellent. Source: The Art of Cooking for the Diabetic, by
  Mary Abbott Hess.
  
       Formatted by: Nancy Filbert; December, 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE JELLY/BH&G
 Categories: Canning
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
           Bh&g heritage cookbook-
 
    Wash 3 pounds tart apples; remove blossom ends and stems. Do not
  peel or core. Cut apples in small chunks. In 8- to 10-quart kettle or
  Dutch oven combine apples and enough water to cover (about 5 cups).
  Cover; bring to boiling over high heat. Reduce heat; simmer till
  apples are soft, 20 to 25 minutes. Strain apples and liquid through
  jelly bag; measure 4 cups juice. In kettle mix apple juice and 3 cups
  sugar till dissolved. Bring to full rolling boil. Boil hard,
  uncovered, till syrup sheets of metal spoon, 10 to 12 minutes. Remove
  from heat; quickly skim off foam. Ladle into hot sterilized jars to
  within 1/2 inch of top. Wipe rims. Seal with metal lids and screw
  bands. Invert jars; turn upright and cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE JUICE
 Categories: Beverages, Canning
      Yield: 1 Guide
 
 
  Quality: Good quality apple juice is made from a blend of varieties.
  For best results, buy fresh juice from a local cider maker within 24
  hours after it has been pressed.
  
  Procedure: Refrigerate juice for 24 to 48 hours. Without mixing,
  carefully pour off clear liquid and discard sediment. Strain clear
  liquid through a paper coffee filter or double layers of damp
  cheesecloth.
  
  Heat quickly, stirring occasionally, until juice begins to boil. Fill
  immediately into sterile pint or quart jars or fill into clean
  half-gallon jars, leaving 1/4-inch headspace. Adjust lids and process.
  
  Table 1. Recommended process time for Apple Juice in a boiling-water
  canner.
  
  Style of Pack: Hot.  Jar Size: Pints or Quarts. Process Time at
  Altitudes of 0 - 1,000 ft: 5 min. Process Time at Altitudes of 1,001
  ~ 6,000 ft: 10 min. Process Time at Altitudes of Above 6,000 ft: 15
  min.
  
  Style of Pack: Hot.  Jar Size: Half-Gallons. Process Time at
  Altitudes of 0 - 1,000 ft: 10 min. Process Time at Altitudes of 1,001
  ~ 6,000 ft: 15 min. Process Time at Altitudes of Above 6,000 ft: 20
  min.
  
  ======================================================= ===== * USDA
  Agriculture Information Bulletin No. 539 (rev. 1994) * Meal-Master
  format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE JUICE ROAST
 Categories: Roast, Beef, Meats
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 lb Boneless Beef Chuck Roast
      2 ea Med. Onions, Sliced
      2 tb Butter or Shortening
      1 c  Apple Juice
      1 tb Catsup
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Thyme Leaves
    1/4 ts Prepared Mustard
    1/8 ts Basil Leaves
      3 ea Large Sweet Potatoes *
      1 x  Lemon Juice

MMMMM-------------------------GARNISHES------------------------------
      1 x  Chopped Parsley OR
      1 x  Apple Rings And Parsley
      1 x  Gravy
 
  *     Sweet potatoes should be pared and cut into pieces.
  ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~----------------- Cook onions in 1 T butter or shortening in Dutch
  oven until tender-crisp; set aside. Brown roast in remaining butter
  or shortening in Dutch oven over medium heat 15 to 20 minutes or
  until browned on both sides. Pierce entire surface of meat with fork.
  Combine apple juice, catsup, salt, pepper, thyme, mustard and basil;
  add to meat.  Top meat with reserved cooked onions; cover and cook
  slowly 2 1/2 hours or until almost tender. Brush sweet potatoes with
  lemon juice for bright color; add to meat. Continue cooking, covered,
  30 to 40 minutes or until meat and potatoes are tender. Place meat
  and potatoes on warm platter. Sprinkle potatoes with chopped parsley
  or garinish with apple rings and parsley, if desired. Serve gravy
  over sliced meat. NOTE: After apple juice mixture is added to browned
  meat, it may be marinated in the refrigerator until 3 to 4 hours
  before serving time; turn meat several times. If Dutch oven is cast
  iron, transfer to a glass dish. GRAVY: Skim excess fat from cooking
  liquid; add water if needed to make 1 1/2 cups.  Mix 1/2 cup water
  and 2 T Unbleached Flour; stir gradually into cooking liquid. Heat to
  boiling; cook, stirring 3 to 5 minutes.  Season with salt and pepper,
  if desired. Gravy may be served in Large Apple that has been scooped
  out, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE JUICE ROAST *** BGMB90B@
 Categories: Main dish, Beef, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 lb Chuck; boneless
      2    Onion; sliced
      2 tb Butter or shortening
      1 c  Apple juice
      1 tb Catsup
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Thyme leaves
    1/4 ts Prepared mustard
    1/8 ts Basil leaf
      3    Sweet potatoes *
           Lemon juice
           Garnishes:
           Chopped parsley or
           Apple ; rings
           Gravy
 
  Sweet potatoes should be pared and cut into pieces. Cook onions in 1 T
  butter or shortening in Dutch oven until tender-crisp; set aside.
  Brown roast in remaining butter or shortening in Dutch oven over
  medium heat 15 to 20 minutes or until browned on both sides. Pierce
  entire surface of meat with fork. Combine apple juice, catsup, salt,
  pepper, thyme, mustard and basil; add to meat.  Top meat with
  reserved cooked onions; cover and cook slowly 2 1/2 hours or until
  almost tender. Brush sweet potatoes with lemon juice for bright
  color; add to meat. Continue cooking, covered, 30 to 40 minutes or
  until meat and potatoes are tender. Place meat and potatoes on warm
  platter. Sprinkle potatoes with chopped parsley or garinish with
  apple rings and parsley, if desired. Serve gravy over sliced meat.
  NOTE: After apple juice mixture is added to browned meat, it may be
  marinated in the refrigerator until 3 to 4 hours before serving time;
  turn meat several times. If Dutch oven is cast iron, transfer to a
  glass dish. GRAVY: Skim excess fat from cooking liquid; add water if
  
  needed to make 1 1/2 cups.  Mix 1/2 cup water and 2 T Unbleached
  Flour; stir gradually into cooking liquid.
   Heat to boiling; cook, stirring 3 to 5 minutes. Season with salt and
  pepper, if desired.  Gravy may be served in Large Apple that has been
  scooped out, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE KNOCKER *
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, Apples
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------
  1 1/2 oz Vodka
      2 tb Apple cider
      1 ts Lemon juice
      1 ts Strawberry liqueur
           Ice
 
  Combine all ingredients in a shaker; cover and shake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE KNOCKER 2
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, Apples
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 oz Vodka
      2 tb Apple cider
      1 ts Lemon juice
      1 ts Strawberry liqueur
           Ice
 
  Combine all ingredients in a shaker; cover and shake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE KNOCKERS
 Categories: Desserts, Candies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    (3") sticks cinnamon, broken
           -into pieces
      2 ts Whole cloves
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Ground nutmeg
      2 qt Apple cider
      2 c  Orange juice
    1/2 c  Lemon juice
 
  Place cinnamon sticks and cloves in a large tea ball, or tie in a
  cheesecloth bag. Set aside.
  
  Combine sugar and nutmeg in a large Dutch oven, stirring well.
  Gradually add apple cider, orange juice, and lemon juice, stirring
  well. Add tea ball. Bring mixture to a boil; reduce heat, and simmer
  15 mins. Remove tea ball; discard spices. Serve beverage warm. Yield:
  2 1/2 qts.
  
  From: America's Best Recipes A 1991 Hometown Collection
  
  Food & Wine RT [*] Category 9, Topic 19 Message 28 Sun May 24, 1992
  P.T.MACELUCH [Blivet NJ]     (Forwarded)
  
  MM by QBTOMM and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  GT Cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE KUCHEN
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter, melted
    1/2 c  (+4tbs.) sugar
      1 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1    Egg, beaten
      8 lg Granny Smith apples,>>>>
           Peeled, cored, cut in>>>>>
           Thick slices.
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      3 tb Slivered almonds
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F. In a large bowl, mix together the butter, 1/2
  cup sugar, flour, baking powder, vanilla extract and egg.
  
  Pour half the batter into a greased 8" square baking pan and spread to
  cover bottom.  In another lge. bowl, toss the apple slices with the
  remaining 4 tbs. cugar and cinnamon, then place on top of the batter
  in the baking pan.
  
  Spread the remaining batter over the apple mixture. Bake for 20
  minutes, then sprinkle with almonds and bake for 30 min. more.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE KUGEL
 Categories: Desserts, Jewish, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Each
 
           Dough:
  1 1/4 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 tb Sugar
      2 tb Oil
      1    Egg
      4 tb Warm Water
           Filling:
      3 lb Apples, peeled & sliced
    1/2 c  Raisins
      1 ts Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Dough: Sift dry ingredients together. Add oil and egg, and water to
  bind. Turn out on a floured board.  Knead until smooth and spongy.
  Set in a bowl, sprinkle with flour, cover with plastic wrap, and chill
       30    minutes. Filling: Combine dry ingredients in a bowl,
  sprinkling lemon juice over apples to prevent discoloration. Roll
  dough very thin. Brush with oil. Spread apple mixture along long end,
  and roll as for jelly roll.  Place roll in a greased utility pan.
  Brush top with beaten egg. Bake at 350F (180C) until brown. Baste
  with orange juice if apples are not juicy enough.
  
  From: The Great Hadassah Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE KUGEL D'LIGHT
 Categories: Desserts, Low-fat
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3 c  Water
    3/4 c  Medium QUAKER Barley*
      8 oz Plain low-fat yogurt
      1 c  2% low-fat cottage cheese
    3/4 c  Egg substitute; OR...
      6    -Egg whites
    1/4 c  Light corn syrup
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
  1 1/2 c  Finely chopped apples
      1 c  Raisins
      2 tb Sugar
 
  Cook barley as package directs; set aside.  Heat oven to 350 F. Spray
  11x7-inch glass baking dish with no-stick cooking spray or grease
  lightly. In large bowl, combine yogurt, cottage cheese, egg
  substitute, corn syrup, vanilla and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon; mix well.
  Stir in cooked barley, apples and raisins; mix well. Spread into
  prepared dish. Sprinkle evenly with combined sugar and remaining 1/2
  teaspoon cinnamon. Bake 32 to 38 minutes or until edges are set and
  knife inserted in center comes out clean. Let stand 30 minutes.
  Serve warm or cold.  Store tightly covered in refrigerator. *NOTE: To
  use Quick QUAKER Barley, substitute 1 cup quick barley for medium
  barley and decrease water to 2 cups. Cook barley as package directs;
  set aside. Proceed as directed above.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE LASAGNA
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Shredded cheddar cheese
      1 c  Ricotta cheese
      1    Egg; lightly beaten
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1 ts Almond extract
      2    20 oz. cans apple pie fillin
      8    Lasagna noodles, cooked; rin
      6 tb All-purpose flour
      6 tb Packed brown sugar
    1/4 c  Quick-cooking oats
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
        ds Ground nutmeg
      3 tb Margarine
      1 c  Dairy sour cream
    1/3 c  Packed brown sugar
 
  Recipe by: Cindy Revelle Combine Cheddar cheese, ricotta cheese, egg,
  granulate sugar and almond extract in medium bowl; blend well. Spread
  1 can apple pie filling over bottom of greased 13x9" pan. Layer 1/2
  of the noodles over filling, then spread cheese mixture over noodles.
  Top with remaining noodles, then remaining can of apple pie filling.
  Combine flour, 6 Tbls brown sugar, oats, cinnamon and nutmeg in small
  bowl. Cut in margarine until crumbly. Sprinkle over apple pie
  filling. Bake in preheated 350F oven 45 minutes. Cool 15 minute.
  Meanwhile, prepare garnish by blending sour cream and 1/3 cup brown
  sugar in small bowl until smooth. Cover; refrigerate. To serve, cut
  lasagna into square and garnish with sour cream mixture.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE LASAGNE
 Categories: Pasta, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      8    Pieces Lasagne, uncooked
     40 oz Canned apple pie filling

MMMMM-----------------------CHEESE FILLING----------------------------
      1 c  Part-skim ricotta cheese
    1/4 c  Egg substitute
      1 ts Almond extract
    1/4 c  White sugar

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      6 tb Flour
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      3 tb Margarine
      6 tb Brown sugar
    1/4 c  Quick oats
      1 ds Nutmeg

MMMMM----------------OPTIONAL SOUR CREAM GARNISH---------------------
      1 c  Sour cream
    1/3 c  Brown sugar
 
  Prepare lasagne according to package directions; drain. Spread one can
  apple pie filling in a greased 9 x 13 x 2-inch pan, slicing any
  extra-thick apples. Layer four pieces of lasagne over apples. In a
  bowl, mix together cheese filling ingredients; spread evenly over
  lasagne and top with the remaining four pieces of lasagne. Spoon
  remaining can of apple pie filling over lasagne. In a small bowl,
  crumble together topping ingredients. Sprinkle over apple filling.
  Bake at 350 degrees F for 45 minutes. Let stand 15 minutes. Cut into
  serving pieces and top with a dollop of sour cream mixture.
  
  Optional Sour Cream Garnish: mix sour cream with brown sugar and
  chill.
  
  Serves 12-15
  
  Each serving provides: 257 Calories; 6.3 g Protein; 50.7 g
  Carbohydrates; 3.7 g Fat; 5.8 mg Cholesterol; 103 mg Sodium. Calories
  from Fat: 13%
  
  Copyright National Pasta Association (http://www.ilovepasta.org)
  (Reprinted with permission)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE LOKSHEN (NOODLE) KUGEL (SWEET)
 Categories: Desserts, German, Pasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      8 oz Medium Egg Noodles
    1/4 c  Melted Margarine or oil
      4    Eggs, beaten
      3 md Apples
    1/4 c  Dark Seedless Raisins
    1/4 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Vanilla
 
  Cook and drain noodles and put in a large bowl. Stir in margarine and
  eggs. Peel and chop apples. If using raisins, rinse in hot water and
  drain. Combine all ingredients together, add seasoning and mix well.
  Preheat oven to 350 deg F. Pour kugel mixture into a greased 9" x 13"
  baking pan. Bake for 40-60 minutes or until lightly browned. Makes 12
  servings. Note: for extra softness, add another 2 eggs.
  
  Variation:  Pineapple Kugel Replace apples and raisins with one 16 oz
  can crushed pineapple..Add an additional 1/2-3/4 cup of sugar and 1
  tbs cinnamon.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MAPLE JAM
 Categories: Spreads, Jams
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 qt Finely chopped apples (about
           -6 pounds)
      6 c  Sugar
      1 c  Maple syrup
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Allspice
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Cloves
 
  Combine all ingredients in a large sauce pot.  Bring slowly to a
  boil. Cook rapidly to jellying point.  As mixture thickens, stir
  frequently to prevent sticking. Pour hot into hot jars, leaving 1/4
  inch head space. Adjust caps. Process 10 minutes in boiling water
  bath. Yield: about 8 half pints.
  
  From: Ball Blue Book Shared By: Pat Stockett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MARMALADE
 Categories: Condiments, Jams
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Apple sauce
    2/3    Lemon
      2 c  Sugar
    1/2    Bottle fruit pectin
 
  Pare and slice apples.  Add just enough water to prevent sticking.
  Cover and cook until apples are soft. Add grated rind and juice of
  lemon, and sugar. Heat to boiling, stirring constantly. Boil hard 1
  minute. Remove from fire.  Add fruit pectin. Stir 1 minute. Skim. The
  Household Searchlight
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MASH
 Categories: Fruits, Irish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Apple, cooking
      2 lb Potatoes
      1 tb Sugar
      2 oz Butter
 
  Peel potatoes.  Cook in salted, boiling water. Meanwhile peel, core,
  and slice apples.  Place in a pot with a tablespoon of water, and the
  sugar. Cook until soft. When the potatoes are cooked, drain and mash
  thoroughly. Beat in the apples and butter.  This mash goes partic-
  ularly well with bacon, or fried herring.
  
                                     -- per Diane Duane
                                        Fidonet COOKING echo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MASH (IRISH)
 Categories: Vegetables, Fruits, Irish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Cooking apples
      2 lb Potatoes
      1 tb Sugar
      2 oz Butter
 
  Peel potatoes.  Cook in salted, boiling water. Meanwhile peel, core,
  and slice apples.  Place in a pot with a tablespoon of water, and the
  sugar. Cook until soft. When the potatoes are cooked, drain and mash
  thoroughly.
   Beat in the apples and butter.  This mash goes particularly well with
  bacon, or fried herring.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MATZOH KUGEL (PAREVE)
 Categories: Passover
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4    Matzohs
      3    Eggs ;beaten
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Honey
    1/4 c  Oil
      2 tb Horseradish
    1/2 c  Chopped Walnuts
      2    Apples ;chopped
    1/2 c  Raisins
      1 ts Cinnamon
 
  Break matzohs in to pieces, soak in water and drain. Combine eggs,
  salt, honey, oil, cinnamon and horseradish and add to matzoh. Mix in
  nuts, apples and raisins. Place in greased 8 inch square baking dish
  and bake at 350 degrees for 35 minutes. Makes 6 to 8 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MEATLOAF
 Categories: Main dish, Meats
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Lean Ground Beef
      1 x  Apple, cored and chopped
      1 x  Med Onion, chopped
    1/8 ts Pepper
    1/2 ts Garlic Salt
 
  1 or 2 slices of Bread Preheat oven to 350.
   Combine all ingredients except bread. Soak bread in cold water,
  squeeze out moisture, shred, and add. Place in loaf pan and bake
  25-30 minutes. Or...form into patties, roll in bread crumbs and pan
  fry, or broil.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MERINGUE
 Categories: Penndutch, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Apple, stewed, hot
    1/4 c  Sugar
      3 ea Egg, separated
      2 tb Butter
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Powdered sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Combine the stewed apples, sugar, butter, lemon juice and spices and
  mix well. Beat the egg yolks and add to the apple mixture and beat
  until light. Pour into a buttered baking dish and bake at 400-F about
  15 minutes. Remove from oven and cover with a meringue made by
  beating the egg whites stiff, adding to them the powdered sugar and
  vanilla after partially beaten. Return to oven and bake at 325-F to
  brown the meringue. Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book - Fine Old
  Recipes, Culinary Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MERINGUE - LORELI
 Categories: Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------LORELI AGUDA WSKD49A-------------------------
      6 md Tart apples,peeled and cored
    1/4 c  Butter, melted
    1/3 c  White seedless raisins,
           -plumped
    2/3 c  Sugar
      2 tb Fresh lemon juice
      3    Egg whites
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Slice apples about 1/4 inch thick. Place in a well buttered baking
  dish. Pour melted butter over apples. Sprinkle with raisins, lemon
  juice and 1/2 of the sugar. Cover with aluminum foil and bake at 350
  for about 20 minutes, or until apples are tender. Beat egg whites
  with salt until stiff. Gradually add the remaining sugar to make a
  stiff meringue. Spread meringue over apples to the edge of dish. Bake
  an additional 10 minutes, or until meringue is brown. Serve warm.
  Cream may be added if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MERINGUE PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 ea 9" unbaked pie shell
      2 c  Grated apple
    1/2 c  Sugar
      3 tb Butter
      1 tb Lemon juice
      3 ea Eggs,separated
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 c  Confectioners' sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
 
     Spread apples evenly in bottom of pie shell.In separate bowl, cream
  sugar and butter.Blend in lemon juice and 3 beaten egg yolks.Pour over
  apple.Sprinkle with cinnamon and nutmeg.Bake in 350 degree oven for
  40 to 45 minutes.
     Beat egg whites until peaks are formed.Gradually,add powdered
  sugar and vanilla,beating until meringue is stiff.Spread over top of
  pie.Return to oven.Reduce heat to 325 degrees.Bake 5 to 10 minutes
  longer,until meringue is lightly browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MERINGUE-1
 Categories: Penndutch, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Apple, stewed, hot
    1/4 c  Sugar
      3    Egg, separated
      2 tb Butter
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Powdered sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Combine the stewed apples, sugar, butter, lemon juice and spices and
  mix well. Beat the egg yolks and add to the apple mixture and beat
  until light. Pour into a buttered baking dish and bake at 400-F about
  15 minutes. Remove from oven and cover with a meringue made by
  beating the egg whites stiff, adding to them the powdered sugar and
  vanilla after partially beaten. Return to oven and bake at 325-F to
  brown the meringue. Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book - Fine Old
  Recipes, Culinary Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MILK DRINK (SHARBAT)
 Categories: Beverages, Fruits, Harned 1994, Moroccan
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      2    Red eating apples
      2 tb Sugar
      2 ts Rosewater or orange flower
           -water (scant teaspoons)
      2 c  Cold milk
           Shaved ice (opt'l.)
 
  Peel and cube the apples.  Place in the blender jar with sugar,
  perfumed water and milk.  Whirl at high speed 15 seconds. Serve, with
  shaved ice if desired, in small glasses.
  
  Yield: 2 to 4 servings.
  
  From _Couscous and Other Good Food from Morocco_ by Paula Wolfert. New
  York: Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc., 1987. Pg. 326. ISBN
  0-06-091396-7. Electronic format by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MINT CHUTNEY
 Categories: Canning, Preserves, Fruits, Pickles, Poland
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 lg Lemons
      6 c  Apples -- peeled and
           Chopped
      6 c  Onions -- chopped
      3 c  Tomatoes -- peeled and
           Diced
  2 1/2 c  Sugar
      2 c  Cider vinegar
  1 1/2 c  Raisins
    2/3 c  Fresh mint -- lightly
           Packed
    1/4 c  Fresh parsley -- chopped
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 pn Cayenne pepper
 
  Pare outer rind from lemons and cut in thin strips. Squeeze and strain
  lemons into stainless pan.  Stir in remaining ingredients; bring to
  boil. Reduce heat to low; simmer for 1 1/2 hours or until thickened.
  Fill and seal jars according to Bath Basics.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MOUSSE
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Mark's
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 lg Cooking apples
    2/3 c  Sugar
      2 tb Lemon juice
  1 1/3 c  Water
      2 ts Cornstarch
 
  Peel & core the apples.  Slice them reasonably thinly & place in a
  large saucepan.  Add the sugar & water & cook until the apples are
  very soft. When cooked, sprinkle in the cornstarch, stirring &
  beating to ensure that there are no lumps.  Stir in the lemon juice.
  Set aside to cool.
  
  When cool, it doesn't have to be cold, place in a blender & blend
  until smooth.  Pour into 4 small dessert dishes & chill until ready
  to serve. Serve with jam cookies.
  
  Recipe by Mark Satterly
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MUFFIN MIX
 Categories: Mixes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Self-rising flour
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
      1 c  Chopped dried apple
 
  In a large mixing bowl, combine all the ingredients. Place the mix
  into an airtight container.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MUFFIN MIX WITH RECIPE
 Categories: Mixes, Gifts, Muffins, Quick bread
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Self rising flour
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      1 c  Chopped dried apple
           -MUFFINS:
      1 pk Mix
      1    Egg
    3/4 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
 
  Mix: Combine and store in an airtight container.
  
  Apple Muffins: preheat oven to 400. Mix all ingredients just until
  moistened. Fill greased muffin cups 3/4 full. Bake 15-18 minutes, or
  until golden brown.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Multigrain oatmeal
           -(with rolled rye, oats,
           -barley and wheat)
      1 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 c  Packed brown sugar
    3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/3 c  Toasted wheat germ
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 tb Apple pie spice
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Chopped apple
           -(Granny Smith or Jonathon)
  1 1/4 c  Skim milk
    1/3 c  Cooking oil
      3    Slightly beaten egg whites
           Granulated sugar
 
  In a mixing bowl, combine all of the dry ingredients (except
  granulated sugar).  Add the chopped apple and stir to coat with the
  dry ingredients. Add the remaining ingredients (except granulated
  sugar) and stir just until moistened. Spray 12 muffin tins with
  cooking spray (or use papers). Spoon the batter in to the tins,
  filling them full. Sprinkle muffin tops with a little granulated
  sugar. Bake in a 400 degree oven for 18 to 20 minutes or until done.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MUFFINS (NO FAT)
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
           -Kathleen Kincaid  NRRN96A
    1/2 c  Applesauce
    1/2 c  Apples; diced
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Cloves
      2    Eggs
      6 tb Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    2/3 c  Powdered milk
     10 pk Sweet and Low
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 c  Carrots; grated
 
  Mix all ingredients.  Spray muffin tin with Pam. Divide equally. Bake
  at 350 F. for 25 minutes.  Makes 12 muffins which is TW0 SERVINGS of
  SIX (yes 6) MUFFINS EACH. For each six (6) muffins the following
  counts apply: 1 Bread, 1 Fruit, 1 Milk, 1 Protein and 1/4 Vegetable.
  This recipe is no fat. You may substitute Egg Beaters for the eggs
  and Equal for the Sweet and Low.  Freeze well.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MUFFINS 2
 Categories: Breads, Easy
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
    1/2 c  Oil
      1 c  Honey
      2    Eggs or egg replacer
    1/2 c  Water
  2 1/2 c  AM Whole Wheat Flour
      2 ts Non-alum baking powder
    1/2 ts Sea salt (optional)
      1 ts Allspice
      1 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2 lg Apples; grated (with peel)
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 c  -to...
      1 c  AM Sunflower Seeds
           -(or chopped nuts)
 
  Beat honey, oil, eggs and water.  Mix dry ingredients and add to honey
  mixture.  Fold in apples, vanilla and nuts. Fill oiled tins 2/3 full.
  Bake at 400 F. 12 to
       15    minutes.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "Something Sweet" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MUFFINS 3
 Categories: Breads, Easy
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    1/2 c  AM Garbanzo Flour
      1 c  AM Instant Oatmeal
    1/2 ts Sea salt (optional)
  1 1/2 ts Non-alum baking powder
    3/4 c  Water
    1/4 c  AM Unrefined Vegetable Oil
      2 tb Honey
      1 md Apple; grated
    1/2 c  Raisins (optional)
 
  Preheat oven to 375 F.
  
  Mix dry ingredients.  Mix liquids and stir into dry mix. Let sit a few
  minutes to thicken.  Fill oiled muffin tins 2/3 full. Bake at 350 F.
  for 30 minutes or until done.
  
  VARIATION: A beaten egg may be added to the batter if fluffier
  muffins are desired.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "toasted Garbanzo Flour" tri-fold Reprinted by
  permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format courtesy of:
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE MULE
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, Mixed drink
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 oz Jack Daniels
      1 oz Southern Comfort
      1 oz Amaretto
      1 oz Triple Sec
  1 1/2 oz Lime juice
      2 oz Orange juice
 
  Mix in shaker with ice. Serve as shots. Appropriately named because
  they taste similar to a fresh apple, but after a few they will kick
  you in the butt.
  
  Recipe by: Bryan and Melissa Townley
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE N' SPICE MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins, Snacks
      Yield: 12 Muffins
 
      1 c  Apple sauce
      2 ea Eggs
    1/3 c  Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Chopped nuts
    1/2 c  Raisins
  2 1/2 c  Carnation Basic Muffin Mix
 
   In a medium bowl, combine apple sauce, eggs, oil, nuts and raisins.
  Stir in Carnation Basic Muffin Mix until just moistened. Spoon batter
  equally into 12 greased or paper lined muffiin cups. Bake in 350 F
  oven for 20-25 minutes until muffins spring back when lightly
  touched. Cool slightly; remove from muffin cups.
  
  Per muffin approx: 222 calories, 5 g protien, 10 g fat, 28 g
  carbohydrate Source: Carnation Instant Skim Milk Powder
  
  From the collection of K. Deck
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE NOODLE KUGEL
 Categories: Side dish, Jewish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           -JSWH97B    REBECCA PLASKER
      8 oz Noodles; cooked & drained
      1 cn Apple pie filling
      6    Egg whites
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Orange juice
      1 ts Lemon juice
    1/2 c  Raisins
      1 c  Walnuts
    1/2    Stick margarine; melted

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    1/2    Stick margarine; melted
  1 1/2 tb Sugar
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Walnuts
 
  1.  Mix noodles with margarine. 2. Add eggs, sugar, apples, juices,
  nuts & raisins to noodles. Mix well. 3. Top with melted margarine.
  Sprinkle mixture of sugar and cinnamon over top. Top with 1/2 c
  walnuts. 4. Bake 350, 1 hour in 9 x 13 pan. It's a good one! Posted
  on PRODIGY, September, 1994; formatted by Elaine Radis; PRODIGY ID,
  BGMB90B; GEnie, E.RADIS
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE NUT BAKE
 Categories: Baby food
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 oz Cooking apples
      2 ts Orange juice
      1    Egg yolk
      1 tb Ground almonds
 
  1.  Peel, core and slice the apple, and cook with the orange juice
  until soft.
  
  2.  Mash or puree, stir in the egg yolk and almonds, and bake at 350F
  for 15 min or until set.  Serve hot or cold.
  
  To vary: Use other fruit in season.
  
  From "The Best Healthy Baby Cookbook" By Carol Hunter. Posted by
  Theresa Merkling
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE NUT CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Ethnic, Cajun
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Cooking oil
      2 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs
      2 ts Vanilla extract
      3 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking soda
      3 c  Apples -- diced and peeled
      1 c  Pecans -- chopped
 
  Mix oil, sugar, eggs and vanilla until creamy. Beat in flour, salt and
  baking soda. Fold in apples and pecans. Place batter in 13 X 9 inch
  pan. Bake at 350 for 1 hour.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  NOTES : Festival: Louisiana Nursery Festival; March 17-19, 1995
  Contact: Clyde Holloway Address: P.O. Box 339, Forest Hill, LA 71430
  Phone: 318-748-6803
  
  Recipe By     : LA Festivals
  
  From: 	owner-Mm-Recipes@idiscover.Net O
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE NUT COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Shortening
      1 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts -Salt
      1 c  Sour cream
      2 c  Apple; finely chopped
           Topping:
    1/2 c  Nuts; chopped
    1/2 c  Brown sugar; packed
      1 ts Cinnamon; ground
      2 tb Butter; melted
 
  Fat grams    per serving:              Approx. Cook Time:
  :40
    Preheat oven to 350F. In mixing bowl, cream together shortening and
  sugar. Add eggs and vanilla, beat well. Combine flour, baking powder,
  baking soda and salt. Add to creamed mixture, alternating with sour
  cream. Fold in apple. Spread batter in greased 13 X 9 X 2" baking pan
  or large greased bundt pan. Combine nuts, brown sugar, cinnamon and
  butter. Sprinkle nut mixture evenly over batter. Bake 350F for 35-40
  minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE NUT QUICK BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      4 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking Soda
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Cinnamon
      2 c  Sugar
      4 x  Eggs, Beaten
      1 c  Vegetable Oil
    1/4 c  Sour Cream
      2 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Chopped Apples
      1 c  Chopped Nuts
 
  Preheat oven to 350 deg F.  Sift together flour, baking soda,
  cinnamon and salt.  Set aside.  Combine sugar, eggs, oil, sour cream
  and vanilla; beat well. Blend into flour mixture.  Fold in apples and
  nuts.  Pour into two greased and floured loaf pans.  Bake 1 hour or
  until loaves test done.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE NUT SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Apples
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           -Don Fifield xkgr41a
      2    3 oz boxes lime gelatin
      4 tb Sugar
      3 c  Boiling water
      2    3 oz pkgs cream cheese;
           -softened
      2    Mellow apples; pared & diced
      4 tb Lemon juice
      1 c  Pecans; chopped
 
  A refreshing molded salad to accompany holiday foods.
   Dissolve gelatin and sugar in boiling water; add cream cheese. Mix
  with electric mixer until cheese is completely dissolved. Chill until
  partially set. In the meantime, prepare apples and toss with half the
  lemon juice; reserve. Add apples, remaining lemon juice and nuts to
  thickened gelatin; pour into a 6-cup mold which has been lightly
  rubbed with mayonnaise. Chill until firm.
  
  Unmold early in the day; place on serving plate; wrap in plastic and
  return to refrigerator until ready to serve.
   Apple note:  Golden Delicious apples are best in this recipe as they
  hold their shape when baked.
         The Words Worth Eating Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE NUT SPREAD
 Categories: Spreads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 tb Cream Sherry
  4 1/2 c  Peeled, Thinly Sliced
           Cooking Apples (About
           1 Lb.)
    1/3 c  Pitted Dates Chopped
    1/2 c  Low Fat Cottage Cheese
    1/4 c  Light Cream Cheese Product
    1/2 ts Ground Cinnamon
      2 tb Chopped Almonds Toasted
 
  Place Sherry in 1 Quart Glass Measure.  Microwave At High 45 Seconds
  To 1 Min. OR Until Boiling. Add Apples & Dates. Cover With Plastic
  Wrap & Vent. Microwave On High 4-5 Min. OR Until Tender, Stirring
  After 2 Min. Cool Mixture Completely.
   Position Knife in Food Processor. Add Apple Mixture. Process Until
  Smooth. Place Mixture in A Bowl & Set Aside. Place Cottage Cheese in
  Processor & Process Until Smooth. Add Cream Cheese & Cinnamon;
  Process Until Smooth. Add Apple Mixture & Process Until Smooth. Place
  Mixture in A Bowl & Stir in Almonds. Cover & Chill. Serve Spread With
  Toasted Raisin Bread OR Apple Slices. (Fat 0.7, Cho. 0)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OAT BREAD
 Categories: Whole wheat, Electric, Oat, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Water
  1 1/3 c  Bread Flour
    2/3 c  Whole-Wheat Flour
      2 ts Nonfat Dried Milk
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Applesauce
    1/2 c  Canned/chopped apples
      1 tb Concentrated apple juice
      2 ts Lemon juice
      1 tb Honey
      2 tb Yogurt,Plain, Non-Fat
      2 ts Molasses
    1/4 c  Oats
      2 ts Yeast
 
  1 POUND LOAF Marie Frainier *DGCP02C*
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OAT BREAD * ELECBR-1
 Categories: Breadmaker, Breads, Apples
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------1 POUND LOAF-----------------------------
           -Marie Frainier *DGCP02C*
    1/2 c  Water
  1 1/3 c  White bread flour
    2/3 c  Wheat flour
      2 ts Dry milk
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Butter
    1/2 c  Canned/chopped apples
      1 tb Concentrated apple juice
      2 ts Lemon juice
      1 tb Honey
      2 tb Yogurt
      2 ts Molasses
    1/4 c  Oats
      2 ts Yeast (active dry)
 
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OAT CRISP
 Categories: Low-cal, Low-fat, Ww, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           - Marne Parry PKKW92A
      3 sm Apples; cored & sliced
    1/2 c  Applesauce
    1/2 ts Lemon rind
  1 1/2 ts Lemon juice
      1 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts Cinnamon

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      1 oz Quick oats
      2 tb Whole wheat flour
      2 tb Brown sugar
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb & 1 tsp. diet margarine
 
  :       Mix the base mix in an 8" baking dish. Combine the topping
  mix and crumble over the apples. Bake 350, 35-40 minutes. Exchanges:
  1/2 bread, 1/2 fat, 1 fruit, 35 calories. Source: Weight Watchers
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OAT MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  Buttermilk, sour milk, or
           ..plain yogurt (thinned to
           ..consistency of bmilk)
      1 c  Rolled oats
    1/2 c  Raisons
      1 c  Whole wheat (pastry) flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
      1    Egg or 2 egg whites or
           ..1/4 c egg substitute
    1/3 c  Honey
      1    Apple--cored and grated
 
    1.  Spray muffin pan with no-stick cooking spray.
    2.  Stir together in large mixing bowl and let stand while preparing
        remaining ingredients:  Buttermilk, oats, and raisons
    3.  Blend dry ingredients together in separate bowl: whole wheat
  flour,
        baking powder, cinnamon, salt.
    4.  Vigorously blend into oats and buttermilk:  Egg and honey.
    5.  Blend dry ingredients into liquid ingredients just until mixed.
  Do
        not overmix!
    6.  Fold in grated apple.
    7.  Fill muffin cups almost full.  Fill any empty cups half full of
        water.
    8.  Bake 350 degrees for 20 minutes.
    9.  Cool muffins in pan for 5 to 10 minutes for easy removal with
  slight
        tug on side of each muffin.  Turn muffins upsode down when
  removed from
        pan unmtil ready to serve. Best served warm. Variation--omit
  oats and use 1 3/4 cups whole wheat pastry flour.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OAT MUFFINS (OVO LACTO)
 Categories: Muffins, Apples, Prodigy, Dec.
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Pitted prunes
      2 tb Water
  1 2/3 c  Unbleached all-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Old-fashioned oatmeal
    1/2 c  Brown sugar; firmly packed
      1 tb Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt; optional
  1 1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 c  Skim milk
    1/4 c  Maple syrup
      2    Egg whites; .
      1 c  Chopped apples
 
  1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees 2. Place prunes and water in a food
  processor or blender and puree. 3. Combine flour, oats, brown sugar,
  baking powder, salt if using and cinnamon in a bowl. 4. In a seperate
  bowl, beat together the prune puree, milk, maple syrup, egg whites
  and apples. 5. Stir the we ingredients into the dry ingredients until
  the dry ingredients are moistened. 6. Transfer batter to nonstick or
  paper lined muffin cups, or to muffin cups lightly sprayed with
  vegtable cooking spray. Bake 20-30min until muffin tops are lightly
  browned and a wooden toothpick inserted into the middle of a muffin
  comes out clean.
   NOTE: You can substitute 1/3 cup commercially prepared pureed
  prunebaby food of prune butter(found in jam & jelly of baking section
  of your supermarket for the prune puree) the baby food prune jars you
  will need 2 2/2 oz jars and the prune butter will add extra cal sue
  to the added sugars in the mixture. I used the baby food prunes and
  it worked quite well.
   Nutrition (per serving):  144 calories  Total Fat 0 g (3% of
  calories) Source: 500 Fat-Free Recipes    By Sarah Schlesinger
  Page(s): 43 Date Published: 1994 A complete guide to Reducing the fat
  in your diet. :
  
  D/L from Prodigy 12-14-94. Recipe collection of Sue Smith. 1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OATBRAN SCONES
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 tb Baking powder
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 c  Margarine
      2 c  Oatbran
      2    Golden Delicious apples,
           -grated with skin
    2/3 c  Currants
    3/4 c  2 % milk
      4    Egg whites
 
  In a large mixing bowl, mix together flour, sugar, baking powder and
  cinnamon.  Use two knives to cut margarine into a dry mixture until
  crumbly.  Stir in oatbran, grated apple, and currants. In a measuring
  cup, whisk together 4 egg whites with milk.  Mix egg mixture into
  oatbran mixture until moistened.  Grease large cookie sheet and
  spread dough so that it is approximately 1 inch thick, 9 inches wide
  and 15 inches long. Score the dough into at least 18 squares. Bake at
  375 deg F for 25-30 minutes.  Best served warm with jam. Posted by
  Linda Davis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OATMEAL
 Categories: Breakfast, Microwave
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Unsweetened apple juice
    1/3 c  Water
    1/8 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ea Firm apple pared & finely
           -Sliced
           Salt
    1/3 c  Oatmeal
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
 
  Place juice, water, apple and seasonings in microwave proof measuring
  cup. Nuke for 2.5 min. Place oatmeal in microwave proof serving bowl.
  Add microwaved apple mixture to oatmeal. Microwave 1 min for quick
  oats, 3 min for regular. Notes: Seasonings can be adjusted according
  to taste. Half apples keep well until the next day or two by wrapping
  the unpealed half in plastic wrap. Granny Smith or Macintosh apples
  are great for this.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OATMEAL BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Sifted flour
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    2/3 c  Packed brown sugar
      1 c  Quick oatmeal
      1 c  Chopped nuts
      2    Eggs
    1/4 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Melted margarine,cooled
      2    Apples,cored,coasely shred
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F. Lightly grease and flour loaf pan. Sift flour,
  baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg in large bowl.
  Stir in brown sugar, oatmeal, and nuts.. Mix eggs, milk and butter in
  small bowl, add all at once to oatmeal mixture, add apples, stir
  lightly with fork until liquid is absorbed into mix and it is
  completely moistened. Spoon into prepared pan. Bake for 1 hour and 5
  minutes. Cool in pan on wire rack 10 minutes. Loosen edges with
  knife, turn out onto rack. Cool completely. Wrap, store overnight.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OATMEAL COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 48 Cookies
 
      1 c  C and H Brown Sugar; packed
    3/4 c  Butter or margarine
      1    Egg
      1 tb Water
  1 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Cream together sugar, butter, egg, and water.  Combine flour, baking
  powder, soda, spices, and salt.  Stir into creamed mixture. Blend in
  oats, apple, and raisins. Drop by teaspoonfuls, 2 inches apart, on
  greased cookie sheet.  Bake in 375 degree oven 15 minutes. Cool on
  rack.
  
  Reprinted with permission from _From our Private Collection_ From the
  C and H Sugar Kitchen Electronic format by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OATMEAL RAISIN
 Categories: Breadmaker, Fruit
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Apple juice
      1 tb Butter or margarine
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Brown sugar
      2 tb Oat bran
      1 c  Oats
      1 c  Bread flour
      1 ts Yeast
           At beep add:
    1/3 c  Raisins
    1/3 c  Apple; diced
    1/4 c  Chopped nuts; optional
 
  Recipe by: Donna German The Bread Machine Cookbook II
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OATMEAL RAISIN BREAD
 Categories: Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Apple juice
      1 tb Butter or margarine
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Brown sugar
      2 tb Oat bran
      1 c  Oats
      1 c  Bread flour
      1 ts Yeast
           At beep add:
    1/3 c  Raisins
    1/3 c  Apple; diced
    1/4 c  Chopped nuts; optional
 
  Recipe by: EAT-L, Donna German The Bread Machine Cookbook II
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE ONION RYE ABM
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------BEST BREAD MACHINE CB EVER----------------------
  2 1/4 ts Yeast
  1 7/8 c  Bread flour
  1 1/2 c  Rye flour
    1/3 c  Cracked wheat
  1 1/2 tb Sugar
    1/2 tb Salt
    1/2 tb Caraway seeds
      2    Garlic cloves, crushed
      1 md Onions; chopped
      1 lg Apples; chopped
      3 tb Butter
    1/2 c  Water
 
  Bring all ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery, in
  order. Set "baking control" at 10 o'clock. Select "white bread" and
  push Start.
  
  In hot & humid weather, use 1/8 c less water.
  
  This barely sweet, fruity rye tastes good with scrambled eggs or in a
  turkey sandwich.  For tea sandwiches, slice thin and spread with cream
  cheese and toasted sliced almonds.
  
  Tested in DAK R2D2.  Sylvia's comments:
  
  MM typos by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  Internet sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com, moderator of GT Cookbook and
  PlanoNet Lowfat & Luscious echoes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE ONION TURKEY STUFFING
 Categories: Stuffing, Breads, Apples
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      5 tb Butter
      1 c  Onion, diced
      2 c  Bread, crumbs
      2    Pippin apples; chopped
      1 c  White wine
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Allspice
      1 c  Almonds; chopped
 
  In frying pan, melt butter and saute onions until they are clear. In a
  bowl, combine the bread crumbs with the onion mix. Add apples and
  wine. Return to pan and cook 5 minutes longer. Add the remaining
  ingredients Stuff into turkey neck and body cavities.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OR CHERRY DOUGHNUTS
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 15 Servings
 
      3 oz Butter
      2 oz Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 tb Cinnamon
      2    Eggyolks
      9 oz Flour
    1/2 c  Milk
      2 ts Baking Powder
      2 tb Cherry Brandy
      2    Egg Whites
      9 oz Sour Cherries or
      9 oz Apple Slices
 
  1.Cream butter, sugar, vanilla, cinnamon and egg yolks until creamy.
  2.Mix bakingpowder under flour and mix, alternating with the milk and
  the brandy under the butter mix. 3.Beat the egg whites until stiff
  and fold into dough mix. 4.Add the drained cherries or apple slices
  to all. 5.Heat oil in deep fryer and put tablespoons full of the
  dough into the very hot oil and bake until they are golden brown.
  6.Drain on papertowl and sprinkle with sugar. Translated by Brigitte
  Sealing Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OR GRAPE JELLY
 Categories: Preserves
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Bottled juice
  3 1/2 c  Sugar
      1 pk Liquid Certo (1 pouch)
 
  Combine juice and sugar into a large pan.  Place over moderate heat
  and bring to a boil.  Stir in Certo and bring to a full rolling boil
  and continue at a full rolling boil for 1 minute. Remove from heat,
  skim and bottle at once.
  
  This is from way back in the late 60's.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE OR PLUM CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           Cottage cheese and oil
           Pastry (1)
           FRUIT TOPPING:
  2 1/4 lb To 3 1/4 lb (1- 1 1/2 kg)
           Apples or plums
           FOR SPRINKLING:
           A little sugar
 
  Roll out the pastry onto a greased baking sheet. FOR THE FRUIT
  TOPPING: peel and core the apples and cut into slices or quarters (if
  the apples are very large divide into eighths). If plums are used,
  rub them clean and then stone. Distribute the fruit evenly over the
  pastry. lay plums with the insides upwards. fold a piece of greased
  paper a number of times and lay it against the pastry at the open
  side of the baking sheet. OVEN: pre-heat for 5 minutes at very hot,
  bake at moderately hot. BAKING TIME: 15-25 min.
  
  After baking, when the cake has cooled somewhat, sprinkle with sugar.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE ORANGE SPICE MUFFINS (WW)
 Categories: Low cal/fat, Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
 
      3/4 c  flour
    1 1/2 t  baking powder
      1/2 t  cinnamon
      1/4 t  baking soda
        1    dash salt
      1/3 c  instant nonfat dry milk
        2 T  margarine
        1 T  brown sugar
        1    large egg
        2    apple
        2 T  raisins -------------------------Plus 1 tsp. frozen.
  concentrate-------------------
        1 T  apple juice
        1    orange peel
        1    dash cream of tartar
  
  Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Into small bowl sift together flour,
  baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, salt, nutmeg and cloves; stir
  in milk powder and set aside. In mixing bowl cream margarine with
  sugar; add egg yolk and, using electric mixer on medium speed, beat
  until thick and creamy. Add apples, raisins, juice, and orange peel
  and stir to combine; add flour mixture and beat until well blended.
  In separate bowl, using clean beaters and mixer on high speed, beat
  egg white with cream of tartar until stiff but not dry; fold into
  batter. Spray eight 2 1/2 inch diameter nonstick muffin pan cups with
  nonstick cooking spray; spoon 1/8 of batter into each sprayed cup
  (each will be about 2/3 full) and partially fill remaining cups with
  water (this will prevent pan from burning and/or warping). Bake 20 to
  25 minutes (until cake tester, inserted in center, comes out clean).
  Remove pan from oven and carefully drain off water (remember, it will
  be boiling hot); remove muffins to wire rack and let cool. Makes 4
  servings of 2 MUFFINS EACH!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PAN BREAD
 Categories: Apples, Breads, Bars
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
           -----loreli aguda wskd49a---
      1 c  All purpose flour; sifted
      1    Egg
  2 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 c  Soft vegetable shortening
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      2 c  Raisin bran flakes
      2 c  Cooking apples; pared and
    2/3 c  Milk
           -thinly sliced
 
  Sift together flour, baking powder, salt and 1/4 cup sugar. Set aside.
  Combine bran flakes and milk, add egg and shortening; beat well. Add
  sifted dry ingredients; stir only until blended, but do not beat.
  Spread in a greased 8x8x2 inch pan. Mix together 1/2 cup sugar and
  1/2 ts cinnamon. Dip apple slices in mixture; arrange on top of
  batter. Sprinkle any remaining sugar mixture over apple slices. Bake
  at 400~ about 30 minutes. Cut in squares and serve warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PAN DOWDY
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Brown Sugar
    1/4 c  Chopped Walnuts
    1/4 c  Raisins
      3 c  Apples, sliced
    1/4 c  Butter, softened
    2/3 c  Sugar
      1 x  Egg, beaten
      4 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Milk
  2 1/4 c  Flour
 
  Preheat oven 350 deg F.
   In bottom of buttered baking dish, sprinkle some brown sugar, nuts,
  and raisins. Layer in apples and remaining brown sugar. Cream butter,
  add sugar gradually, then add beaten egg.
   Sift flour, baking powder and salt. Combine creamed mix, dry
  ingredients and milk alternately till smooth. Pour batter over apples.
   Bake 35-40 minutes. Turn over on plate with apple side up. Serve with
  topping (whipped cream, etc.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKE
 Categories: Brunch
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Granny smith apples
      4 tb Butter
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon,ground; divided
    1/2 ts Nutmeg,ground
      6 lg Eggs; room temp.
  1 1/2 c  Milk
      1 c  Flour
      3 tb Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Recipe by: Milwaukee Journal Peel, core and cut apples into 1/4 inch
  thick slices (to make about 4 cups.) In 9 x 13 pan, melt butter in
  oven at 375 deg.  Arrange apple slices over melted butter in dish.
  Continue baking until apples are soft, about 10 minutes.
  
  In small bowl, mix brown sugar with 1/2 ateaspoon of the cinnamon and
  nutmeg.  Remove pan from oven; sprinkle apple with sugar mixture; set
  aside.
  
  In blender or food processor fitted with a metal blade, blend eggs,
  milk, flour, sugar, vanilla, salt an remaining 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon.
  Blend until smooth, about 30 seconds. Pour over apples in baking pan.
  Return pan to oven; bake at 375 deg 35 minutes, or until top is
  golden brown and apples rise to surface. Remove from oven and
  sprinkle with powdered sugar. Serve warm. Makes 8 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKE DELUXE
 Categories: Brunch
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Chuck Ozburn hbwk07a-
      4 lg Apples; tart, sliced
      4 tb Butter; or margarine
      6    Eggs; beaten
      1 c  Flour
      2 tb Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
 
   Saute apples and butter until apples are slightly soft and light
  golden brown.  Meanwhile, in a separate bowl, mix eggs, flour, sugar
  and vanilla. Pour over sauteed apples and bake in 375~ oven for about
  15 minutes until custard mixture is nearly done. Remove from oven and
  top with generous dollops of butter, granulated sugar, and cinnamon.
  Return to oven for five minutes to melt butter and set custard.
   Serve hot with heated maple syrup.  Freezes and reheats in microwave
  beautifully.
  
   This is a delicious brunch offering all year long, but is especially
  great in apple season.  Chuck in Pok.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKE PUFF
 Categories: Magazine, Breakfast, Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 tb + 1 tsp  margarine; reduced
           .  calorie tub style
      3 sm McIntosh or Granny Smith
           .  apples; cored & cut into
           .  1/4" thick slices
      2 tb Raisins
      3 tb Granulated sugar
      2 tb Orange juice
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2 lg Eggs
    1/2 c  Skim milk
    1/4 c  + 2 Tbsp  flour; all-purpose
      1 ts Vanilla extract
           Confectioner's sugar for
           .  garnish  (optional)
 
  1. In heavy medium ovenproof skil]et, melt 2 teaspoons of the
  margarine. Add apples, raisins, 1 tablespoon sugar, the orange juice
  and cinnamon. Cook, stirring frequently, 6-8 minutes, until apples
  are just tender. Remove apples to bowl.
  
  2. Preheat oven to 425øF. In small bowl, with electric mixer, beat
  eggs until foamy. Gradually add milk, flour, the remaining 2
  tablespoons sugar and the vanilla; beat 2 minutes longer, until
  batter is smooth.
  
  3. Add remaining 2 teaspoons margarine to same skillet. Place in oven
  to melt, about 1 minute. Pour batter into skillet; bake 10 minutes.
  Remove from oven and spoon apple mixture into center of pancake.
  Return to oven and bake 12 to 15 minutes longer, until puffed and
  golden.
  
  4. To serve, dust with confectioners sugar, if using, and cut into
  quarters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKES
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3 x  Eggs, separated
      3 tb Sour cream
      1 x  Peeled Apple, finely chopped
      3 tb Flour
      1 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
 
   Separate eggs and add sour cream, apple, flour, baking powder and
  cinnamon to the yolks, stirring well.
   Beat egg whites until peaks form, and fold into yolk mixture. Cook
  on hot, lightly greased griddle until golden brown. Delicious served
  with a dollop of sour cream and maple syrup.
   Makes about 12.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKES # 2
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3 x  Eggs, separated
      3 tb Sour cream
           Peeled Apple, finely chopped
      3 tb Flour
      1 ts Baking Powder
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
 
   Separate eggs and add sour cream, apple, flour, baking powder and
  cinnamon to the yolks, stirring well.
   Beat egg whites until peaks form, and fold into yolk mixture. Cook
  on hot, lightly greased griddle until golden brown. Delicious served
  with a dollop of sour cream and maple syrup.
   Makes about 12.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKES (GERMAN)
 Categories: Pancakes, German, Breakfast
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Flour-unbleached,unsifted
      2 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      4    Eggs beaten (lge eggs)
    1/2 c  Milk
      2 c  Apple slices
    3/4 c  Butter/margarine
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
 
  Apple Pancakes (German)
  
  Sift together the flour, 2 tsp sugar and the salt.
  
  Beat eggs & milk together. Gradually add flour mixtu, beat until
  smooth. Saute apples in 1/4 cup of butter until tender. Mix 2 Tbsp
  sugar and the cinnamon together. Toss with apples. Melt 2 Tbsp butter
  in a 6 inch diameter deep fry pan. Pour in the batter to a depth of a
  about 1/4 inch. when set place 1/4 of the apples on top, cover with
  more batter. Fry pancake until lightly brown on both sides. Keep warm
  and repeat procedure until all batter and apples are used up.
  
  I hope the person requesting the pancake recipe like it, although
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKES (OR WAFFLES)
 Categories: Apples, Pancakes, Waffles
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Flour
    1/4 c  Wheat germ
  2 1/2 ts Baking powder
    3/4 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      2    Eggs -- beaten
  1 1/2 c  Buttermilk
    1/4 c  Oil
      1 c  Coarsely grated tart apple
 
  Recipe by: HOOD RIVER VALLEY APPLE RECIPES
       Stir together all dry ingredients.  Mix eggs, buttermilk, and
  oil; add to dry ingredients and mix gently. Fold in grated apple.
  Cook on lightly oiled griddle. For waffles, double ingredients and
  freeze any leftover waffles; reheat on low setting in toaster. (One
  of my kids' favorite quick breakfasts!)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKES (SMITH)
 Categories: Breakfast, Fruits
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Whole-grain wheat pastry flo
    3/4 c  Bran
      3 tb Applesauce
      2 ts Active dry yeast
    3/4 c  Water; warm
      2 ts Egg substitute, dried; mixed
      4 tb Water
  1 1/2 c  Apple juice
      2 md Apple; peeled and grated
 
  Recipe by: McDougall Mix flour and bran. Add applesauce and mix well.
  Add yeast to warm water, stir to dissolve. Let rest 5 minutes while
  grating the apple. Add the apple juice, grated apple, and yeast
  mixture to the flour mixture. Stir batter well. Mix the egg replacer
  with water, beat until frothy. Add to batter. Cover batter and let
  rest for 15 minutes. Cook on medium-hot non-stick griddle, about 10
  minutes on first side, about 5-8 minutes on other side.
  
  HELPFUL HINTS: Ladle the batter on the griddle and flatten cakes, or
  the center won't be done. Do not turn until bubbles form on top.
  These are much thicker than regular pancakes and take longer to cook.
  From the collection of Sue Smith, S.Smith34, Uploaded June 16, 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKES FROM THE TOWNSHIPS
 Categories: Breakfast, Fruits/nuts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour; all purpose
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      2 ts -Salt
      3 tb Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
  2 1/4 c  Sour milk or buttermilk milk
      2    Eggs
      1 c  Apples;unpeeled,
           -cut in pieces
      6 tb Butter; melted
 
  Crepes aux pommes des Cantons
  
  Sift together flour, baking powder (1 Tbsp amount is correct), baking
  soda, salt sugar and cinnamon. Beat sour milk and eggs in a small
  bowl. Add apples, unpeeled and cut into small pieces and melted
  butter. Add the sour milk mixture to the dry ingredients. Stir well.
  Cook as you would ordinary pancakes in greased cast iron fry pan.
  Brown on both sides. Serve plain or with butter and maple syrup.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKES II
 Categories: Breads, Apples
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/4 ts Salt
      1    Egg; beaten
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      1 tb Butter; melted
  1 1/4 c  Applesauce
 
  Sift flour, salt and baking powder. Combine butter, milk and egg.
  Stir into flour. Add vanilla and applesauce. Beat well. Spoon batter
  onto a hot, well greased griddle, allowing enough batter to make 4 "
  cakes. When edges are lightly browned, turn and cook on second side.
  Serve hot with maple syrup or apple jelly and lots of butter. Pat
  Empson 05/21 07:28 am FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME:
  05/21 7:40 AM TO: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) FROM: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A)
  SUBJECT: MM-MORE APPLES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKES W/ CINNAMON BUTTER
 Categories: Scot/irish, Breads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 2/3 c  Flour; all-purpose
      1 tb Baking powder
    1/4 c  Granulated sugar
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      4 tb Butter; melted
      2    Eggs; beaten
  1 1/4 c  Milk
      2    Good eating apples; not
           .  Golden Delicious; peeled
           .  and cored
           Sunflower oil for frying

MMMMM----------------------CINNAMON BUTTER---------------------------
      1    Stick butter; softened
      2 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Soft light brown sugar
 
  First make the cinnamon butter. Beat all the ingredients together
  until the mixture is smooth. Store in a covered container in the
  refrigerator until serving. (This keeps for 7-10 days.)
  
  Sift the flour, baking powder, sugar and cinnamon into a bowl. Beat
  in the melted butter, beaten eggs and milk. Grate the apples into the
  mixture and mix in well.
  
  Oil a griddle, or a heavy-basedfrylng pan, or an electric hotplate,
  or if you have an Aga or Rayburn, the cooler hotplate. (For my
  American readers an Aga is a constantly burning range-like cooker
  with two or four ovens and hotplates. It gives an even heat and very
  consistent results.) Drop spoonsful of the apple batter on to the
  oiled surface, making pancakes of 2-3 inches / 5-7-5cm in diameter
  and leaving a space between them. Cook for about 2 minutes or until
  small bubbles appear over the surface, then, with a palette knife
  (pancake turner), slip each over to cook on the other side.
  
  As they cook, remove the pancakes and keep them warm on a plate, and
  covered with a cloth. When all the pancakes are cooked, serve them
  hot with the cinnamon butter. "Lady MacDonald's Scotland: The Best of
  Scottish Food & Drink"
  :      by   Claire MacDonald A Bullfinch Press Book by Little, Brown
  & Co., London ISBN = 0-8212-1809-3 Scanned and formatted for you by
  The WEE Scot --  pol Mac Griogair
  
  From: Paul Macgregor                  Date: 06-15-96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKES WITH CIDER SAUCE
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 13 Pancakes
 
      2 c  Biscuit mix
    1/2 ts Cinnamon, ground
      1    Egg; beaten
  1 1/3 c  Milk
      1 md Apple; shredded

MMMMM------------------------CIDER SAUCE-----------------------------
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 tb Cornstarch
    1/8 ts Cinnamon, ground
    1/8 ts Nutmeg, ground
      1 c  Apple cider
      1 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Butter or margarine
 
  Combine biscuit mix and cinnamon in a bowl. Combine egg and milk;
  stire into dry ingredients until smooth. Stir in shredded apple.
  
  For each pancake, spoon about 1/4 cup batter onto a hot lightly
  greased griddle. Turn pancakes when tops are covered with bubbles and
  edges are brown.
  
  Serve with Cider Sauce. Makes about 13 4-inch pancakes (about half
  that if you make 'em big like I do).
  
  Sauce:  Combine first 4 ingredients in a heavy saucepan. Gradually add
  apple cider and lemon juice. Cook over medium heat, stirring
  constantly, until mixture boils. Cook 1 minute, stirring constantly.
  Remove from heat, stir in butter or margarine. Makes 1 1/4 cups.
  Submitted By LISE WARING <HOBBIT@MAIL.UTEXAS.EDU>  On   TUE, 19 DEC
  1995 093841 GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANCAKES-PAT
 Categories: Breads, Apples, Pancakes
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      2 c  Bisquick
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1    Egg
  1 1/3 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Apple; grated

MMMMM------------------------CIDER SYRUP-----------------------------
      1 c  Sugar
      2 tb Cornstarch
    1/2 ts Pumpkin pie spice
      2 c  Apple cider
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Butter; or margarine
 
  Beat Bisquick, cinnamon, egg and milk until smooth. Fold in grated
  apple. Pour batter from 1/4-cup measuring cup onto hot griddle. Bake
  until bubbles appear. Turn and bake other side until golden brown.
  Makes about 18 pancakes. Pass Cider Syrup or other syrup of choice.
  For cider syrup: Mix sugar, cornstarch and spice in saucepan. Stir in
  cider and juice. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens
  and boils 1 minute. Remove from heat and blend in butter.
   Pat Empson 05/21 07:27 am 11:14 AM
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PANDOWDY (OJAKANGAS)
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      4    Apples; tart
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon; ground
    1/4 ts -Salt
    1/4 c  Molasses or tightly packed b
    1/2 c  -Water

MMMMM---------------------------PASTRY--------------------------------
      1 c  Flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts -Salt
    1/2 c  Butter or shortening
    1/3 c  Milk
 
  Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Lightly butter a shallow 1 1/2-to
  2-quart baking dish. Pare the apples and slice. Place in the bottom
  of the baking dish. Sprinkle with the sugar and cinnamon, and 1/4
  teaspoon salt. Mix molasses ands water and pour over the apples. In a
  mixing bowl, combineflour, baking powder,and 1/4 teaspoon salt. Cut
  in butter or shortening, until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add
  milk and mix until dough holds together in a ball. On a lightly
  floured board, roll out dough to a thickness of about 1/3 inch to fit
  the top of the casserole. Place over apples. Cut vents in the top.
  Bake 20 to 25 minutes, until golden. Recipe From:Great Old-Fashioned
  American Desserts Copyright 1987 by Beatrice Ojakangas from Usenet
  Recipes conference Source: CRS file
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PASTRY SQUARES
 Categories: Bars, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
      2 tb Cornstarch
      1 c  Water
      5 c  Apples, peeled and sliced
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      1 tb Lemon juice

MMMMM---------------------------PASTRY--------------------------------
      2 c  Flour
    2/3 c  Shortening
    1/2 ts Salt
      2    Egg yolks, beaten
    1/4 c  Cold water
      1 tb Lemon juice

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
    1/2 c  Powdered sugar
      1 tb Milk
      1 tb Butter or margarine
    1/2 ts Vanilla
 
  Combine sugar, cornstarch and butter in saucepan.  Mix until well
  blended, add apples.  Heat to boiling, stirring constantly. Remove
  from heat, stir in spices and lemon juice, set aside. For pastry,
  combine egg yolks, water and lemon juice.  Blend into flour. Mixture
  will form a ball, divide in half.  On lightly floured board, roll
  dough between 2 pieces of waxed paper to fit bottom and halfway up
  sides of 9x13 inch pan. Spread apple mixture over pastry.  Roll
  remaining pastry to fit pan. Place on top of filling. Fold bottom
  pastry over and press to seal. Cut a few slits in top. Bake for 40
  minutes at 400 degrees or until lightly browned. Combine ingredients
  for glaze and drizzle over cooled pastry.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PEAR BROWN BETTY
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3    Granny Smith Apples
      3    Ripe pears
      1 tb Lemon juice
      5    Slices whole wheat bread
    1/4 c  Melted butter
      1 tb Granulated sugar
    2/3 c  Firmly packed brown sugar
    1/2 ts Grated lemon peel
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Nutmeg
 
  Peel and slice apples and pears into thin slices.
   Cube the whole wheat bread slices.  Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Toss
  apples and pears with lemon juice in bowl. Toss bread cubes/crumbs
  with butter and sugar in another bowl. Combine brown sugar, lemon
  peel, cinnamon and nutmeg in bowl.  Spread half of fruit in 9" square
  baking dish. Sprinkle with half the bread cubes and then half the
  sugar mixture.
   Repeat layering.  Cover and bake 30 minutes.  Uncover and bake 30
  minuets more.  Serve with custard sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PEAR CAKE
 Categories: Low-cal
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Margarine
    3/4 c  Packed light brown sugar
      1    Egg
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
  2 1/4 c  Flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 ts Ground nutmeg
      2 sm Apples, chopped
    3/4 oz Dried pears
    3/4 c  Lowfat buttermilk *
      1 tb Confectioners sugar
 
  * Or you can use 3/4 cup regular milk and 1 T vinegar to make sour
  milk. 1. Preheat the oven to 375F. Spray a 9 1/2 inch tube pan with
  nonstick spray. 2. In a large bowl, cream the margarine with the
  brown sugar. Beat in the egg and vanilla. 3. In a medium bowl,
  combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Stir to
  blend. Stir in the cinnamon and nutmeg. 4. Finely chop the apples,
  and mince the dried pears. 5. Alternately add the flour mixture and
  the milk to the butter-sugar mixture in three additions, beating just
  until the flour is no longer visible. Stir in the apples and pears.
  6. Scrape the batter into the tube pan and bake for 40 min., or until
  golden brown and tests clean. 7. Cool in the pan on a rack for 10
  minutes, then unmold the cake and cool completely. Dust cake with
  confectioners sugar just before serving. Note: If you don't have any
  dried pears, you can substitute raisins
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PECAN BREAD PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts, Crockpot
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 c  Pecans; coarsely chop
      3    Eggs
      8 sl Raisin bread; diced
      2 c  Half & half or milk
      2 md Apples, green
    1/4 c  Bourbon or brandy
      1 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine; melted
      1 ts Cinnamon
           Vanilla ice cream (opt.)
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
 
     Preheat oven to 350~.  Spread pecans in a shallow baking pan and
  bake until golden, about 8-10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
     Meanwhile, place bread cubes in a greased 3 qt. or larger slow
  cooker. Peel, core and thinly slice the apples. Mix lightly together
  the sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg, add eggs and mix well. Blend in half
  and half or milkand then stir in bourbon or brandy.
     Lightly mix pecans with bread and apples. Pour egg mixture over
  bread. Drizzle with butter.  Cover and cook on low until apples are
  tender when pierced and custard is set; about 3 1/2 to 4 1/2 hours.
  Let pudding stand, covered, for about 15 minutes.  Serve warm with
  ice cream, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PECAN DRESSING
 Categories: Main dish, Poultry
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
      2 md Onions; diced
      1 lg Green pepper; diced
      4    Cooking Apples; diced
      8    Garlic cloves; minced
      2 tb Thyme Leaves
    1/2 lb Margerine (or more)
           Salt & Pepper
      1 lg Bag Seasoned stuffing mix
      2 bn Scallions; diced
      6    Celery stalks; diced
      2 c  Pecan pieces
           Turkey giblets
           - boiled, and diced
      2 tb Oregano, dried; -=OR=-
      4 tb -Fresh Oregano
      3 tb Worcestershire Sauce
      6 c  Chicken Stock
 
  Melt the margerine in a large stock pot. Add the onions, escallions,
  green pepper, (Some hot chili, or Jalapenpo, or Jamaican Scotch
  Bonnet Peppers too, if you are adventurous-), celery, apples, pecans,
  garlic, turkey g giblets, and all the spices and seasonings, and
  saute in the margerine, (or butter, if you prefer) until the onions
  are translucent, and the smell is driving you crazy. Add then the
  stuffing mix, turn down the heat, and stir until it is well mixed,
  taking care not to let the bottom burn. Add the chicken stock, until
  you have the right texture and consistency. As soon as it is added,
  turn the fire off, and set the dressing to cool, before stuffing the
  turkey. Stuffs a 20 lb turkey
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PECAN PHYLLO CRISPS
 Categories: Desserts, Low-cal
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2    Sheets phyllo pastry
      2 ts Margarine or butter; melted
      2 tb Chopped pecans; toasted
  1 1/2 ts Icing sugar

MMMMM-----------------------APPLE FILLING----------------------------
    1/3 c  Brown sugar; packed
      1    Grated rind of 1/2 lemon
      1 tb Lemon juice
      3 c  Apples; sliced and peeled
 
  1. Lay single sheet of phyllo on counter; brush with half of the
  margarine. Using scissors, cut crosswise into three 5" wide strips;
  fold each strip into thirds to form square shape.
  
  2. Using scissors, round off corners and gently mold into muffin cups.
  Repeat with remaining phyllo to make 6 shells. Bake in 400F oven for 5
  minutes or until golden.
  
  3. Apple filling: in heavy skillet, combine sugar, lemon rind, lemon
  juice and cinnamon; cook over medium heat until bubbly.
  
  4. Add apples and cook, stirring often, for 5 minutes or until
  tender; let cool slightly.
  
  5. Spoon into prepared shells. Sprinkle with pecans; sift icing sugar
  over top. Serve warm or at room temperature.
  
  Make ahead: Through step 2; phyllo crisps can be stored in airtight
  container for up to 3 days. Through step 4 for up to 6 hours.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PHYLLO KISSES
 Categories: Pies, Apples, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Finely chopped cookg apples
      1 ts Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Grated cheddar cheese
      1 tb Minced fresh chives
      4    Phyllo dough sheets
  1 1/2 tb Melted butter

MMMMM-----------------06/07 05:03 PM DON FIFIELD----------------------
 
  In a small bowl, combine apples, lemon juice, cheddar cheese, and
  chives. Set aside. Preheat oven to 375' F. Cut each sheet of phyllo
  in half lengthwise and into fourths crosswise, forming 32 6 x 4-inch
  squares. Lay 1 square of phyllo on a sheet of waxed paper. Brush
  lightly with melted butter.  Repeat with 2 more squares of phyllo.
  Place 2 tablespoons of filling in center. Bring up opposite corners
  of square and pinch to form a "kiss".  Repeat with remaining phyllo.
  (You should have 8 filled pastries) Transfer to lightly buttered
  baking sheet. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until golden brown. Serve
  warm.
         FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 06/07 5:27 PM
  
  TO:      DON FIFIELD   (XKGR41A) FROM: DON FIFIELD (XKGR41A) SUBJECT:
  R-MM APPLES-PIES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PICKLES
 Categories: Pickles
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Pared and quartered apples
      1 c  Mild vinegar
    1/8 ts Cloves
      1    Stick cinnamon
      2 c  Sugar
 
  Combine sugar, vinegar, and spices.  Boil 5 minutes. Add fruit and
  cook until tender.  Pack in sterilized jars. Fill to within 1/4 inch
  of top with sirup. Other fruits such as peaches, pears, and
  crab-apples may be substituted for apples. Mrs. G.E. Mayo, Sherburn,
  MN.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE
 Categories: Pies, Low-cal, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2    Cans Sliced Apples
           Drained (Comstock)
      2 ts Sweet 'n Low
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      1 tb Butter or marg.
           (optional)
      2 tb Flour
      1 c  Crushed Unsweetened
           Pineapple packed in
           Own juice. Do not
           Drain.
      1    Your favorite
           Pie crust
 
  In large bowl combine apple slices and all ingredients except butter.
  Mix together.  Pour into unbaked bottom crust. Dot with butter. Top
  with vented or lattice crust. Bake 425 degrees F for 15 minutes.
  REduce heat to 350 degrees F and continue baking 25 to 35 minutes or
  until crust is golden brown.
  
  The pineapple used has no sugar added.  It is the size can that looks
  like a tuna can...about 7 or 8 oz.
  
  Recipe designed by P. Reynolds
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE #1
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2    Unbaked pie crusts
      4 c  Water
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      4 ts Cream of tartar
     40    Ritz crackers
      2 tb Butter
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      1    Juice & grated rind of lemon
 
  Make your favorite pie crust (top and bottom).Boil water,sugar and
  cream of tartar.Add whole crackers,1 at a time.Boil 2 minutes.Add
  remaining ingredients.Cool.Pour into prepared pie shell.Cover with
  top crust.Slit top for steam vents.Bake @ 425 degrees for 10
  minutes.Reduce heat to 350 degrees.Continue to bake 20 to 25 minutes
  or until golden brown.Remove from oven. Cool.Makes 1 pie.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE #2
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Large egg yolk,slightly beat
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
      1    Graham cracker pie crust
  5 1/2 c  Sliced,peeled cooking apples
    3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Packed light brown sugar
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/3 c  Butter, room temperature
    1/4 c  Packed light brown sugar
      3 tb All-purpose flour
 
  Preheat oven to 374 degrees.Brush bottom and sides of crust,evenly,
  with egg yolk;bake on baking sheet until light brown,about 5 minutes.
  Remove crust from oven.Combine sliced apples,lemon juice,1/2 cup
  sugar, 1/4 cup brown sugar,3 tbsp. flour,salt,cinnamon and nutmeg.Mix
  well and spoon into crust.Mix remaining flour,sugar,brown sugar and
  butter with fork or pastry blender until crumbly.Sprinkle topping
  mixture,evenly, over apples.Bake on baking sheet,about 50
  minutes.Cool on wire rack. Serve at room temperature.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE #3
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Water
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
     16    Soda crackers
    1/2    Stick margarine
  1 1/2 ts Cream tarter
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
 
  Bake @ 350 degrees in unbaked crust.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE #4
 Categories: Desserts, Pie/cobbler, Low fat, France
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
           -diane crhn32b
           Light & Flaky Pie Crust;
           -see recipe of same name
  1 1/2 c  Thick unsweetened applesauce
    1/2 c  Honey
      3 tb Apple brandy; optional
      1 tb Vanilla extract;
           Lemon; grated rind only
      3 x  Tart apples; peeled & thinly
           -sliced
    1/2 c  All-fruit apricot jam;

MMMMM----------------------DATA PER SERVING---------------------------
    290 x  *Calories
      3 x  *gm Protein
      7 x  *gm Fat
     57 x  *gm Carbo
        x  *gm Chol
     11 x  *mg Sodium
      3 x  *gm Fiber
 
  PREPARE AND BAKE crust according to recipe instructions. (See Light &
  Flaky Pie Crust recipe) Set aside.
  
  Preheat oven to 375F.  In a 2-quart saucepan over med-high heat,
  simmer applesauce, honey, brandy if desired, vanilla and lemon rind
  until quite thick, about 10 to 15 minutes. Pour mixture into prepared
  crust. Arrange apples in concentric circles on top of sauce.
  
  In a 1-qt saucepan over med-high heat, melt apricot jam, then press
  through a sieve.  Use a pastry brush to glaze apples with jam.
  
  Bake for 30 minutes.  Let cool before slicing.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE (FRUIT SWEET)
 Categories: Pies, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Pastry for 2 crust 9" pie
      6 lg Apple; peeled, cored, &
           -sliced (I use Granny Smith)
    1/2 c  Fruit Sweet
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Nutmeg
      1 tb Butter
 
  Preheat oven to 350 F.  Line the pie pan with the bottom pastry. In a
  large bowl, combine the apples, Fruit Sweet, cinnamon, and nutmeg.
  Mix well and spoon into the crust. Dot the filling with butter. Cover
  the pie with the top crust, seal and flute the edges. Cut a few small
  slits in crust. Bake 40 minutes, until the crust is golden brown.
  
  Fruit Sweet is made of peach and pear juices and pineapple syrup. It
  is available from Wax Orchards, RR 4 Box 320, Vashon Island, WA 98070
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE (RADNOR)
 Categories: Pies, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------------PIE CRUST------------------------------
  2 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Cold unsalted butter
    1/2 c  Vegetable shortening
    1/4 ts Grated orange rind
      3 ts Very cold orange juice
      3 ts Ice water

MMMMM-----------------------CRUMB TOPPING----------------------------
    1/3 c  All-purpose flour
    1/3 c  Packed dark brown sugar
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
        ds Salt
        ds Ground ginger
      2 tb Cold, unsalted butter

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      8 md Granny Smith apples
  1 1/2 ts All-purpose flour
    3/4 c  Granulated sugar
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Orange rind
    1/2 ts Vanilla extract
    1/8 ts Ground nutmeg
        ds Salt
    1/2 c  Honey
  1 1/2 tb Unsalted butter
      1    Egg, beaten
 
  1. For pie crust, sift flour and salt into large bowl. Cut in butter
  and shortening until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add orange
  rind. Sprinkle in juice and water,. 1 tablespoon at a time, mixing
  with fork until flour is moistened and soft dough forms. Shape into
  ball. Refrigerate, covered, 1 hour.
  
  2. For crumb topping, mix flour, brown sugar, cinnamon, salt and
  ginger. Work in butter with fingers until mixture is crumbly.
  
  3. For filling, peel core and cut apples into 1/2-inch slices. Put
  slices in large bowl; toss with 1 to 1 1/2 tablespoons flour. Add
  sugar, cinnamon, orange rind, vanilla extract, nutmeg and salt. Stir
  in honey; let stand 1 hour.
  
  4. Heat oven to 450 degrees. Roll half of dough into a circle; fit in
  metal, 9-inch pie pan. Trim edge. Drain liquid from apples, reserve.
  Set 1/4 cup of the crumb topping aside. Layer apples with remaining
  crumbs in dough-lined pan. Use crumbs like mortar to build fruit up.
  Dot apples with 1 1/2 tablespoons butter. Sprinkle with 5 tablespoons
  reserved apple liquid.
  
  5. Roll out remaining dough; cut with knife or fluted pastry wheel
  into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Weave strips into lattice over fruit. Seal
  strips at edge of pan, moistening with apple liquid. Flute edge.
  Sprinkle reserved crumbs in holes of lattice. Brush only crust edge
  and strips with beaten egg.
  
  6. Bake on foil-lined baking sheet at 450 degrees, 5 minutes. Reduce
  oven temperature to 350 degrees; bake until apples are tender, 50 to
  55 more minutes (or only 40 minutes if you like crunchier apples).
  Cool on wire rack to room temperature.
  
  NOTE: Serve with vanilla ice cream or whipped cream flavored with
  vanilla sugar and orange-flavored liqueur.
  
  Posted By japlady@nwu.edu (Rebecca Radnor) On rec.food.recipes or
  rec.food.cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE (RICE)
 Categories: Pies, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Sugar.
      2 tb All-purpose flour.
      1 ts Cinnamon.
    1/8 ts Nutmeg.
    1/8 ts Salt.
           -Juice of 1 lemon.
      7 md Tart cooking
           -apples,pared,cored and
           -thinly sliced.
      3 tb Butter or margarine.
           -Kitchenaid pie pastry for
           -double crust 9-inch pie.
 
  INSTRUCTIONS:Combine sugar,flour,cinnamon,nutmeg,lemon juice and
  salt;mix with apples.
  
  Divide pastry in half.Roll to 1/8 inch thickness and line a 9-inchpie
  plate.Fill with apple mixture and dot with butter.Roll outremaining
  crust and place on pie.Cut slits for steam to escapeand seal
  edges.Sprinkle with sugar lightly.
  
  Bake at 400^F for 50 minutes. YIELD:One 9-inch pie.
  
  From the files of Al Rice, North Pole Alaska.    Feb 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE (SWEET 'N LOW)
 Categories: Pies, Diabetic
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lb McIntosh apples, peeled,
           -and thinly sliced (7 cups)
      2 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Sugar
      1 tb Butter Buds Sprinkles
      4 pk Sweet'N Low
           -(or 1-1/4 ts bulk)
      1 tb All-purpose flour
  1 1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/8 ts Ground allspice
      4    Sheets phyllo dough, thawed
           Nonfat frozen vanilla yogurt
           -optional
 
  Preheat the oven to 375 F. Spray a 9-inch pie pan with nonstick
  cooking spray.
  
  In a large bowl, toss the apples with the lemon juice. In a small
  bowl, combine the sugar, Butter Buds, Sweet'N Low, flour, cinnamon
  and allspice. Add to the apples and toss to coat. Lightly spray one
  sheet of phyllo dough with nonstick cooking spray. Fold in half and
  spray again. Place in the pie pan with one edge hanging over the pan.
  Repeat the process with the remaining 3 sheets of dough, overlapping
  in the pan to cover the bottom completely. Spoon the apple mixture
  into the pan. Fold the edges of the dough over to cover the apples.
  Spray with nonstick cooking spray. Bake 35 minutes, or until the
  dough is crisp and the apples are tender when pierced with a sharp
  knife. Cool slightly before serving.
  
  Serve with nonfat frozen vanilla yogurt, if desired.
  
  Variation: Seven cups of sliced fresh peaches or pears, or fresh
  blueberries, may be substituted for the apples. (Makes 1 9-inch pie,
        8    servings)
  
  Per serving (1/8 pie): 115 calories, 1 g protein, 29 g carbohydrate,
  1 g fat, 1 g saturated fat, 0 mg cholesterol, 65 mg sodium.
  
  Diabetic exchanges: 1/2 starch, 1-1/2 fruit
  
  From Sweet 'N Low Formatted by R. Thompson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE - CRANBERRY
 Categories: Pies, Apples, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      8    Granny Smith apples
      3 tb Lemon juice
    3/4 c  Whole cranberries
      3 tb Cornstarch
      2 tb Butter; melted
    2/3 c  Brown sugar

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    2/3 c  Oats
      1 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Butter; in 1/2" squares
 
   Peel and slice apples and put in lemon juice. Then add all other
  filling ingredients and mix in a bowl. Make topping in separate bowl.
  Put apple mixture in pie shell. Sprinkle topping on liberally. Place
  butter squares on pie. Bake at 300 deg. for 1/2 to 1 3/4 hours.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE - EUROPEAN SOUR CREAM
 Categories: Pies, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           CRUST:
    2/3 c  Butter
    1/4 c  Pure maple syrup
    1/2 c  Cream cheese
      1    Egg
      1 tb Orange rind
      1 ts Vanilla
  2 1/4 c  Unbleached flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
           FILLING:
      2 lb Green apples
           TOPPING:
    1/2 c  Sour cream
    1/4 c  Pure maple syrup
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
 
  For the crust, blend together butter, maple syrup, cream cheese, egg,
  orange rind and vanilla.  Add flour and baking powder. Roll out crust
  on a floured surface with a floured rolling pin. This dough is soft.
  Roll to 1/3-inch thickness.  Fit or pat the dough into 7-inch pie
  plate. Cut apples into 1/8-inch slices and arrange in a circular
  pattern on dough in pie plate. Refrigerate 1/2 hour. Combine sour
  cream, maple syrup and lemon juice.  Spoon over chilled apples.
  Sprinkle nutmeg on top. Bake at 350 degrees for 30 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE - FRENCH *LOW-FAT*
 Categories: Desserts, Pies, Low-fat, Apples
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
           -diane crhn32b
           Light & Flaky Pie Crust;
           -see recipe of same name
  1 1/2 c  Thick unsweetened applesauce
    1/2 c  Honey
      3 tb Apple brandy; optional
      1 tb Vanilla extract;
           Lemon; grated rind only
      3 x  Tart apples; peeled & thinly
           -sliced
    1/2 c  All-fruit apricot jam;

MMMMM----------------------DATA PER SERVING---------------------------
    290 x  *Calories
      3 x  *gm Protein
      7 x  *gm Fat
     57 x  *gm Carbo
        x  *gm Chol
     11 x  *mg Sodium
      3 x  *gm Fiber
 
  PREPARE AND BAKE crust according to recipe instructions. (See Light &
  Flaky Pie Crust recipe) Set aside.
  
  Preheat oven to 375F.  In a 2-quart saucepan over med-high heat,
  simmer applesauce, honey, brandy if desired, vanilla and lemon rind
  until quite thick, about 10 to 15 minutes. Pour mixture into prepared
  crust. Arrange apples in concentric circles on top of sauce.
  
  In a 1-qt saucepan over med-high heat, melt apricot jam, then press
  through a sieve.  Use a pastry brush to glaze apples with jam.
  
  Bake for 30 minutes.  Let cool before slicing.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE - ITALIAN  CROSTATA DI MELE)
 Categories: Pies, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           -General Mills, Inc
           Tart Dough (see recipe or
           -use favorite recipe)
      6 md Cooking apples; pared and
           -thinly sliced
      2 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Sugar

MMMMM-----------------06/07 08:37 AM DON FIFIELD----------------------
 
  Prepare Tart Dough. Heat oven to 375 deg. Toss together apples and
  lemon juice. Roll three-forths of the dough into 11-inch circle on
  lightly floured surface. Ease dough into ungreased 9x1 1/4-inch pie
  plate, pressing firmly against bottom and side.  Turn apples into pie
  plate and sprinkle with sugar.  Roll remaining dough into 11x5-inch
  rectangle. Cut lengthwise into 11 strips, 1/2-inch wide.  Arrange
  strips in lattice pattern on apples.  Fold edge of lower crust over
  ends of strips. Seal and flute. Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until crust
  is golden brown.
         FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 06/07 8:55 AM
  
  TO:      DON FIFIELD   (XKGR41A) FROM: DON FIFIELD (XKGR41A) SUBJECT:
  R-MM APPLES-PIES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE - POMONA
 Categories: Pies, Apples, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------
      1    Crust for 9" pie (single)

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      4 c  Tart apples; shredded
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 c  Walnuts; chopped
    3/4 c  Brown sugar
        ds Nutmeg
    1/2 c  Honey

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      4 tb Butter; soft
      3 tb Flour
      3 tb Walnuts; chopped
      3 tb Brown sugar
 
  Prepare crust or use a ready made one. Prebake at 375 for about 8
  minutes. Prepare filling. Shred apples (they don't need to be peeled
  if skin is soft). Mix with lemon juice quickly. Blend together
  walnuts, brown sugar and nutmeg. Place apples in the prepared shell.
  Top with walnut mix. Pour honey evenly over all. Bake at 375 for
  about 35 minutes. In the meantime, prepare topping. With fork, blend
  together butter, flour, walnuts and sugar until crumbly. Top pie with
  crumbled mix. Bake another 10-15 minutes or until apples are soft and
  topping is light brown. Serve with whipped cream or ice cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE - STREUSEL
 Categories: Pies, Apples, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Egg
      1 c  Sour cream, room temp
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour
    1/2 ts Vanilla
        ds Salt
  2 1/4 c  Cooking apples, finely chpd,
           -peeled (2-3 apples)
    1/4 ts Grated lemon peel
      1    9" single-crust pie shell,
           -unbaked

MMMMM----------------------STREUSEL TOPPING---------------------------
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/3 c  Flour
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Butter
 
  Prep: 20 mins  Cook: 50-55 mins In lg bowl beat egg, stir in sour
  cream, sugar, flour, vanilla, and salt to blend thoroughly. Fold in
  apples and lemon peel, pour into pie shell. Bake 450, 10 mins. Reduce
  heat to 350, bake 25-30 mins until crust is golden brown. Sprinkle
  Streusel Topping evenly over pie. Bake 15 mins longer. Remove to rack
  to cool slightly. Serve immediately or cover and refrigerate.
  STREUSEL TOPPING; In sm bowl mix sugar, flour, cinnamon. With pastry
  blender or 2 knives, cut in butter to make a crumble mixture.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE A LA APRICOT
 Categories: Pies, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour
      1 c  Milk
      3    Egg yolks
      1 tb Margarine
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      2 lb Tart cooking apples
      1 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Margarine
      2 tb Sugar
      1 ds Nutmeg
    3/4 c  Apricot preserves
      1    Egg yolk
      1 tb Water

MMMMM-----------------06/07 08:38 AM DON FIFIELD----------------------
 
  Prepare pastry and line one 9-inch pie plate. In small saucepan,
  combine sugar and flour, mixing well.  Stir in milk. Bring to boil
  while stiring.
   Reduce heat and simmer until slightly thickened.  In bowl, beat egg
  yolks slightly and add small amount hot mixture. Pour egg mixture
  into saucep[an. Add margarine and vanilla. Cool. Peel and slice
  apples, sprinkle with lemon juice.  In skillet, combine margarine,
  sugar and nutmeg and melt. Add apples; saute, stirring occasionally.
  Cook until almost tender, about 5 minutes.  Remove from heat.  Pour
  into pastry shell. Pour cooled filling over apples. In saucepan, melt
  preserves and yolk and water and brush on pastry.  Bake in 425 deg.
  oven 40 min. or until golden.
         FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 06/07 8:55 AM
  
  TO:      DON FIFIELD   (XKGR41A) FROM: DON FIFIELD (XKGR41A) SUBJECT:
  R-MM APPLES-PIES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE BARS
 Categories: Cookies, Bars, Holiday
      Yield: 16 Bars
 
           -JUDI M. PHELPS

MMMMM-----------------------CRUMB TOPPING----------------------------
    3/4 c  All-purpose flour; unsifted
    1/3 c  Sugar
      5 tb Butter

MMMMM----------------------------BARS---------------------------------
      2 c  Plus 3 T. all-purpose flour;
           -unsifted
    1/4 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Butter (1-1/2 sticks);
           -softened
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 lg Egg; lightly beaten
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 c  Cheddar cheese; grated
      1 ts Lemon rind; grated
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
      5 c  Assorted apples; peeled,
           -cored, and grated
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
 
  Heat oven to 425 degrees F.  Grease a 13 x 9-inch baking pan.
  
  Prepare Crumb Topping; set aside.  In small bowl, combine 2 cups
  flour and the salt; set aside.  In large bowl, with electric mixer on
  medium speed, beat butter and 1/4 cup sugar until combined. Add egg
  and beat until smooth.  Stir in vanilla.
  
  Gradually add flour mixture to butter mixture until soft dough forms.
  With fingers, press dough evenly into greased pan.
  
  In large bowl, combine cheese, remaining 1/4 cup sugar, remaining 3
  tablespoons flour, the lemon rind, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Fold in
  apples and lemon juice. Spoon apple mixture over dough in pan.
  Sprinkle Crumb Topping evenly over apple mixture.
  
  Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until golden.  Cool completely on wire
  rack--at least 40 minutes. Refrigerate until ready to serve, then cut
  into bars.
  
  CRUMB TOPPING:  In medium-size bowl, combine 3/4 cup unsifted
  all-purpose flour and 1/3 cup sugar.  With pastry blender or 2
  knives, cut in 5 tablespoons butter until mixture resembles coarse
  crumbs. Source: Redbook Magazine.
  
  Per Bar:  calories 286, protein 5 g, fat 15 g, carbohydrate 33 g;
  fiber 1 g, sodium 185 mg, cholesterol 55 mg.
  
  Shared and MM by Judi M. Phelps jphelps@slip.net or jphelps@best.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Apples
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 pk Cake mix;yellow
      3    Eggs
    1/2 ts Lemon extract
      1    Jar apple pie;filling
           Topping
    1/4 c  Butter;or marg.
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Flour
           Cinnamon(optional)
 
  Mix the Cake mix, eggs,lemon and Apple pie filling.Pour batter into a
  13x9 greased and floured baking dish. TOPPING Make topping with
  melted butter, or soft margerine, sugar and flour. Blend with a fork
  to make crumbs.Sprinkle the crumbs over top and sprinkle with
  cinnamon if desired. Bake 350 degrees for 45 minutes. Pat Empson
  05/21 07:08 am
         FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 05/21 7:34 AM
  
  TO:      PAT EMPSON   (PFXX29A) FROM: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) SUBJECT:
  MM-MORE APPLES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE CARAMEL ALMOND
 Categories: Pies, Apples, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------

MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
      1 c  Flour
      1 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
      1 tb Milk

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      5 md Tart apples; peeled, cored,
           - and sliced
      4 tb White -OR- brown sugar
      1 tb Cornstarch
      1 tb Lemon juice

MMMMM-------------------CARAMEL ALMOND TOPPING------------------------
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine; soft
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour
      2 tb Milk
      1 ts Cinnamon
      3 oz Almonds; sliced
           Sour cream
 
  In small bowl, stir together flour, sugar and salt. With fork, beat
  together salad oil and milk. Stir oil mix itno flour mix to make a
  soft dough. Press dough into 9" pie plate or 10" shallow au-gratin
  dish. Press edges to make sides about 1" high in gratin dish; make
  sides come to top of pie plate. Bake at 425 for 10-12 minutes or
  until golden. While crust bakes, prepare apples. Mix with sugar,
  cornstarch and lemon juice. Turn into baked pie shell. Melt butter in
  skillet. Add sugar, flour, cinnamon and almonds. Boil 1 minute,
  stirring. Pour over apples in pan to coat evenly. Bake at 425 for
  25-30 minutes or until caramel topping is golden and bubbly. Cool
  before serving. Excellant served with sour cream, or may serve with
  lightly sweetned whipped cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE DUBLIN STYLE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Pie
 
      1    9 inch pie shell
    1/2 c  Honey
      1 ts Grated lemon rind
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  (1 pound 4 oz. each) sliced
           Apples
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/3 c  Corn starch
      2 tb Butter
 
  Preheat oven 425 Combine undrained apples and all except butter. Mix
  lightly.  Spoon ingredients into pastry shell. Dot with butter. Bake
  at 425 for minutes. Serve warm or cold. This is an American version
  of "Apple Nianih Chinn Oir" - Irish for "Noomh of the Golden
  Tresses", a beautiful maiden in Irish mythology who took her man to
  the land of eternal youth. Try it, Try it! This recipe is not tested,
  it doesn't say if it is topped or not.
  
  Submitted by: Marina Cheesman source antique journal
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE FILLING
 Categories: Pies, Canning, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
MMMMM--------------------FOR 1 QUART FILLING-------------------------
  3 1/2 c  Sliced fresh apples
    3/4 c  Granulated sugar; plus...
      2 tb Granulated sugar
    1/4 c  Clear Jel(tm)
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Cold water
    3/4 c  Apple juice
      2 tb Bottled lemon juice
    1/8 ts Nutmeg (optional)
      1 dr Yellow food coloring
           -(optional)

MMMMM--------------------FOR 7 QUARTS FILLING-------------------------
      6 qt Sliced fresh apples
  5 1/2 c  Granulated sugar
  1 1/2 c  Clear Jel(tm)
      1 tb Cinnamon
  2 1/2 c  Cold water
      5 c  Apple juice
    3/4 c  Bottled lemon juice
      1 ts Nutmeg (optional)
      7 dr Yellow food coloring
           -(optional)
 
  Quality: Use firm, crisp apples. Stayman, Golden Delicious, Rome, and
  other varieties of similar quality are suitable. If apples lack
  tartness, use an additional 1/4 cup of lemon juice for each 6 quarts
  of slices.
  
  Yield: 1 quart or 7 quarts
  
  Procedure: Wash, peel, and core apples. Prepare slices 1/2-inch wide
  and place in water containing ascorbic acid to prevent browning. For
  more information see "Ensuring High-Quality Canned Foods".
  
  For fresh fruit, place 6 cups at a time in 1 gallon of boiling water.
  Boil each batch 1 minute after the water returns to a boil. Drain,
  but keep heated fruit in a covered bowl or pot. Combine sugar, Clear
  Jel(tm) , and cinnamon in a large kettle with water and apple juice.
  If desired, food coloring and nutmeg may be added. Stir and cook on
  medium high heat until mixture thickens and begins to bubble. Add
  lemon juice and boil 1 minute, stirring constantly. Fold in drained
  apple slices immediately and fill jars with mixture without delay,
  leaving 1 inch headspace. Adjust lids and process immediately
  according to the recommendations in Table 1. See Table 2 for
  suggested quantities.
  
  Table 1. Recommended process time for Apple Pie Filling in a
  boiling-water canner.
  
  Style of Pack: Hot.  Jar Size: Pints or Quarts. Process Time at
  Altitudes of 0 - 1,000 ft: 25 min.
                         1,001 - 3,000 ft: 30 min.
                         3,001 - 6,000 ft: 35 min.
                           Above 6,000 ft: 40 min.
  
  Table 2. Apple Pie Filling. (See ingredient list above)
  
  ======================================================= ===== * USDA
  Agriculture Information Bulletin No. 539 (rev. 1994) * Meal-Master
  format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE FILLING   (TO FREEZE OR CAN)
 Categories: Pies, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  4 1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
     10 c  Water
      1 c  Cornstarch
      1 ts Salt
     24 c  Apples; peeled,sliced
      2 ts Cinnamon
      3 ts Lemon juice
 
  Blend sugar, nutmeg, cornstarch, salt, cinnamon. Add water and cook
  till clear.  Add apples and lemon juice and cook till apples are
  soft. Pack in jars/containers.  To make pie, make crust and bake.
  Into prepared crust, put thawed filling and bake until warmed
  through. Crumb topping can be added before baking filling if you want
  (I use sugar, cinnamon, margarine and chopped pecans.) I found that
  the thickener (the flour, water, etc. mix that is cooked first) made
  a lot more than could be used up by 24 c of apples.  I think I got a
  total of 8-10 large containers (I use empty 32 oz yogurt containers).
  One of these containers was just enough for a 9 in pie. I also used
  (don't tell anybody) prepared pie shells just fine with this filling.
  I also used a large nonstick pot to cook this in and had very little
  problem with sticking at medium to medium high temperature.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE FILLING (FREEZER)
 Categories: Pies, Fruit
      Yield: 3 Pies
 
     18 lg Macintosh apples*
      6 tb Butter
      3 c  Sugar
  3 3/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/8 ts Ginger
    1/8 ts Nutmeg

MMMMM-------------------------FOR 1 PIE------------------------------
      1    Container apples
      2 tb Flour
      2 tb Butter
      1    Unbaked 9 inch pie shell
 
  *Peeled, sliced 1/2 inch thick
  
  Melt butter in heavy pot and add apples and all remaining ingredients.
  Partially cook fruit over very low heat for 15 minutes, stirring now
  and then with wooden spoon. Coool and dvide filling into 3 freezer
  containers. Freeze until needed. To make one pie: Remove filling from
  one container and defrost. Spoon pie filling into pie shell. Sprinkle
  with flour and dot with butter. Cover with remaining pie dough and
  crimp edges togehter. Slash top in several places to allow steam to
  escape, Bake in a 450 oven for 15 minutes. Lower heat and bake 30
  minutes longer or until crust is nicely browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE IN CHEDDAR CRUST
 Categories: Cheese, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 x  -------cheddar crust--------
      2 c  Unbleached flour; sifted
  1 1/4 c  Cheddar; md, shredded
    1/2 ts Salt
    2/3 c  Vegetable shortening
      1 x  Water; iced
      1 x  ----------filling-----------
      7 c  Apples; *
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Unbleached flour
    1/2 ts Cinnamon; ground
      2 ts Butter or regular margarine
      1 ea Egg yolk; lg, beaten
      1 ts Water
 
  *    Use tart cooking apples such as Macs or Granny Smith's. Core,
  pare +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++ ++++ CHEDDAR CRUST: Combine the flour, cheese and salt
  in a bowl. Using a pastry blender or two knives, cut in the
  shortening until coarse crumbs form. Sprinkle the iced water (5 or 6
  tbls will be needed) and using a fork, toss the crumbs until a dough
  is formed. Press the dough firmly into a ball. FILLING: Divide the
  pastry almost in half and roll out the larger half, on a lightly
  floured surface, to a 13-inch circle. Line a 9-inch pie plate with
  the pastry, trimming the edges to 1/2-inch beyond the rim of the pie
  plate.  (Note:  When lining the pie plate, be careful not to stretch
  the pastry when spreading it out. This will cause holes or the pastry
  will shrink and the filling will run over in the oven as it is baked.
  Place in the pie plate and gently, working from the center, spread
  the pastry out until it covers the bottom of the pie plate and then
  lay the rest of the pastry over the rim and trim.)  Combine the
  apples, sugar, flour, and cinnamon in a bowl, mixing well. Arrange
  the apple mixture in the pastry lined pie plate. Roll out the
  remaining pastry to an 11-inch circle. Gently fold into quarters and
  cut steam slits in the folds. Unfold the crust and place on top of
  the filling, trimming the crust to 1-inch beyond the rim of the pie
  plate.  Fold the top crust under the lower one and flute to form a
  ridge around the edge of the pie plate. Combine the egg yolk and
  water, then brush the mixture over the top crust and rim. Bake in a
  400 degree F. oven for 45 to 50 minutes or until apples are tender
  and the crust is a golden brown. Cool on a wire rack until slightly
  warm and serve with Vanilla Ice Cream, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE SPICE
 Categories: Spices
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Cinnamon
      2 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Allspice
      1 ts Ground ginger
 
  Makes 1/2 cup.  Stir into applesauce.  Stir into crumb topping for
  coffeecake.  Heat with apple cider.  Pour through coffee filter before
  drinking.  Simple Spice Cookies: sprinkle over sliced refrigerator
  sugar- cookie dough before baking.
  
  Buy spices in bulk from a natural foods store.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE W/CIDER CRUST
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Pie
 
MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      8 c  Apples, Peeled & Sliced
     12 oz Frozen Apple Juice
           -Concentrate
      1 ts Cinnamon

MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
  1 3/4 c  All-Purpose Flour
    1/4 c  Whole Wheat Flour
    1/4 c  Apple Juice Concentrate
    1/4 ts Salt
     12 tb Sweet Butter
 
  Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Combine the apple slices, apple
  juice and cinnamon in a large saucepan. Leave the saucepan uncovered.
  Simmer over low heat until most of the liquid is absorbed into the
  apples, stirring occasionally. The apples will be ready after about
  30 minutes. Cool slightly. Combine the white and whole wheat flours
  and salt in a bowl. Combine 1/3 of the mixture with enough of the
  apple juice to form a paste. Cut the butter into the remaining flour
  mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Stir in the paste. Form a
  soft dough but do not knead. Roll out half the dough and fit into the
  (9") Pie Plate. Fill with the cooked apples. Roll out the remaining
  dough and form a top crust. Place the top crust over the filling and
  press the edges together with a fork. Prick a few vents in the top
  crust. Bake for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 375
  degrees. Bake until golden brown (15-20 minutes). Serve warm, at room
  temperature or cold. Excellent with sharp cheddar or vanilla ice
  cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE WITH CIDER CRUST
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Pie
 
MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      8 c  Apples, Peeled & Sliced
     12 oz Frozen Apple Juice
           -Concentrate
      1 ts Cinnamon

MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
  1 3/4 c  All-Purpose Flour
    1/4 c  Whole Wheat Flour
    1/4 c  Apple Juice Concentrate
    1/4 ts Salt
     12 tb Sweet Butter
 
  Preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Combine the apple slices, apple
  juice and cinnamon in a large saucepan. Leave the saucepan uncovered.
  Simmer over low heat until most of the liquid is absorbed into the
  apples, stirring occasionally. The apples will be ready after about
  30 minutes. Cool slightly. Combine the white and whole wheat flours
  and salt in a bowl. Combine 1/3 of the mixture with enough of the
  apple juice to form a paste. Cut the butter into the remaining flour
  mixture until it resembles coarse meal. Stir in the paste. Form a
  soft dough but do not knead. Roll out half the dough and fit into the
  (9") Pie Plate. Fill with the cooked apples. Roll out the remaining
  dough and form a top crust. Place the top crust over the filling and
  press the edges together with a fork. Prick a few vents in the top
  crust. Bake for 10 minutes. Reduce the oven temperature to 375
  degrees. Bake until golden brown (15-20 minutes). Serve warm, at room
  temperature or cold. Excellent with sharp cheddar or vanilla ice
  cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIE WITH PORT WITH CHEDDAR CHEESE CRUST
 Categories: Pies, Fruits/nuts, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Cornstarch
    2/3 c  Apple juice
    2/3 c  Port
      2 tb Butter or margarine
      1    Lemon (Grated peel only)
      8 md Cooking apples; peeled
           - and sliced

MMMMM--------------------CHEDDAR CHEESE CRUST-------------------------
      2 c  Sifted flour
      1 ts Salt
    2/3 c  Shortening
    3/4 c  Shredded sharp cheddar
      5 tb Cold water (or more)
 
  Combine sugar and cornstarch in large saucepan. Stir in apple juice,
  port, butter and lemon peel. Cook over medium heat until mixture
  boils. Add apples and cook gently until barely tender.
  
  To make Cheddar Cheese crust, mix flour, salt and shortening with
  pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in cheese.
  Add water gradually and mix lightly with fork to form dough. Divide
  pastry in halves and roll out one half to fit 9-inch pie pan. Roll
  second half of pastry and cut into 10 (1/2-inch) strips. Spoon
  filling into pastry-lined pan. Weave pastry strips across filling to
  make lattice top. Bake at 375F 30 to 45 minutes, or until done. Serve
  warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIRUSHKES
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 14 Servings
 
      1 c  Water, boiling
      1 ts Salt
      1 tb Sugar
      2 tb Shortening, vegetable or fat
      1    Yeast, cake
      1 tb Water, lukewarm
      1    Egg, well beaten
      4 c  Flour, sifted, all-purpose
      7    Apples, medium, tart
    1/4 c  Raisins, seedless
    1/4 c  Nut meats, chopped
    1/2 c  Jelly, any desired
    1/2 c  Sugar
           Cinnamon
 
  Pour the boiling water over the salt, 1 tablespoon of sugar and
  shortening. When it is lukewarm, add the yeast which has been
  dissolved in the 2 tablespoons of lukewarm water. Add the egg and 1
  1/2 cups of the flour. Let this batter rise at 85F until double in
  bulk, then add the remaining flour. Knead until smooth. Let rise
  again for 1 hour. Divide the dough into 14 parts.  Roll out each part
  until 1/2" thick. Peel, core, and cut apples in half.  Place a half,
  cut side up, on each piece of dough. Combine the remaining
  ingredients and fill the cores with the mixture. Press the dough
  firmly together over the apples and invert on a dull, greased, cookie
  tin. Brush with melted shortening, and sprinkle with a little sugar
  and ground cinnamon.  Let rise for 1 hour. Bake at 350F for 40
  minutes, until a rich brown.  Serve hot.  Allow 1 or 2 for each
  portion.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIZZA
 Categories: Pizza, Breads, Apples
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
           CRUST:
  2 3/4 c  Flour
      1 pk Dry yeast
      3 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Water
    1/4 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Butter
      1    Egg
           APPLE TOPPING:
      2 tb Butter
      2 lg Cooking apples
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour
      1 ts Cinnamon
           CHEESE TOPPING:
      4 oz Cream cheese
      2 tb Sugar
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
           STREUSEL TOPPING:
    1/3 c  Flour
    1/3 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Soft butter
 
  Blend 1 1/2 cup flour, yeast, sugar and salt in a large mixing bowl.
  Heat water, milk and butter until very warm; add to flour mixture and
  beat three minutes.  By hand, stir in enough flour to make a soft
  dough. Cover and let rise 15 minutes.  Pat dough onto a large oiled
  pizza pan, forming a rim around the edge. Mix the cheese topping and
  spread it on, then apple topping over cheese(see directions below).
  Mix the streusel topping and sprinkle it over the top. Cover and let
  rise for 15 min. Bake at 375 d, 25-30 minutes. Serve warm or cold.
  APPLE TOPPING INSTRUCTIONS:
  
  Peel & slice apples.  Melt butter in skillet, add apples, sugar and
  flour, and cinnamon.  Simmer 15 minutes, then cool
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIZZA #1
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2    Pie crust sticks
      2 cn Apple pie filling
    1/2 c  Sugar, granulated
      2 ts Cinnamon, ground
      2 ts Vanilla
           Butter, unsalted; cut in
           -small pieces

MMMMM--------------------------FROSTING-------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Sugar, powdered
      3 tb Butter, unsalted
      3 ts Milk, whole
 
    Mix together filling, sugar, cinnamon and vanilla extract. Mix pie
  crust sticks according to directions and place the dough on a pizza
  pan. Put on apples, add pats of butter.
    Put on top crust, crimp edges and roll under. bake at 425 for 45
  minutes. Remove from oven and cool.
    Mix frosting ingredients and spread on top crust of cooled pie.
  
  <source unknown> posted by DonW1948@aol.com Submitted By
  DONW1948@AOL.COM On   12 JUN 1995 095338 +0100
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIZZA #2
 Categories: Desserts, Snacks
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Bread dough, loaf, frozen
      5 md Apples; pared, cored, sliced
           -thin
    2/3 c  Sugar, granulated
    1/2 c  Flour, all-purpose
      2 ts Cinnamon, ground
      4 tb Butter, unsalted
    1/2 c  Nuts; chopped
 
    Let frozen dough set at room temp. until thawed. Roll dough into a
  circle for a 12 inch pizza pan. Cover dough with the sliced apples.
  Combine remainder ingredients and sprinkle over the apples. Let rise.
  Bake for 10 to 15 minutes at 375 degrees.
  
  <source unknown> posted by DonW1948@aol.com Submitted By
  DONW1948@AOL.COM On   12 JUN 1995 095338 +0100
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIZZA DESSERT
 Categories: Desserts, Breads, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      8 oz Frozen bread dough; thawed
           -one-half frozen loaf
      8 oz Cream cheese; softened
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
      1 ts Vanilla
      4 c  Apples; peel & thinly sliced
    2/3 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Flour
      1 ts Cinnamon

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    1/3 c  Flour
    1/3 c  Brown sugar
      2 tb Margarine; softened
    1/2 c  Slivered almonds
 
  Place bread dough on greased 12 inch deep dish pizza pan. When thawed
  completely, pat dough on bottom and 1/2 inch up sides of pan. Let
  rest 15 minutes.
  
  Combine cream cheese, 1/4 cup sugar, egg and vanilla until smooth.
  Spread over bottom of crust.  Combine apples, 2/3 cup sugar, 1/4 cup
  flour and cinnamon. Arrange evenly over cream cheese mixture.
  
  In a small mixing bowl, combine 1/3 cup flour and brown sugar. Cut in
  margarine until mixture is crumbly. Add almonds. Sprinkle evenly over
  apples.
  
  Bake at 350F for about 40 minutes, or until golden brown.
  
  Serve warm or cold, with whipping cream, whipped topping or ice cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PIZZA II
 Categories: Desserts, Snacks
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 ea Loaf frozen bread dough
      5 ea Medium apples, pared, cored
           And sliced thin
    2/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Flour
      2 ts Cinnamon
      4 tb Butter
    1/2 c  Chopped nuts
 
  Let frozen dough set at room temp. until thawed. Roll dough into a
  circle for a 12 inch pizza pan. Cover dough with the sliced apples.
  Combine remainder ingredients and sprinkle over the apples. Let rise.
  Bake for 10 to 15 minutes at 375 degrees.
  
  From the Kitchen of: Gary & Margie Hartford, Eugene, OR (1:152/19)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PLATE CAKE(SCOTTISH)
 Categories: Cakes, Scottish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 oz SR flour
      4 oz Butter
      2 oz Caster sugar
      4    Cooking apples
      1    Egg, beaten
           Little milk
           Melted butter for glazing
           Ground cloves or cinnamon
           Caster sugar for dusting
 
  Set oven to 425F or Mark 7. Grease an 8 inch round flan tin. Rub the
  butter into the flour in a bowl and stir in the sugar. Peel and grate
  two of the apples and add to the flour with the beaten egg. Mix well
  together. If the dough is rather firm add a little milk to soften.
  Turn the dough on to a floured surface and knead lightly. Press
  evenly into the base of the tin. Peel, core and slice the remaining
  apples and arrange, neatly overlapping, on top of the dough. Brush
  with melted butter and sprinkle with a pinch of ground cloves or
  cinnamon and a little caster sugar. Bake for 25-30 minutes and serve
  warm.
  
  From the booklet Scottish Teatime Recipes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PORCUPINE
 Categories: Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 ea Tart apples
      1 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 c  Water
      1 x  Jelly, marmalade
      1 x  Or preserved fruit
      1 x  Sliced almonds
 
  Core and pare tart apples. For 6 apples, cook together for 5 minutes
  1 cup sugar, and 1 1/2 cups water.  Add apples, simmer until tender
  but not mushy. Baste often with syrup in pan. Drain, cool, fill with
  jelly, marmalade, or preserved fruit.  Stick with bits of sliced
  almonds. Serve with whipped cream as a dessert. From Apple Recipes by
  the Connecticut Apple Marketing Board and
                        the Connecticut department of Agriculture
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PORK CHOPS
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6    Pork chops
           Pork chop fat or oil
      2 ts Butter
           -salt and pepper to taste
      3    Apples-unpeeled with cores
      1 ts Sugar
           Cinnamon
 
  Cook the chops using melted fat trimmed from the meat and 1 tsp
  butter. (Note from Anne MacLellan; those concerned about their fat
  intake may chose to use corn oil or some other vegetable oil rather
  than the pork fat). Season to taste and set on hot platter. Keep warm.
   Slice the apples 1/2" thick and add to the pan with 1 tsp butter, the
  sugar and a few pinches of cinnamon or cloves. Cook over medium heat
  for about 10 minutes, turning once or twice until some of apples are
  browned. Arrange them around the chops and serve. Serves: 4-6
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PORK CHOPS (CANADIAN)
 Categories: Pork, Main dish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6    Pork chops
           Pork chop fat or oil
      2 ts Butter
           Salt and pepper to taste
      3    Apples-unpeeled with cores
      1 ts Sugar
           Cinnamon
 
  Cook the chops using melted fat trimmed from the meat and 1 tsp
  butter. Season to taste and set on hot platter. Keep warm.
  
  Slice the apples 1/2" thick and add to the pan with 1 tsp butter, the
  sugar and a few pinches of cinnamon or cloves. Cook over medium heat
  for about 10 minutes, turning once or twice until some of apples are
  browned. Arrange them around the chops and serve. Serves: 4-6
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PORK CURRY
 Categories: Pork, Spice mix
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Lean pork, cut into -- 1/2"
           Cubes
      1    Apple
      1 sm Onion -- chopped
      1    Clove garlic -- crushed
      1 ts Concentrated chicken broth
      1 tb Curry powder
    1/8 ts Cinnamon
      2 ts Ground ginger
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Orange juice
           Peeled and chopped
 
  In slowcooker, combine the above ingredients.  Cover and cook on low
  5 or 6 hours or until pork is tender. (I have had to let this cook as
  long as 11 hours before - still turns out great...) Turn pot on high.
  In a measuring cup, combine 2 Tbs. cornstarch and 2 Tbs. cold water.
  Stir into pork mixture.  Cover and cook until thick. Serve over rice
  and pass around peanuts, coconut, raisins, and chutney as condiments.
  
  Recipe By     : Chzgrits
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PORK ROAST/CP
 Categories: Crockpot, Vegetables, Pork
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Boneless pork
      1 tb Cooking oil
      1    Carrot; small chunks
      2    Celery; chopped
      3 tb Quick-cooking tapioca
    1/4 c  White wine
      1 ts Beef bouillon granules
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
      6 oz Frzn apple juice concentrate
           (thaw but do not dilute
 
    Trim any fat from pork. Cut in half, if necessary, to fit into
  crockpot.
   Pl carrots, and celery into bottom of Pammed crockpot. Sprinkle
  tapioca over t Add apple juice concentrate combined with other
  ingredients and add. Cover Cook on Low for 10-12 hours or on high for
  5 to
        6    hours.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE POT PIE
 Categories: Penndutch, Pies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6 ea Apple, baking
    1/4 lb Lard
      4 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 lb Butter
      1 x  Water
 
  Make a dough of the lard, flour and salt, adding enough water to
  moisten and hold together. Roll out like pie dough and cut into 2
  inch squares. Wash and peel apples and cut into eighths. Put
  alternate layers of apples and dough into kettle, sprinkling each
  layer of apples generously with sugar and adding a little cinnamon.
  Have top layer of dough, dot with butter and fill kettle half full of
  water, cover and cook over a low flame until apples are soft. Serve
  with milk or cream. Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book - Fine Old
  Recipes, Culinary Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE POTATO SALAD
 Categories: Fruits, Potatoes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Potatoes, new, small
      4    Celery stalks
      1    Apple, Delicious
    1/4 c  Dressing, No-Oil
    1/4 ts Dill (optional)
 
  Slice the potatoes into bitesize pieces and boil until tender, but not
  soft.  Peel the apple and slice into bitesize pieces (sprinkle with
  lemon juice until ready to use). Chop the celery finely. Cool the
  potatoes by draining and placing in pan of ice water. Combine all
  ingredients and mix with dressing and dill if desired. I used Medford
  Farms (tm) Creamy Dill No-Oil Dressing. Chill several hours. Quick
  and delicious.
  
  From the recipe file of Val Rowe MM 6/12/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PRESERVES
 Categories: Apples, Desserts, Preserves
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6 c  Peeled-cored-sliced apples
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1    Lemon; thinly sliced
      4 c  Sugar
      1 c  Water
      1 pk Pectin
      2 ts Ground nutmeg
 
  This is NOT jam.  I like to use these warmed as a side dish (like
  
  escalloped apples). This is from the Ball Blue Book.
  
  Mix apples, water, lemon juice in large pot. Simmer covered 10 min.
  Stir in pectin and bring to full rolling boil, stir frequently. Add
  lemon slices/sugar and bring to full rolling boil again and boil for
  1 min, stir frequently.  Remove from heat and add nutmeg. Pour into
  hot jars or cool and put into freezer containers. If canning, process
  10 min in boiling water bath. Yield 6 half pints.   IF FREEZING, MAKE
  SURE YOU COOL FIRST, IT WILL BE HOT ENOUGH TO MELT PLASTIC !!!! (I
  speak from experience !)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PUDDING
 Categories: Kosher, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      5    Med. size cooking apples
      4    Eggs, separated
    1/2 c  White raisins
           Juice of 1/2 lemon
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Matzo meal
 
  Peel, core and grate apples.  Sprinkle with lemon juice. Beat yolks
  until light.  Gradually beat in sugar, continuing to beat until
  thick. Stir in lemon juice, apples, matzo meal and raisins. Beat egg
  whites in separate bowl until stiff but not dry.  Fold whites into
  batter and pour into 2 1/2 qt. greased casserole. Bake at 350 F. for
  40 min. Serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PUDDING WITH SAUCE
 Categories: Apples, Desserts, Sauces, Nuts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
      1/4 c  butter
      3/4 c  sugar
        1    egg
        2 c  grated raw apples
        1 c  flour
        1 ts baking soda
      1/2 ts cinnamon
      1/4 c  nuts -- chopped
  :          SAUCE:
      1/4 c  margarine
      1/4 c  sugar
      1/4 c  evaporated milk -- or evap.
  :          skim milk
      1/4 c  brown sugar
  
  Cream together: butter and sugar. Add egg, apple, flour, baking soda,
  cinnamon and nuts. Put in greased 8x8" baking pan. Can use mold or
  Bundt pan. Bake at 350 F. for 30-35 minutes. Add 20 minutes for mold
  or Bundt pan. Pudding should be firm in the center. Serve with warm
  butter sauce. Sauce: Heat together margarine, white and brown sugar
  and evaprated milk. Pour over pudding to serve. MC formatting and
  posted by bobbi744@sojourn.com
  
  Recipe By     : Jan Dye's recipe/R. Banghart<bobbi744@sojourn.com>
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PUFF PANCAKE
 Categories: Main dish, Brunch, Breads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 tb Butter
      2 lg Apples, peeled, cored,
           -sliced thin
      3 tb Brown sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
      6    Eggs
  1 1/2 c  Milk
      1 c  Flour
      3 tb Sugar
      1 ts Extract, vanilla
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
 
  Melt butter in 9x13" baking pan in 375 degree oven. Arrange apples
  over butter; return to oven until apples are soft (about 10 minutes).
  
  Sprinkle apples with brown sugar, cinnamon. Combine remaining
  ingredients in blender; pour over apples. Bake for 30-40 minutes.
  Sprinkle with powered sugar.
  
  Yield:  8 servings.
  
  Per serving: 274 mg sodium, 213 mg cholesterol, 248 calories, 27 gm
  carbohydrate.  Diabetic exchanges:  1 protein, 1 1/2 breads, 1/2
  fruit, 1 fat;
  
  Bar-Bee-Q's comments: It's more of a "custard" than pancake, but it is
  good.
  
  Source: "A Taste of the Country"
  
  Food & Wine RT [*] Category 2, Topic 27 Message 75 Sat Apr 17, 1993
  A.BAILEY1 [Bar-Bee-Q]        at 10:29 EDT
  
  MM by QBTOMM and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  GT Cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE PUFFS
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Aunt Jemima (Orig) pancake m
    3/4 c  Skim milk
      2 tb Vegetable oil*
      1 ea Jar chunky apple sauce
      1 ea Large egg
      8 ea Large ripe strawberries
      1 x  Powdered sugar
      1 x  Cinnamon
 
  Mix the  pancake mix, milk, egg and oil in a 2 cup measure. OK to
  have a little rough mixture. Make the mixture a little thinner than
  regular batter but thicker than for a crepe.
    Heat an 8" shallow Teflon (sloped sided) pan with a drop of oil on
  medium heat. Pour in 1/4 of the batter (enough to make a thin
  pancake. Allow the dough to cook until the bubbles form on top but
  the pk is not cooked all the way through. The bottom should be a
  light golden brown. Scoop 3 Tbs of apple sauce on one half of the
  pancake. Quickly fold the other half over so it puffs up. Cook for
  about a minute or so (being careful not to burn). Turn over briefly
  to cook other side and warm the apples.
    Serve each on a large platter and top with cinnamon and sliced
  strawberries Finish with a little powdered sugar.
    I think what happened was that the applesauce mixed with the still
  uncooked pancake top and was cooked (combined) to make an unusual
  fluffy inside. * Use one Tb of oil to cut fat. ...George
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE QUINCE JELLY
 Categories: Condiments
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Apples
      2 lb Quinces
           Sugar
 
  Wash apples.  Remove stems, seeds, and blossom ends. Do not pare. Cut
  in quarters.  Cover with water.  Cook until very soft. Drain through
  jelly bag.  Wash quinces. Remove stems, seeds, and blossom ends. Do
  not pare. Cut in small pieces.  Cover with water. Cook slowly until
  very soft. Drain through jelly bag. Combine apple and quince juice in
  equal proportions. Use 2/3 cup sugar for each cup juice. Boil rapidly
  until jelly sheets from spoon. The Household Searchlight
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE RAISIN & ROSEMARY DRESSING
 Categories: Side dish
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      2 c  Fresh bread crumbs
      4 tb Butter
      3 tb Water
    2/3 c  Chopped celery
    1/2 c  Chopped onions
  1 1/2 c  Chopped, peeled apples
           -(about 2)
    1/4 c  Golden raisins
    1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Dried rosemary
      2 tb Dry Madeira or
      1 tb Brandy
           Salt and freshly ground
           -pepper to taste
 
  Preheat the oven to 225 F
  
  Spread the crumbs on a baking sheet and dry and toast them in the
  oven 5 to 10 minutes. Melt the butter in the water in a large
  skillet. Add the celery and onions, and sauté until the onions have
  absorbed the butter and are limp.  Don't brown them.  Add the apples,
  raisins, bread crumbs, baking powder, rosemary, and the Madeira or
  brandy. Season with salt/pepper to taste and toss well with a fork.
  If the stuffing seems overly dry, add an egg or a little chicken
  stock. Stuff a crown roast of pork or a turkey per your pork/turkey
  baking times/temps or place in a casserole dish and bake uncovered at
  325 F until browned, about 25 minutes. Submitted By RHOMMEL@GNN.COM
  (RICHARD HOMMEL)  On   TUE, 31 OCT 1995 113813
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE RAISIN CREAM PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Pastry for 2-crust pie

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      8 c  Tart apple slices, 1/8"
           Thick
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Raisins
           Dash of salt, if desired
      2 ts Grated lemon rind
      1 tb (rounded) butter
    3/4 c  Heavy cream
 
  Apple Raisin Cream Pie
  
  Make favorite pastry; line bottom of pie tin with one crust and set
  aside. Combine apple slices, sugar, flour, spices, raisins, salt and
  lemon peel; mix together well. Spoon filling into pastry-lined pan;
  dot with butter. Cover with top crust decorated with steam vents;
  seal edges. Cut a 1-in circle from dough in center of top crust. Bake
  at 400 ea 00 for 40-45 minutes. Remove pie from oven; slowly pour
  cream into center hole of top crust. Return to oven; bake 5-10
  minutes longer. Let stand 5 minutes before cutting. (Refrigerate any
  leftovers.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE RAISIN CREPES
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Low-cal
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Quaker Oat Bran hot cereal;
           -uncooked
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 c  Skim milk
      3    Egg whites; slightly beaten
      1 tb Margarine
      1 c  Ricotta cheese, part skim
      1 sm Apple; finely chopped
    2/3 c  Raisins
      1 tb Sugar, confectioners
    1/2 ts Vanilla
    2/3 c  Lite pancake syrup
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
 
  Combine oat bran and baking powder; add to combined milk, egg whites
  and margarine, mixing well. Heat a 6 to 7 inch crepe pan or skillet
  over medium heat; lightly coat with non-stick spray or lightly oil
  before making each crepe. Pour about 1/4 cup batter onto hot prepared
  pan; immediately tilt pan to coat bottom evenly. Cook 1 to 1 1/2
  minutes or until top looks dry. Turn; cook an additional minute.
  Stack between sheets of wax paper.
  
  Combine ricotta, apple, raisins, sugar and vanilla; mix well. Spoon
  about 2 tblsp. along less evenly browned side of each crepe. Fold or
  roll up sides to cover filling. Combine syrup and cinnamon; heat over
  medium heat about 2 minutes, stirring occasionally, or until heated
  through. Just before serving, pour 2 tblsp. over each crepe. Makes 5
  servings--10 crepes. (about 300 calories per 2 crepes)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE RAISIN SCONES
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
 
    1 1/2 c  all-purpose flour
      1/4 c  sugar
        1 T  baking powder
        1 t  cinnamon
      1/3 c  margarine
        1 c  bran
      2/3 c  dried apples
      1/2 c  raisins
      1/3 c  water
        2    egg white
  
  Heat oven to 400 degrees. Lightly spray cookie sheet with non-stick
  spray
  
  or oil lightly. Combine flour, sugar, baking powder, and cinnamon;
  cut in margarine until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in oat
  bran, apples and raisins. Add combined water and egg whites, mixing
  just until moistened. Shape dough to form a ball. Turn out onto a
  lightly floured surface. Knead gently 6 times. Pat a 9-inch circle
  onto prepared cookie sheet. Score dough into 8 wedges; do not
  separate. Bake 18 to 20 minutes or until lightly golden brown, Break
  apart; serve warm with jelly, jam, or
  
  fruit preserves. Makes 8 scones. (about 280 calories each)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE RAISIN WALNUT CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Margarine
      1 c  White flour
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Baking soda, in 2/3 c water
    1/3 c  Raisins
      2    Egg whites, whipped
    2/3 c  Sugar
      1 c  Whole-wheat flour
    1/2 ts Ground cloves
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Finely chopped apple
    1/3 c  Chopped walnuts
 
  Cream the margarine and sugar.  Add dry ingredients and water
  alternately, then apple.  Dust the raisins and nuts with a small
  amount of flour and add them to the batter. Fold in the egg whites.
  Bake in a 8 in. square nonstick pan at 350F for 30 to 40 min. or
  until firm. Cal: 295; Fat 2 1/5g.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE RASPBERRY PIE
 Categories: Desserts, Pies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 x  Crust
      2 c  All purpose flour
      7 oz Lard
      1 tb Pple cider vinegar
    1/2 ts Salt
      6 tb Cold water
    1/2 c  + 1 tablespoon sugar
      2 tb Flour
      1 ts Cinnamon
 
  ÿÿÿÿÿ ** FILLING                             1 pt raspberries 8 LG
  Granny Smith apples             1
      1/2 T  Lemon Juice ÿÿÿÿÿ pt NUTMEG
                       ÿÿÿÿÿÿÿ pt CLOVES Freeze the flour in a medium
  bowl for one (1) hour.  Refrigerate the lard f one (1) hour then cut
  into cubes. In small cup combine vinegar, salt and water. Measure 1
  cup flour on to table, place lard cubes on top then cover with the
  remaining flour. Roll rolling pin over the mixture until all of t
  pieces have been flattened and slightly incorporated.  Scrap into a
  bowl an mix with liquid. Turn dough out onto a lightly floured
  surface. With a lightly floured rolling pin, roll out a rectangle
  about 8 X 12 inches. Fol to the center and roll out slightly to form
  an 8 inch square.  Roll and fol once more. Wrap in parchment or waxed
  paper and refrigerate until needed. Peel and cut and core apples into
  eighths. Then dice crosswise into 1 1/2 chunks. Toss apples with
  lemon juice.  Blend together 1/2 cup sugar with f and spices. Add
  apples and toss until evenly coated. Add raspberries last toss
  lightly. Cut 1/3 dough and reserve.  Roll remaining dough into a
  round 5 inches larg than dish.  Place and fit into dish and trim
  overhang to one (1) inch. Spo in apples and dome evenly.  Roll out
  remaining shell, crimp. Sprinkle remaining sugar onto crust.  Cut 5
  slits in center of dough. Bake 425 degr for 10 minutes, lower
  temperature to 400 degrees for 40 minutes, turning to brown evenly,
  Let cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE RED CHILE CHUTNEY
 Categories: Indian, Condiments, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      4    Granny Smith apples, peeled,
           -cored and coarsely chopped
      4    Fresh red chilies (or
           -hydrated dried chilies),
           -diced
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/3 c  Cider vinegar
      8    Cloves garlic, minced
      1 c  Water
      1 tb Chopped fresh marjoram
    1/2 c  Toasted pine nuts (optional)
 
  To prepare the chutney, place apples and chilies in a heavy saucepan
  with sugar, vinegar, garlic and water. Bring to boiling over medium
  heat, lower the heat, partially cover the pan and simmer, stirring
  occasionally, for 30 minutes.
  
  Stir in marjoram and add pine nuts.  Allow to cool, then refrigerate.
  Use within a few days.
  
  Makes about two cups.
  
  The San Mateo Times.  6/26/90
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg July 27 1990.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE RICE PUDDING
 Categories: Low-cal, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Cooked rice
      1 c  Skim milk
      1 tb Liquid Sugartwin (1/4 c sug)
    1/4 c  Raisins
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      1    Apple, shredded peel on
    1/4 ts Ascorbic acid col. keeper
 
  1 tbsp Sugartwin has the sweetness of 4 tbsp or 1/4 cup sugar.
  American Diabetes Assoc. guidelines allow 1 tsp sugar per serving or
  2 tbsp for a 6 serving recipe which would taste OK to people
  accustomed to low sugar recipes.
  
  Combine rice, milk, sweetener (or sugar) raisins, vanilla and spices.
  Bring to a boil, reduce heat and stir occasionally until the mixture
  is creamy.
  
  Core and shred apple and sprinkle with ascorbic acid color keeper, or
  with a little lemon juice.  Stir apple into rice mixture. Cook a few
  minutes longer until apple is soft. Serve warm or cold.
  
  1/6 recipe made with artificial sweetner - 1 starch choice, 1 milk
  
  Optional:  Cook 2/3 cup rice in 1 2/3 cups water. Make pudding as
  above without apple and add 2 tbsp coconut.
  
  Adapted from Light & Easy Choices by Kay Spicer, published in Canada.
  Shared by Elizabeth Rodier Jan 94.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE RICOTTA PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Grape-Nuts cereal
      2 lg Apples (Rome, Beauty),
           -peeled, cored, and
           -sliced thin
      1 ts Lemon rind, grated
      1 ts Lemon juice
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
  1 1/2 c  Ricotta
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1    Egg white, and
      1    Egg, whole, lightly beaten
      1 c  Yogurt, plain
 
  Sprinkle the cereal on the bottom of a greased 8" springform cake pan.
  Arrange the apple slices over the cereal and sprinkle them with the
  lemon rind, lemon juice and cinnamon. Combine the ricotta, sugar, egg
  white and whole egg and yogurt in a medium bowl, mixing with a spoon
  until smooth. Pour evenly over the apples. Bake in a preheated 350
  degrees oven for 45 minutes. When cool, go around the circumference
  of the pan with a knife before removing the side.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE RINGS
 Categories: Cyberealm, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 md Apples
    1/3 c  Vinegar
      1 c  Sugar
      6    Cloves, whole
      1    Cinnamon stick
 
  1.Cook vinegar, sugar and spices for 5 minutes. 2.Wipe apples with a
  damp cloth, but dont peel. Core and cut the apples
    crosswise into 1/2 inch rings, most apples will cut in four rings.
  3.Cook four rings at a time slowly, in the sugar syrup untill they are
    transparent. Remove carefully, store all in dish and when done pour
    the rest of the syrup over the rings. They keep well for several
  days. From Womens Day Magazine typed by Brigitte sealing
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE ROAST HADROSAUR
 Categories: Critters, Crockpot, Dinos, Extinct, Weird
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 lb Hadrosaur meat (Maiasaurus)*
      1 tb Cooking oil
      1    Carrot; small chunks
      2    Celery; chopped
      3 tb Quick-cooking tapioca
    1/4 c  White wine
      1 ts Beef bouillon granules
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
      6 oz Frzn apple juice
           -concentrate; thawed,
           -undiluted
 
  If Maiasaurus meat is not available, lean pork will do.
  
  Trim any fat from hadrosaur meat. Cut in half, if necessary, to fit
  into crockpot. Put carrots and celery into bottom of crockpot.
  Sprinkle in tapioca and add apple juice concentrate combined with
  other ingredients. Cover, cook on Low for 10-12 hours or on high for
  5 to 6 hours. Contributor:  Roy Olsen (roy@indy.net)
  (http;//www.indy.net/~roy/)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE ROLL
 Categories: Desserts, Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  Flour
      6 ts Baking powder
      6 tb Shortening (lard)
           Milk, enough to form biscuit
           -batter,
           Roll thin, cover with sliced
           -tart
           Apples, roll lke jelly roll
           -and slice
           Into a tin (good sized
           -baking dish) put:
      2 c  Maple syrup
      2 c  Hot water
      1 tb Butter
 
  Make rich baking powder biscuits using:
  
  Bring this to a boil in hot (400) oven.  Put slices in this. Bake
  until brown and serve in cereal dishes with its own sauce poured over
  it. M.T. Perrin
  
  From: Vermont Cook Book Shared By: Pat Stockett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE ROLLS
 Categories: Breads, Misc
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
      4 ts Baking powder
    3/4 c  Milk
      4 c  Pared, sliced apples
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Shortening
      2 tb Melted butter or butter
           -substitute
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 c  Brown sugar
 
  Sift flour, measure, and sift with baking powder and salt. Cut in
  shortening with 2 spatulas.  Add milk, Mix quickly and lightly. Turn
  onto lightly floured board. Roll in oblong sheet 1/4 inch thick.
  Brush with melted butter.  Cover with apples. Sprinkle with 1 cup
  sugar and the cinnamon which have been mixed. Roll like a jelly roll.
  Cut in slices 1 1/2 inches thick. Sprinkle 1/4 cup brown sugar over
  bottom of well-oiled pan. Place rolls, cut down, in pan.  Bake in hot
  oven (425ø F) about 40 minutes. 8 servings. Anna D. Larsen, Alpha, MN.
  
  Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.20
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE ROLY-POLY
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 c  Sugar
      4 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Shortening
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine
    2/3 c  Sour cream
           -FILLING:
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine,
           -softened
      1 c  Packed brown sugar
      2 ts Ground cinnamon
      6 md Granny Smith apples,
           -peeled, cored and coarsely
           -shredded
           -(about 5 cups)
           -TOPPING:
  2 1/2 c  Water
      2 tb Brown sugar
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 c  Light cream
 
  In a mixing bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut in
  shortening and butter until crumbly. Add sour cream and blend until a
  ball forms. Roll out on a floured surface into a 15-in. x 10-in.
  rectangle. Spread with softened butter; sprinkle with remaining
  filling ingredients. Roll up, jelly-roll style, starting with the
  long side. Cut into 12 slices. Place slices, cut side down, in a
  13-in. x 9-in. x 2-in. baking pan. For topping, combine water, brown
  sugar and cinnamon in a saucepan. Bring to a boil; remove from the
  heat. Stir in the cream. Carefully pour hot topping over dumplings.
  Bake, uncovered, at 350! for 35 minutes or until bubbly. (Center will
  jiggle when dumplings are hot out of the oven but will set as
  dumplings stand for a few minutes.) Serve warm. Yield:
       12    servings.
  
  From the files of Al Rice, North Pole Alaska.    Feb 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SAGE DRESSING
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 ts Oil
    1/2 c  Onions, chopped
      3 sl Bread
    1/2 lb Apples, Granny Smith
      2 tb Parsley, fresh
      2 tb Currants
    3/4 ts Sage
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Thyme
    1/8 ts Black pepper
    1/3 c  Apple juice
 
  Preheat oven to 350.  Heat oil in small skillet over medium high
  heat. Add onion and saute 7 minutes, until tender. Toast and cube
  bread. Cube unpeeled apples. Chop fresh parsley. Toss remaining
  ingredients in large bowl; add onions and stir.  Spoon into 1-1/2 qt
  casserole coated with cooking spray.
  
  Bake for 15 minutes.  Stir gently and bake another 10 minutes or
  until top is crisp.
  
  From _Cooking Light_, September/October 1991. MM by Sylvia Steiger,
  GEnie THE.STEIGERS, GT Cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SALAD
 Categories: Diabetic, Lo-cal, Salads, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------JONI CLOUD SSMW41A--------------------------
      2 lg Apples;diced and pared
    1/2 c  Celery;diced
    1/4 c  Raisins
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Mayo;reduced calorie
      8    Lettuce leaves
 
  Combine all ingredients except lettuce; mix well Refrigerate until
  ready to serve. Serve on Lettuce Leaves, optional of course.
  
  Each serving 1/4 cup  Yeild 8 servings Each serving may be exchaned
  for : 1 fruit. From Joni's Diabetic Kitchen in South Jersey,Enjoy.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SALAD & TOFU-HONEY CINNAMON DRESSING
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2    Granny Smith apples; sliced
      2    Gala apples; sliced
    1/4 c  Fresh lemon juice
      1 c  Water
      3    Celery stalks
           - sliced diagonally
      1 cn Pineapple tidbits; drained
           -(8 ounce can)
    1/3 c  Walnuts, coarsely chopped
           Mint sprigs

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
      1 c  Plain low-fat yogurt
    1/2 c  Soft silken tofu
      1 tb Honey
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
 
  Place sliced apples in mixture of lemon juice and water. Add more
  water if needed to cover apples. At serving time, drain liquid from
  apples. Combine apples, celery, pineapple and nuts. For the dressing:
  Combine yogurt, tofu, honey and cinnamon in a food processor and
  blend until smooth. Chill. Combine apple mixture with dressing and
  toss gently. Serve on a bed of fresh greens. Garnish with mint
  sprigs. Serves 8.
  
  (Per Serving): 114 calories/4 grams protein/14 grams carbohydrates/3
  grams total fat/.6 grams saturated fat/2 mg cholesterol/44 mg sodium
  
  Created by Connie Cahill Copyright 1996 Indiana Soybean Development
  Council Meal-Master format by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SALSA
 Categories: Sauces, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 md Red apples; macs or cortland
      2 tb Lime juice
    1/2 c  Chopped orange segments
    1/2 c  Onion; finely chopped
    1/2 c  Green pepper; finely chopped
      1    Jalapeno pepper; fine chop
      1    Clove garlic; minced
      2 tb Cilantro; chopped
      1 tb Cider vinegar
    1/2 ts Ground cumin
      1 ts Vegetable oil
 
  Core and dice apples in 1/4 inch pieces.  Toss immediately with lime
  juice. Stir in remaining ingredients. Chill 2 hours before serving.
  Good with pork, chicken, turkey and fish.  Makes 3 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SANDWICH COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 c  Shortening
    1/2 c  Brown Sugar
    1/2 c  Roger's Golden syrup
      2    Eggs beaten
      3 c  All purpose flour
    1/2 ts Salt
  2 1/4 ts Baking powder

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      3 md Apples
      1 c  Roger's golden syrup
      1    Lemon juice and grated rind

MMMMM--------------------DATE OR FIG FILLING-------------------------
    1/3 c  Roger's Golden syrup
    1/2 lb Chopped dates or figs
    1/3 c  Boiling water
      1 tb Lemon juice
 
  Cream shortening, add sugar and syrup gradually.  Beat until light and
  fluffy.  Add well beaten eggs and blend thoroughly. Fold in flour
  with salt and baking powder. Chill dough well. Roll thin on slightly
  floured board and cut in 3 inch rounds.  Bake on lightly greased
  baking sheet 10 to 12 minutes at 350 or until nicely browned. While
  still warm put together in pairs with filling. Filling: Combine
  ingredients and bring to a boil and simmer gently for 10 minutes.
  Cool and spread between cookies. Date or fig filling may also be used
  if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SAUCE (COOK'S CHOICE)
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        3 TB butter
        6    Macintosh apples, cored, --
  :          peeled and chopped
      1/4 c  sugar
        1 ts cinnamon
      1/2 ts nutmeg
        4 TB water
  
  Combine all ingredients in a saucepan and cook over medium heat until
  apples become very tender, about 30 minutes. Applesauce may be left
  lumpy or pureed with a handblender to become smoother.
  
  Yield: 4 servings
  
  Recipe By     :COOK'S CHOICE SEAN & CATHY SHOW #CH1218
  
                                        Date: Sun, 20 Oct 1996 18:10:08
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SAUCE CAKE :::GWHP32A
 Categories: Cakes, Katesmith
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 3/4 c  Cake Flour; sifted
      1 ts Baking Powder
    1/4 ts Soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Cloves
    1/2 c  Butter; or shortening
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ea Egg; well beaten
      1 c  Raisins; fine cut
      1 c  Nut meats; chopped
    3/4 c  Apple sauce; strained/hot
 
  Sift flour once, measure, add baking powder, soda, salt, and spices,
  and sift together three times. Cream butter thoroughly, add sugar
  gradually, and cream together until light and fluffy. Add egg,
  raisins, and nuts and beat well. Add flour mixture, alternately with
  apple sauce, a small amount at a time, beating after each addition
  until smooth. Bake in greased loaf pan, 9-1/2x5-1/2x3 inches, in
  moderate oven (350 degrees F.) 1 hour, or until done. Kate Smith
  Collection 1940 Published by General Foods Corp
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SAUCE FRUIT CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  2 1/3 c  Thick well-drained apple
           -sauce
      1 c  Shortening
      4    Eggs, well beaten
      1 c  Whole wheat flour
      4 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Nuts, broken
      3 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Mace
      1 ts Allspice
      1 ts Cloves
      2 ts Nutmeg
    2/3 c  Molasses
      2 c  Brown sugar
      6 tb Lemon juice
      4 c  White flour
  1 3/4 ts Salt
      2 lb Seeded raisins
    1/4 lb Citron, thinly sliced
 
  Cream sugar and shortening.  Add apple sauce, which has been sieved to
  remove all lumps, molasses, eggs, and lemon juice. Sift white flour,
  measure, and sift with baking soda, salt, and spices. Dredge raisins
  in whole wheat flour.  Add white flour mixture to batter gradually.
  Beat thoroughly.  Add dredged raisins. Put a layer of the batter into
  a paper-lined baking pan. Add a layer of citron and nuts, cover with
  a layer of the batter. Repeat, having the top layer of the batter.
  Bake in a slow oven (300 to 325 F) about 2 hours. Mrs. S.F. Caruso,
  Laurel, MT.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SAUCE WHEAT GERM CAKE
 Categories: Diabetic, Cakes, Low-fat/cal
      Yield: 16 Bars
 
      2 c  Flour;
    2/3 c  Sugar;
    1/2 c  Wheat germ;
      2 ts Baking powder;
    1/2 ts Baking soda;
      1 ts Salt;
      1 ts Cinnamon;
    1/4 ts Cloves;
    1/4 ts Nutmeg;
      1 c  Unsweetened apple sauce;
    1/2 c  Raisins;
      1 tb Grated orange rind;
    1/2 c  Unsweetened orange juice;
      1    Egg;
      1 tb Vegetable oil;
 
  If wheat germ is not available, use bran or whole wheat flour.
  
  Sift dry ingredients together in a large mixing bowl. Stir in apple
  sauce, raisins and orange rind.  Combine orange juice, egg and
  vegetable oil, add to batter, stirring just until moistened. Spoon
  into lightly oiled 8 inch square cake pan.
  
  Bake 50 minutes at 350F or until cake tests done.  16 pieces 2"x2"
  
  1 serving contains 136 Calories 1 starchy foods choice
        1    fruits & veg. choice
  
  1 tbsp whipped cream contains 45 cal and is equal to 1 Fats & Oils
  choice. Source:  Enjoy B.C. Fruit The Diabetic Way (BC is British
  Columbia, Canada)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SAUSAGE BREAKFAST RING
 Categories: Breakfast, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Lean unflavored bulk sausage
      2    Lg, eggs
  1 1/2 c  Crushed butter crackers
           -(Ritz or HiHo)
      1    Grated apple, peeled
    1/2 c  Minced onion
    1/4 c  Milk
 
  Combine all ingredients, mix well and press into a ring mold lined
  with wax paper or plastic wrap. Chill overnight.
  
  Unmold, removing paper. place onto baking sheet with raised edges.
  Bake at 300 degrees for 1 hour.
  
  Suggestion: Fill center ring with scrambled eggs before serving.
  
  A breakfast favorite for holidays.
  
  Food & Wine RT [*] Category 2, Topic 10 Message 11 Wed Dec 23, 1992
  S.LECK [LittleBear]          at 11:01 EST
  
  MM by QBTOMM and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  GT Cookbook echo moderator, net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SAUSAGE PANCAKES WITH CIDER SYRUP **
 Categories: Breakfast, Meats, Apples
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------
      1    Egg
      1 c  Pancake mix
    2/3 c  Milk
      2 tb Oil
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Fresh apple; shredded
    1/2 lb Bulk pork sausage; browned
           - and drained

MMMMM------------------------CIDER SYRUP-----------------------------
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 tb Cornstarch
    1/8 ts Pumpkin pie spice
      1 c  Apple cider
      1 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Margarine or butter
 
  Heat griddle to 375~. In small bowl, beat egg on high speed until
  thick and lemon colored, about 5 minutes. Lightly spoon pancake mix
  into measuring cup; level off. Stir in pancake mix, milk, oil and
  cinnamon. Fold in apples and sausage. Grease griddle lightly before
  making each pancake. Pour batter from 1/4 cup measuring cup onto hot
  griddle. Bake until bubbles appear, about 2 minutes on each side.
  Serve with hot Cider Syrup.
   CIDER SYRUP: In medium saucepan, combine sugar, cornstarch and
  pumpkin pie spice; stir in apple cider and lemon juice. Cook,
  stirring constantly, until mixture thickens and boils for 1 minute.
  Remove from heat and stir in margarine.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SCONES
 Categories: Breads, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
      3 ts Baking Powder
      2 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
      6 tb Shortening
    1/2 c  Apples, peeled, chopped fine
    1/2 c  Raisins
      4 tb Cold Apple juice or water
 
  Preheat oven to 400 deg F.
   Mix together dry ingredients. Cut in shortening as you would for a
  pie crust. Stir in apples and raisins. Add enough juice to make a
  stiff dough. On floured surface, roll dough about 1/2" thick. Cut
  into triangles and bake on cookie sheet for 10 minutes, or until
  light brown.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SHAKE
 Categories: Beverages, Fruits
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 c  Vanilla ice cream
      2 c  COLD apple cider
      2 ea Ripe bananas
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
 
   Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour
  into glasses and enjoy!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SHOOFLY PIE
 Categories: Pies, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------------CRUMB MIXTURE----------------------------
    1/4 c  Unsalted butter; cut up
      1 c  Flour
    1/3 c  Brown sugar; packed
      1 ts Cinnamon, ground
    1/4 ts Ginger, ground
    1/4 ts Cloves, ground
    1/4 ts Salt

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
    1/3 c  Molasses
    1/3 c  Water; boiling
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      2 lg Red Delicious apples; peeled
           -cored/coarsely chopped
      1    9" deepdish pie shell unbake
 
  1. To prepare crumb mixture: Process butter, flour, brown sugar,
  cinnamon, ginger, cloves, and salt in a food processor until mixture
  resembles coarse meal.
  
  2. To make filling: Dissolve molasses in boiling water in a large
  bowl. Stir in baking soda. Add about 2/3 of the crumb mixture and all
  of the chopped apples, and mix until crumbs are moistened. Spoon into
  pie shell. Sprinkle remaining crumb mixture on top.
  
  3. Bake in a preheated 375-degree oven until filling is set, about 40
  minutes.
  
  Source: Chicago Sun Times, November 6, 1996
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SLAW
 Categories: Salads, Fruits
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      2 x  Apples, thinly sliced
      2 tb Lemon Juice
      3 c  Shredded Cabbage
      1 x  Stalk Celery, chopped
      1 x  Carrot, grated
      1 x  Med Onion, thinly sliced
    1/2 c  Sour Cream
    1/4 c  Mayonnaise
    3/4 ts Celery Salt
 
   Sprinkle sliced apples with lemon juice. Mix with cabbage, celery,
  carrot, and onion.
   Combine sour cream, mayonnaise and celery salt. Toss with apple
  mixture and serve.
   Lemon juice keeps apples from discoloring.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SLICE CAKE
 Categories: Digest, Oct., Desserts, Ovo
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/8 c  Frozen apple juice
           Concentrate
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1    Egg white
      1 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Ginger
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Cream apple juice concentrate, sugar and egg. Add dry ingredients,
  mix, and put into a 9" round non-stick baking dish. (If the mixture
  is not smooth like cake batter, add up to 1/8 cup water.)
  
  Bake 15-20 minutes at 350.
  
  When baked and almost cool, slice in half and fill with softened apple
  chunks (microwave apple pieces until there is some sauce and then
  use).
  
  Mix 1/2 cup icing sugar with enough milk to make icing. Add 3 drops
  of red food colouring. Ice the cake.
  
  Recipe can be doubled.
  
  Posted by Posted by Posted by Posted by skill@qucis.queensu.ca (David
  Skillicorn) to the Fatfree Digest [Volume 11 Issue 25], Oct. 25, 1994.
  FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used
  with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SMOOTHIE
 Categories: Beverages, Fruits
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 c  Apple sauce
      1 c  Apple cider
      1 c  Orange juice
      2 tb Vermont maple syrup
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
 
  Combine all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth. Pour into
  glasses and serve. From In Season, a publication of the Vermont
  Department of Agriculture, Food and Markets
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SNACK CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Snacks
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------FROM LOIS FLACK---------------------------

MMMMM----------------CYBEREALM BBS (315)786-1120---------------------
           *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *  *
  1 1/4 c  Boiling water
      1 c  Oatmeal (quick or old-
           -fashioned, uncooked)
  1 3/4 c  All-purpose Flour
    3/4 c  Granulated SUgar
    3/4 c  Firmly packed Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Wheat Germ (any flavor)
      2 ts Baking Soda
      1 ts Ground Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Salt (optional)
      2 c  Apples, peeled & chopped
    1/3 c  Vegetable Oil
      1    Egg
      2    Egg Whites
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  * Wheat germ adds a nutty flavor to this moist and delicious snack
  cake and oats add a special hearty texture.
  
  1.  Heat oven to 350øF.  Spray 13 x 9-inch pan with no-stick cooking
  spray or grease lightly.
  
  2.  In a large bowl, combine water and oats; set aside. In medium
  bowl, combine flour, sugars, wheat germ, baking soda, cinnamon,
  nutmeg, and salt; mix well.
  
  3.  Add apples, oil, egg, egg whites and vanilla to oat mixture, mix
  well.
  
  4.  Add dry ingredients, mixing just until moistened.
  
  5.  Pour into prepared pan.  Bake 40 to 45 minutes or until wooden
  pick inserted in center cp,es pit clean.
  
  6.  Cool completely on wire rack.
  
  Serves 20.
  
  NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION: 1/20 of recipe
  
  Calories     170    Calories From Fat 45       Protein
       3g Total Fat 5g   Cholesterol       10mg
     Dietary FIber 1g Carbohydrates 30g Sodium 140mg Source:
  Foodshopper's Digest, Winter 1994
  
  Typed for you by Lois Flack, CYBEREALM BBS, Watertown, NY.
  315-785-8098
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SNAPS
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 pk Sugar-free gelatin; any
           -flavor (4 serving size box)
    3/4 c  -water; boiling
  1 3/4 c  Applesauce; unsweetened but
           -well chilled
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
           Mint
           Apple;sliced thin
           Cinnamon sticks
 
  Prepare gelatin as usual using the applesauce instead of cold water.
  Chill. Garnish with a mint sprig, thin slices of apple and a small
  cinnamon stick.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SNOWBALLS
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------FROM BRIGITTE SEALING------------------------
      6    Red delicious apples
    3/4 c  Soft butter
  1 1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 ts Orange rind, fresh grated
      1 tb Cinnamon
      1 ts Allspice
           Pastry for two crust pie
      1    Egg
      1 tb Water
 
  Core and pare apples. In a medium bowl, cream butter with sugar,
  orange rind, and spices. Spoon into core of apples. Roll out pastry,
  cut into 6 inch squares, and wrap around apples. Beat together egg
  and water. Place apples on a baking sheet and brush with egg/water
  mixture. Bake at 425F for 15 minutes, then reduce heat to 350F and
  bake 40 minutes longer, or until apples are done and pastry is brown.
  
  Source: Womens Circle Magazine Typed in MM format by Linda Fields,
  Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SOMETHING
 Categories: Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -DIANE HOFFMAN   (PXFB75B)
      1 c  Prepared inst van pudding
    1/4 c  Applesauce
    1/4 c  Water
      1    Egg, beaten
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Sugar
      4 c  Flour
      1 tb Dry yeast
 
  Process on "dough" cycle. The filling would be 1/2 cup melted
  margarine or butter (I use 1/4 cup) topped with 1 cup brown sugar
  mixed with 3 TBS cinnamon. (I add raisins and nuts.) The topping is 4
  oz. cream cheese, 1/4 cup butter or margarine (I skip this) 1/2 tsp.
  vanilla, 1-1/2 cups powdered sugar and a teaspoon or two of milk.
  I've done these both "full fat" and "reduced fat." It's hard to tell
  the difference, so we go "reduced," including using light
  (Neufchatel) cream cheese. I've tried ALL the fat free cream cheeses
  and NONE of them work. JUDITH PENZINER (GGMB18A)JUDITH PENZINER
  (GGMB18A) Happy baking!
                       Judy
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SORBET
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      5 ea Granny Smith apples, cored &
           -- quartered
  1 1/4 c  Unsweetened apple juice
    1/2 c  Water
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/8 ts Cinnamon
           Juice of 1 lemon
 
  Combine apples with 1/4 c apple juice in a non-corrosive pot. Bring
  to a boil & simmer 5 minutes. Remove from the heat & let cool. Puree
  the apples in a food processor or blender.
  
  Combine the pureed apples, syrup, rest of juice, cinnamon & lemon
  juice. Freeze following the instructions for making Lemon Sorbet.
  
  VARIATION:  Calvados Currant Sorbet. Soak 1/4 c dried currants in 1/4
  c calvados or applejack for 4 hours or overnight. Drain & add to the
  sorbet mixture before freezing.
  
  Jim Tarantino, "Sorbets!"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SORBET #2
 Categories: Desserts, Freezer, Apples
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Water
      3 lg Granny Smith Apples; peeled
           - cored and pureed
    1/4 c  Fresh Lemon Juice
      2 tb Applejack
        pn Cinnamon
        pn Nutmeg
 
  Combine sugar and water in saucepan over med. high heat and stir til
  sugar is dissolved. Just before syrup comes to boil, remove from
  heat. Cool and chill. Add syrup to remaining ingred. and blend well.
  Finish in either ice cream maker or freezer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     16    Apples, cored and chopped
      5 c  Water
    1/2 tb Lemon peel, grated
      1    Inch cinnamon, wrapped in
           Cheese cloth
    1/4 c  Maple syrup
      1 tb Arrowroot
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  White wine
    1/2 c  Sour cream
 
  Simmer apples, water, lemon peel, cinnamon, and maple syrup until
  apples are tender, about 20 minutes; remove cinnamon. Puree soup in
  blender; return to sauce pan. Remove about a cup of liquid and
  combine it with arrowroot. When thickened, return to soup. Stir in
  lemon juice, and wine. Heat through. Serve with a spoonful of sour
  cream on each bowl.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SPICE BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Milk
  1 1/2 tb Lemon juice
      1    Stick butter, room temp
  1 1/2 c  Dark brown sugar
      2    Eggs, beaten
      1 ts Vanilla
  3 1/4 c  All purp flour
      2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 c  Apples, peeled, chpd
 
  ~Granny Smith
  
  Preheat oven 350. Lightly butter 2 8x4" baking pans. Combine milk and
  lemon juice in sm bowl. Let stand 5 mins. Cream butter with sugar in
  med bowl. Add eggs and vanilla and beat until smooth. Add milk
  mixture. Combine dry ingreds in another med bowl and blend into
  butter mixture. Fold in chopped apples. Spoon batter into prepared
  pans. Bake until tester comes out clean, about 45 mins. Cool in pans
  10 lmins. Transfer to rack.
  
  Posted by:  Sherilyn Schamber (JHXX93B) - Prodigy Reposted by: Debbie
  Carlson - Cooking Echo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SPICE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Fruit
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Betty Homa-KDSN36B
  2 1/4 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Ginger
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Unsweetened applesauce
      1 c  Sour milk or buttermilk
      3 lg Egg whites
    1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/2 c  Raisins
      2    Apples,pared,peeled+chopped
 
    Combine flour, baking powder and soda, and salt. set aside.
    In another bowl, mix the applesauce, sugar and spices. Add milk,
  vanilla and egg whites. Mix well. Stir in flour mixture just until
  combined. stir in apples and raisins. pour into sprayed 7x11" pan and
  bake at 350 F for 25-30 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SPICE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 c  Whole-wheat flour
    1/3 c  Oats
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Allspice
    1/2 c  Skimmed milk
    1/2 c  Honey
      2 ts Vanilla extract
      2    Apples, peeled, cored and
           -cut into very small chunks
      3 tb Chopped raisins
 
  Preheat oven to 375F. Use a non-stick baking pan, or lightly oil a
  pan with vegetable oil. Mix the flour, oats, baking powder, soda,
  cinnamon, and the allspice thoroughly. In a different bowl, mix the
  milk, honey and vanilla extract.  Stir into the  flour mixture. Add
  the apples and raisins. Drop by the tablespoon, two inches apart,
  onto the baking pan. Bake for 10 - 14 minutes until lightly browned.
  Makes 18 - 20 cookies.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SPICE CUSTARD CAKE (FROM BORDEN)
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
      1 pk 18 1/4 oz. spice apple cake
           Mix
      2 md All purpose apples, pared,
           Cored, and finely chopped.
      1 cn 14 oz. Eagle brand sweetened
           Condensed milk
      1 cn 8 oz. Borden Sour Cream, at
           Room temperature
    1/4 c  Realemon juice
           Ground cinnamon
 
  Preheat oven to 350ø.  Prepare cake mix as package directs, stir in
  apples. Pour into well-greased and floured 13x9 inch baking pan. Bake
  for 30 minutes or until wooden pick inserted near center comes out
  clean. Meanwhile, in medium bowl, combine sweetened condensed milk,
  sour cream and Realemon juice.  Remove cake from oven; spread cream
  mixture over top. Return to oven; bake 10 minutes longer or until
  set. Sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cool.  Garnish as desired. Refrigerate
  leftovers.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SPICE DRINK
 Categories: Beverages, Christmas
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 ts Grated orange peel
      3    Cinnamon sticks, crushed
      3 ts Whole cloves
      1    Whole nutmeg, crushed
      3 c  Apple juice
      6    Cinnamon sticks
 
  Combine orange peel, 3 crushed cinnamon sticks, cloves and nutmeg in a
  small bowl.  Tie dry ingredients in a double thickness of cheesecloth
  to make a sachet, or secure in a large tea-straining ball. In a
  medium pan, simmer apple juice with spices for at least 20 minutes.
  Ladle into mugs and garnish each with a cinnamon stick. Source: Quick
  & Easy Cooking ch. Serves 6.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SPICE MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Unbleached flour
      3 tb Rolled oats
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Cloves
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Raisins
      2 sm Apples, pared/cored/cubed
    3/4 c  Skim milk, room temp
    1/2 c  Brown sugar, packed
    1/4 c  Applesauce, room temp
      1    Egg white, whipped
 
  Preheat oven at 350.  Prepare 12 muffin pans with cooking spray and
  flour. In a mixing bowl, combine flour, oats, baking powder,
  cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, salt and raisins. In another mixing bowl,
  combine apples, milk, brown sugar, applesauce, and egg white. Mix wet
  ingredients with dry ingredients just until moistened. Use an ice
  cream scoop to fill muffin tins 2/3 full. Bake 20 to 30 minutes, or
  until lightly browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SPICED ICED TEA
 Categories: Cyberealm, Beverages
      Yield: 2 Quarts
 
MMMMM-----------------COOLERS FROM CHEF FREDDY'S----------------------
      2 md Sweettart apples
    3/4 tb Cinnamon
  1 1/2 tb Sugar
      6    Teabags of orange peako tea
           Water
           Ice
 
  This recipe is written for the "Mr. Coffee" "Ice Tea Pot" and it works
  well. For those of you that don't have one, you may have to adapt this
  recipe for use with other machines... or your own proceedures for
  making iced tea... CF
  
  1)      Slice the apples into thin slices and remove the cores and
  seeds... place « of the slices in the steeping pot... 2) Mix the
  cinnamon and the sugar until it is uniform in color... then sprinkle
  it over the apple slices in the steeping pot... 3) Follow the
  directions to make Iced tea that came with the machine... add the
  teabags to the steeping pot on top of the apples... Add the remaining
  apple slices to the pitcher on top of the ice... assemble the machine
  and the pitcher and turn it on... 4) add the apple slices from the
  steeping pot to the pitcher when the tea is done along with more ice
  to fill the pitcher... stir vigorously and serve...
  
  From Fred Goslin on Cyberealm Bbs and KookNet in Watertown NY Phn.
  (315) 786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SPRITZER
 Categories: Beverages, Fruits, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Apple cider, preferably
           -unfiltered
    1/4 c  Club soda
           Ice
           Green apple slice
           Lemon wedge
 
  1. Mix apple cider and club soda together in 10-ounce old-fashioned
  glass. Fill with ice. Garnish with green apple slice or lemon wedge.
  
  Posted By japlady@nwu.edu (Rebecca Radnor) On rec.food.recipes or
  rec.food.cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SQUARES
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
      1 c  Sugar
      1 x  Egg
      1 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking Powder
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 x  Apples. peeled and chopped
    1/2 c  Chopped Nuts
 
   Preheat oven to 350 deg F.
   Cream butter and sugar and beat in egg.
   Combine flour, baking powder and salt and gradually add to butter and
  sugar mixture. Gently stir in apples and nuts, and spread in buttered
  8"x8" pan.
   Bake 35 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STIX
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 pk Sugar-free gelatin; any
           -flavor (4 serving size box)
    3/4 c  -water; boiling
    1/2 c  Apple juice (see note)
           Ice cubes (see note)
  1 1/2 c  Apple; cut in matchstick
           -size pieces
 
  Note: Combine apple juice and enough ice cubes to make
    1 1/4    cups.
  
  Prepare as normal using the 'quick set' directions. Use apple juice in
  place of cold water. Stir in 1 1/2 cups apple cut in matchstick size
  pieces, chill. ---
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STRAWBERRY JELLY
 Categories: Desserts, Jams
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Unsweetened bottled apple
           -juice
      1 pt Fully ripe strawberries
  3 1/2 c  Granulated sugar
      1    Pouch liquid fruit pectin
 
  Pour apple juice into a preserving kettle or large saucepan.
  Thoroughly crush the barries, using a potato masher, one layer at a
  time; measure 1/2 cup prepared berries; add to apple juice; add
  sugar. Place pan over high heat; bring to boil, stirring
  continuously; at once, stir in liquid fruit pectin; bring to a full
  rolling boil; boil hard for 1 minutes,stirring continuously; remove
  kettle from heat. Skim off foam with a metal spoon; pour quickly into
  hot sterilized jars, leaving 1/2 inch head space; seal with melted
  paraffin wax; cover with clean lids. Stor in a cool, dark, dry place.
  
  **NOTE**  Bottled Strawberry cocktail can be substituted for the fresh
  strawberry juice, giving a slightly sweeter product. Makes 3-1/2 cups.
  
  Origin:  Appeal (quarterly publication by Overwaitea Foods) Shared by:
  Sharon Stevens.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STREUSEL CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Kooknet, Cyberealm, Cheesecake, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Cheesecake
 
 
    I make this cheesecake often, especially in the fall. I don't use
  special recipe, just make a plain, New York type cheesecake, but add
  apple pie spices like cinnamon and nutmeg (to taste). Then add diced
  fresh apples to taste (couple of cups usually). Then top the whole
  thing with a streusel topping (butter, sugar and a little flour all
  cut up together) like you would put on a Dutch Apple Pie and bake as
  the directions for the plain cheesecake suggest.
    It is wonderful.
  
  Edited to MM format by: Lois Flack, CYBEREALM BBS, Watertown, NY
        -       Home of Kook-Net        (315)782-1120   -
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STREUSEL COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Bisquick baking mix
      1 ts Cinnamon; ground
    2/3 c  Applesauce; sweetened
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
           Streusel topping:
    1/4 c  Bisquick baking mix
      2 ts Firm butter or margarine
    1/4 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      2 ts Finely chopped nuts
 
  Grease round pan, 9 x 1 1/2". Mix all ingredients except Streusel
  Topping until moistened. Spread batter in pan; sprinkle with Streusel
  Topping. Bake in a preheated 400 degree oven until wooden toothpick
  inserted in center comes out clean, about 20 to 25 minutes. Serves
  warm. Streusel Topping: Mix all ingredients until crumbly.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STREUSEL MINCEMEAT PIE
 Categories: Pies/pastry, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Pie shell, 9"; unbaked
      3    Apples, pared and thinly
           -sliced
      3 tb Flour
    1/2 c  Flour
      2 tb Butter, melted
     27 oz Mincemeat
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/3 c  Butter, cold
    1/4 c  Nuts, chopped
 
  In large bowl, toss apples with 3 tablespoons flour and melted butter;
  arrange in pastry shell.  Top with mincemeat. In medium bowl, combine
  remaining 1/2 c flour, sugar and cinnamon; cut in cold butter until
  crumbly.  Add nuts; sprinkle over mincement.  Bake in lower half of
  425 degrees oven 10 minutes. Reduce heat to 375 degrees; bake 25
  minutes longer or until golden. Cool. Garnish as desired.
  
  PAT'S NOTES FROM 1/95:  This pie was excellent.  I used reconstituted
  mincemeat (1 box) and as many apples as were needed to fill the pie
  plate - lots more than the recipe calls for. I increased the amount
  of topping to add sweetness because of the increased number of tart
  apples.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STREUSEL MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins, Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     18    Regular muffins
 
  The delicious crumb topping makes these muffins taste like miniature
  coffee cakes. Good at tea time and also for brunch. Cool at least 1
  hour before serving.
  
  Topping
  
  1/2 cup chopped walnuts 1/4 cup all-purpose flour 3 tablespoons
  granulated sugar 2 tablespoons butter, at room temperature 1/4
  teaspoon ground cinnamon
  
  Batter
  
  1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour 1/2 cup granulated sugar 2 teaspoons
  baking powder 1 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1/4 teaspoon baking soda 1/4
  teaspoon salt 2 large eggs 1 cup sour cream 1/4 cup (1/2 stick)
  butter, melted 1 cup diced unpeeled apple, preferably a tart apple
  such as Granny Smith or Greenings
  
  Heat oven to 375 F. Grease muffin cups or use foil baking cups.
  
  Put streusel topping ingredients into a medium-size bowl. Mix with a
  fork, then crumble with fingers until mixture looks like chopped
  walnuts.
  
  To make the muffin batter, thoroughly mix fllour, sugar, baking
  powder, cinnamon, allspice, baking soda, and salt in a large bowl.
  
  Break eggs into another bowl. Add sour cream and melted butter, and
  whisk until well blended. Stir in diced apple.
  
  Pour egg mixture over flour mixture and fold in just until dry
  ingredients are moistened.
  
  Scoop batter into muffin cups. Top each muffin with about 2 teaspoons
  of the streusel topping.
  
  Bake 20 to 25 minutes, or until browned. A toothpick inserted into the
  center should come out clean. Remove from pans and let cool at least
  1 hour before serving.
  
  Source: Muffins By Elizabeth Alston
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STREUSEL MUFFINS (TDN)
 Categories: Breads, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      4 tb Finely chopped pecans
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
    1/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 ts Mace
      2 tb Chilled butter

MMMMM---------------------------MUFFIN--------------------------------
  1 3/4 c  All-purpose flour
    3/4 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Sugar
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      2    Eggs
    3/4 c  Milk
      4 tb Melted butter
    1/2 c  Chopped apple
 
  Grease 12-muffin cups or line with paper.
  
  For topping, combine all ingredients and rub together with fingertips
  until completely blended.  Set aside.
  
  For muffin mix, combine dry ingredients in a bowl or on wax paper and
  stir to combine.  Beat eggs in a medium bowl. Beat in milk and
  butter. Add dry ingredients and give 10 or so vigorous strokes.  Add
  apple pieces and stir a few more times.
  
  Put a spoonful of batter into each muffin cup, divide half the topping
  among the muffins, spoon on remaining batter, then sprinkle with
  remaining topping.  Bake at 400 degrees for 25 minutes or until
  lightly browned.
  
  Assorted recipes from the Detroit News, entered by Diane Pahl
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STRIPS
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes, Fruits
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Unsalted Butter or margarine
      2 c  Flour
    1/4 c  Sugar
      3 tb Sour Cream
    1/2 ts Grated Lemon Rind
      1 x  Egg yolk for wash
      1 ds Confectioners Sugar (opt)

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      4 x  Med Apples, peeled   *
      1 tb Raisins
    1/2 c  Sugar
 
  * 4-5 medium Macintosh apples, peeled and thinly sliced Work butter
  into flour with a fork and add sugar, sour cream, and lemon rind,
  kneading to form a dough. Form into a roll, wrap in waxed paper, and
  let rest for 1/2 hour.
   Cut roll in half. Roll out 1 part to fit a 9"x9" pan. Line with apple
  slices and sprinkle with raisins and sugar. Roll out remaining dough
  and cut into strips to form a lattice pattern on top of the apples.
  Brush with egg yolk, to which a little cold water has been added.
   Bake at 325 deg F. for about 20 minutes, until golden brown. Dust
  with confectioners' sugar while still warm, if desired, and cut into
  1" x 2" strips.  Makes about 30. Serve warm or cold.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STRUDEL
 Categories: German, Fruits, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 c  Apples; tart, sliced
    3/4 c  Raisins
      1 tb Lemon rind; grated
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Almonds; ground
      8 oz Fillo leaves; 1/2 box,thawed
  1 3/4 c  Butter;(no margarine),melted
      1 c  Bread crumbs; finely crushed
 
  Mix apples with raisins, lemon rind, sugar, cinnamon, and almonds. Set
  aside.  Place 1 fillo leaf on a kitchen towel and brush witl melted
  butter. Place a second leaf on top and brush with butter again.
   Repeat until 5 leaves have been used, using about 1/2 c of butter.
  Cook and stir bread crumbs with 1/4 c of butter until lightly browned.
   Sprinkle 3/4 cup crumbs on the layered fillo leaves. Mound 1/2 of the
  filling in a 3-inch strip along the narrow end of the fillo, leaving a
  2-inch border. Lift towel, using it to roll leaves over apples, jelly
  roll fashion.  Brush top of the strudel with butter and sprinkle with
  2 T crumbs.  Repeat the entire procedure for the second strudle. Bake
  the strudels at 400 degrees F. for 20 to 25 minutes, until browned.
  Makes 2 strudels, 6 to 8 servings each. NOTE: Frozen fillo leaves for
  strudel can be found at most supermarkets in the frozen foods
  sections.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STRUDEL (APFELSTRUDEL)
 Categories: Penndutch, Breads, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Flour
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Shortening
      2 ea Egg, slightly beaten
    1/2 c  Water, warm
      5 c  Apple, sliced
      1 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Nuts, chopped
      3 tb Butter, melted
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ea Lemon, grated rind of
 
  Sift the flour and salt together. Cut in the 2 Tbsp shortening and
  add the eggs and water. Knead well, then throw or beat dough against
  board until it blisters. Stand it in a warm place under a cloth for
  20 minutes. Cover the kitchen table with a small white cloth and
  flour it. Put dough on it. Pull out with hands very carefully to
  thickness of tissue paper. Spread with mixture made of the sliced
  apples, melted butter, raisins, nuts, brown sugar, cinnamon and
  grated lemon rind. Fold in outer edges and roll about 4 inches wide.
  Bake at 450-F for 10 minutes, reduce heat to 400-F and continue to
  bake about 20 minutes. Let cool. Cut in slices about 2 inches wide.
  Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book - Fine Old Recipes, Culinary
  Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STRUDEL BREAD
 Categories: Abm, Breads
      Yield: 1 1/2 lb. lo
 
    3/4 c  Milk
      1    Egg
    1/3 c  Margarine or butter
  3 1/4 c  Bread flour
    1/3 c  Sugar
    3/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Active dry yeast or
           -bread machine yeast
      3 tb Margarine or butter,
           -softened
      3 c  Thinly sliced, peeled
           -apples
    1/2 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/2 c  Dark raisins
      4 ts All-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon

MMMMM---------------------------ICING--------------------------------
    1/2 c  Powdered sugar, sifted
      2 ts (or 3 ts) milk
 
  Add the first 7 ingredients to machine according to manufacturer's
  directions.  Select dough cycle.  When cycle is complete, remove
  dough from machine, cover and let rest 10 minutes.
  
  Grease a 10x150x-inch baking pan; set aside.  On a lightly floured
  surface, roll dough into a 12x24-inch rectangle.  Brush dough with
  the softened margarine.
  
  For filling, in a small mixing bowl, combine apples, brown sugar,
  raisins, 3 to 4 teaspoons flour, and cinnamon.  Beginning about 2
  inches from a long side, spoon filling in a 3-inch-wide band across
  dough. Starting from the long side, carefully roll up dough; pinch
  edges and ends to seal. Carefully transfer to prepared baking pan,
  curving dough to fit and form a crescent shape.  Cover and let rise
  in warm place about 45 minutes ot till nearly double.
  
  Bake in a 350ºF oven for 30 to 35 minutes or till brown; cover with
  foil for the last 10 to 15 miutes to prevent overbrowning, if
  necessary. Remove from pan.  Cool on a rack.  Serves 20.
  
  FOR ICING: In a small mixing bowl stir together powdered sugar and 1
  to 3 teaspoons milk.  Add enough milk to make an icing of drizzling
  consistency. Drizzle over strudel.
  
  PER SERVING: 168 calories, 3g protein, 28g carbohydrate, 5g total fat
  (1g saturated), 14mg cholesterol, 127mg sodium, 95mg potassium
  
  Submitted by: Jenny Johanssen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STUFFED MUSHROOMS **
 Categories: Appetizers, Vegetables, Apples
      Yield: 32 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------
     32 lg Mushrooms, fresh
           Vegetable cooking spray
      3 tb Celery; finely chopped
    1/2 c  Apple; minced
      2 tb Fine, dry breadcrumbs
      1 tb Parsley, fresh; chopped
      2 tb Walnuts; finely chopped
           - toasted
      1 tb Blue cheese; crumbled
      2 ts Lemon juice
 
  Clean mushrooms with damp paper towels. Remove stems; finely chop 1/3
  cup of stems, reserving remaining stems for another use. Set mushroom
  caps aside. Coat a small skillet with cooking spray; place over
  medium-high heat until hot. Add 1/3 cup reserved chopped mushroom
  stems and celery; saute 2 minutes or until tender. Combine celery
  mix, apple and next 5 ingredients in a small bowl; stir well. Spoon
    1-1/2 ts apple mix into each reserved mushroom cap. Place mushrooms
  in a 15x10" jelly roll pan; bake at 350~ for 15 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STUFFED PORK CROWN ROAST
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Posted by Stewart Hopper
           -
      8 lb Pork crown rib roast
           Red wine vinegar
           Garlic salt
           Pepper
      2 c  Pineapple marmalade
    1/2 c  Light corn syrup
      1 ts Ground cloves
      8    Small sweet potatoes peeled
      3    Large coking apples, cored
           -and sliced
           OPTIONAL:
           Fresh pineapple wedges
 
  Brush roast with vinegar and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Wrap in
  foil and set in a shallow dish, refrigerate 3 hours. MAke a drip pan
  of aluminum foil about 1 1/2 inches deep and extending 3 inches
  beyond each side of roast.  Unwrap roast and place in drip pan or on
  rack in a shallow roasting pan.  Insert meat thermometer in thickest
  part of roast, not touching bone or fat.  Place roast on grill about
  6 inches above low coals. Clsoe hood of grill and cook for 1 1/2 to 2
  hours. Combine marmalade, corn sysrup and cloves ina medium saucepan,
  cook over medium heat about 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Slice
  sweet poatatoes 1/4 inch thick, cut slices in half. Spoon potatoes
  into roast cavity(if roast cavity is too small for all potatoes, put
  remaining potatoesin a greased casserole dish beside roast on grill).
  Bruch potoatoes and roast with glaze. Cook an additional 30 minutes.
  Add apple slices to potatoes in roast cavity and casserole dish,
  continue cooking and basting for 30 to 60 minutes or until meat
  thermometer registers 170 degrees and apples and potatoes are done.
  Remove roast and stuffing from grill and let stand for 10-15 minutes
  before carving to allow jucies to set.  To serve, place roast on
  platter, surround with poatatoes and apples from casserole. Garnish
  with pineapplle wedges if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE STUFFED SQUASH
 Categories: Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Acorn squash
           -- halved and seeded
      1 tb Melted butter or margarine
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
      2 c  Cooked white or brown rice
           -(cooked in chicken broth)
      1 c  Unsweetened applesauce
    1/2 c  Chopped celery
    1/2 c  Chopped toasted pecans
    1/4 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/2 ts Onion powder
    1/2 ts Ground ginger
      4 sm Apple wedges
 
  Place squash cut-side down in shallow baking pan. Bake at 350 F for 30
  minutes.  Turn squash cut-side up; brush with butter. Sprinkle with
  salt and cinnamon. Combine rice, applesauce, celery, pecans, brown
  sugar, onion powder, and ginger.  Fill squash evenly with rice
  stuffing. Bake, uncovered, 20 to 30 minutes. Garnish with apple
  wedges.
  
  Source: Seasonal Inspirations for Rice Reprinted with permission from
  USA Rice Council Electronic format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SWIRL CAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Apples
      3 tb Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Cooking oil
      4 ea Eggs
    1/4 c  Orange juice
      2 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Sifted flour
      1 tb Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Peel, core, and chop apples into small pieces.  Mix together with 3
  tablespoons sugar and cinnamon.  Set aside. In large bowl, combine
  sugar and cooking oil; beat. Add eggs, orange juice, and vanilla.
  Sift together flour, baking powder, and salt; add to creamed mixture.
  Beat until smooth. Pour one third batter into greased and floured 12
  cup bundt pan alternating with one half apple mixture.  Repeat.  End
  with layer of batter on top. Bake at 325 degrees F for 60 minutes or
  until cake tests done. Cool in pan 10 to 15 minutes; turn out on wire
  rack or serving plate to complete cooling.  Sprinkle with
  confectioners sugar.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE SYRUP
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      2 c  Unsweetened apple juice
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
      2 tb Cornstarch
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
  1 1/2 tb Lime juice
 
  Makes 2 cups.  Serves 8-10 as a topping for pancakes. Also great as a
  topping for cottage cheese or frozen yogurt.
  
  Combine apple juice, brown sugar, cornstarch, salt and nutmeg in
  saucepan. Bring to a boil, reduce heat, and cook, stirring
  occasionally, 3-5 min or until thickened. Stir in lime juice
  (optional).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TAMARIND CHUTNEY
 Categories: Condiments
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3    Firm tart apples; such as
           -York or Granny Smith,
           -peeled, cored and cut into
           -chunks
      2    Onions; chopped
  1 1/4 c  Packed light brown sugar
    3/4 c  Cider vinegar
    3/4 c  Golden raisins
      2    Jalapeno peppers; seeded and
           -minced
      1 tb Tamarind concentrate or
      2 ts Molasses mixed with
      1 ts Fresh lime juice
      1 tb Fresh ginger; minced
      1 tb Mustard seed
    1/2 ts Fenugreek seed (optional)
    1/2 ts Salt
      1    Cinnamon stick
      1    Bay leaf
 
  In a large heavy bottomed saucepan, combine apples, onions, brown
  sugar, vinegar, raisins, jalapenos, tamarind concentrate or molasses
  with lime juice, ginger, mustard seed, fenugreek seed (if using),
  salt, cinnamon stick and bay leaf.  Bring to a simmer over low heat
  and cook, stirring occasionally, until apples are tender and the
  chutney is thick, about 30 minutes. Let cool to room temperature.
  Remove cinnamon stick and bay leaf. Transfer to clean jars (the
  chutney will keep about 2 months in the refrigerator). Alternatively,
  pack hot chutney into half pint jars, leaving 1/2 inch of headspace.
  Seal with canning lids and process for 10 minutes in a boiling water
  bath. Store jars in a cool dry place. Makes about 3 cups.
  
  Source: Eating Well-Entertaining January 1997 From: EGFK15B, Catherine
  Leslie, Prodigy, 11/9/96
  
  >From the MM database of Judi M. Phelps. jphelps@slip.net or
  jphelps@best.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TANSY
 Categories: Breakfast, Fruits/nuts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Sweet apples ( golden delici
           -us )
      2    Eggs, separated
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Nutmeg, grated
      2 tb Butter
      2 tb Calvados or rum
           Confectioner's sugar and lem
           -n peel
 
     Core, quarter and pare the apples; shred. Beat egg yolks, sugar,
  flour, nutmeg and calvados into apples. Beat egg whites stiff, fold
  into apple mixture. Heat butter in non-stick skillet; add the apple
  mixture and saute over medium heat until bottom of the omelet is
  browned ( 2 or 3 minutes ). Turn the omelet and brown other side.
  Slip omelet onto a warm plate and sprinkle with confectioner's sugar.
  Source: Ahn Dao
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TAPIOCA
 Categories: Desserts, Crockpot
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Peeled, sliced apples
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Instant tapioca
           Juice of 1 lemon
      1 c  Boiling water
 
  In medium bowl, toss apples with brown sugar, cinnamon, salt and
  tapioca until evenly coated.  Place apples in slow cooker. Pour lemon
  juice over top.
   Pour in boiling water.  Cook on high for 3-4 hours. Serves 4 Source:
  Home Cooking  Typed in MMFormat by cjhartlin@msn.com 01/02/98
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TART
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Cyberealm
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------PASTRY--------------------------------
      2 c  All-Purpose Flour
      2 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
    2/3 c  Unsalted Butter, cut up
    1/4 c  Milk
      1    Egg Yolk

MMMMM------------------------APPLE FILING-----------------------------
     28 oz Golden Delicous Apples,
           Peeled, cored, and sliced
           1/4" thick (6 cups)
      1 tb Lemon Juice
      2 tb Sugar
      1 tb Sugar

MMMMM-----------------------APRICOT GLAZE----------------------------
    1/3 c  Apricot Jam
      1 tb Apricot Brandy
 
  Pastry: In a food processor combine flour, 2 ts sugar and salt. Add
  butter and pulse with on/off turns until mixture resembles fine
  cornmeal. Ib a 1 cup measure, whisk milk and egg yolk until blended.
  With processor running, pour in egg mixture, processing until dough
  pulls away from sides of bowl and forms a ball. Form dough into a
  flat rectangular shape. Wrap in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 20
  minutes.
  
  Apple Filling: In a large bowl, toss sliced apples with lemon juice.
  Set aside.
  
  Assembly: Preheat oven to 425øF. On a heavily floured surface, roll
  out pastry to 16x12" rectangle. Arrange pastry flat on a large baking
  sheet. Overlap apple slices in 3 lengthwise rows atop pastry, leaving
  a 1" border of pastry on all sides. Fold edge of pastry up to, and
  slightly overlapping apples. Press together seams of pastry at
  corners to seal. Pinch together and cracks in pastry along edges to
  hold in juices. Sprinkle apples with 2 tb sugar. Bake at 425øF for
  25-30 minutes until apples are tender and crust is browned. Remove
  from oven and dust with 1 tb sugar, then brush with warm glaze. Cool
  tart on baking sheet set on rack.
  
  Apricot Glaze: While tart is baking, in a small saucepan stir apricot
  jam and apricot brandy over medium heat until melted. Press through a
  sieve.
  
  Source: Victoria Magazine, January 1994 Typed by Katherine Smith
  Cyberealm BBS and home of Kook-Net, Watertown, NY 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TARTS
 Categories: Cooking liv, Desserts, Fruit
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
 
        1    sheet (1/2 pound) frozen
  :          puff pastry -- thawed
        1    Granny Smith apple
        2 TB sugar
      1/4 ts cinnamon
        1 TB cold unsalted butter -- cut
  :          into bits
        2 TB apricot jam -- heated and
  :          strained
  :          Vanilla ice cream or whipped
  :          cream
  :          as an accompaniment
  
  Roll out the pastry 1/8 inch thick on a lightly floured surface, cut
  out two 7-inch rounds, and transfer them to a baking sheet. Peel,
  halve lengthwise, and core the apple, slice it thin crosswise, and
  arrange the slices, overlapping them slightly, on the pastry rounds.
  In a small bowl stir together the sugar and the cinnamon, sprinkle
  the mixture evenly over the apples, and dot the tarts with the
  butter. Bake the tarts in the middle of a pre-heated 400 degree oven
  for 25 minutes, or until the pastry is golden brown. Transfer the
  tarts to a rack, brush them with the jam and serve them warm with ice
  cream.
  
  Yield: 2 serving
  
  Recipe By     : COOKING LIVE SHOW #CL8729
  
  From: "Jon And Angele Freeman" <jfreemadate: Wed, 9 Oct 1996 11:35:15
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TARTS WITH ICE CREAM PART 1
 Categories: American, Spago, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Puff pastry dough
      6 lg Cooking apples (like
           Newton, Pippin,
           Granny Smith)
  4 1/2 tb Butter
    1/3 c  Sugar
      3 tb Calvados
      1    Egg, lightly beaten
    1/4 c  Caramel sauce:
      1 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Whipping cream
      3 tb Unsalted butter, cut in
           Small pieces
           Caramel ice cream:
      8    Egg yolks
    2/3 c  Sugar
           (see part 2 for more)
 
  SOURCE: SPAGO, W. SUNSET BLVD; LOS ANGELES.  RAYMOND CABERNET
  SAUVIGNON, 1978.  Preheat oven to 325.  Roll out 1/2 dough until
  1/8-in. thick and line six individual tart pans. Peel, core, and
  thinly slice the apples. Heat 3 tablespoons butter in skillet, saute
  apples 3-4 minutes until golden.  Sprinkle sauteing apple slices with
  sugar. Meanwhile, warm Calvados in saucepan. Pour warm brandy over
  apple slices, cover skillet for a few seconds, uncover, ignite. Fill
  tart pans with flambeed apple slices. Cut remaining 1-1/2 tablespoons
  butter in 6 pieces, lay 1 piece on each tart.  Drizzle warm Caramel
  Sauce over tart fillings to glaze. Roll out remaining puff pastry
  dough until 1/8-in. thick. Cut out tops to cover tart shells.  Cut
  design in center of each top with cookie cutter; place on top of
  tarts, leaving sides open. Gently brush dough with beaten egg. Bake
  in preheated oven 30 minute, until golden brown. Serve with Caramel
  Ice Cream. (see part 2 for sauce and ice cream)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TARTS WITH ICE CREAM PART 2
 Categories: American, Spago, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Milk
      2 c  Whipping cream
      1    Vanilla bean, split
      1 c  Caramel sauce
 
  SOURCE: SPAGO, W. SUNSET BLVD; LOS ANGELES.  RAYMOND CABERNET
  SAUVIGNON, 1978.  SAUCE: Combine sugar and 1/2 cup water in heavy
  saucepan. Cook on medium heat 15-20 minutes, until sugar turns light
  golden brown. Don't let sugar burn.  Remove saucepan from heat,
  immediately add cream, stirring until smooth.  Add butter, let melt
  in sauce. Stir to combine thoroughly. Serve warm or chilled.  If not
  using at once, cover with plastic wrap, store in refrigerator. ICE
  CREAM: In 3-quart bowl, whisk egg yolks together with sugar. Set
  aside. Pour milk and cream into saucepan, add split vanilla bean.
  Heat just to boiling point to scald, then remove pan from heat. Pour
  a little scalded milk and cream into egg mixture, stir gently.
  Gradually add and mix in remaining milk and cream. Return pan to
  stove, cook over medium to low heat, stirring constantly until
  mixture coats wooden spoon. Strain into bowl over ice.  Stir in
  Caramel Sauce. Freeze in ice-cream maker, according to directions.
  
  ~----
                                                       
         FOOD AND WINE CLUB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 12/10 6:38 AM
  
  TO:      ALL FROM: CHRISTIE ASPEGREN (FGXF83A) SUBJECT: R-MM ALL
  SEASONS MEA
  
  #1 (We'll see if they go up in order <G>)
  
  These are from MK's 'A Taste for all Seasons'
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE THYME JELLY
 Categories: Condiments, Jams
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Apple cider
  3 1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Fresh thyme leaves
      1    Liquid fruit pectin; 3 ounc
           -es
 
  1.  Combine the cider, sugar and thyme in a 4-quart microwave-safe
  bowl, and stir well. 2. Cook, uncovered, at full power (650 to 700
  watts) for 10 minutes. Stir, return to the microwave, and cook until
  the sugar has dissolved and the mixture has reached a full rolling
  boil, about 5 more minutes. 3. Stir the pectin into the mixture,
  return it to the microwave, and cook for 1-1/2 minutes. 4. Skim any
  foam off the surface, ahd pack the jelly into sterilized jars
  according to the manufacturer's directions. Makes 1 quart. Authors'
  note: A delicate flavor -- just perfect for glazing a simple lamb or
  pork roast. Source: The New Basics Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TUNA PASTA CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casseroles
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 c  Macaroni
      6 tb Butter or margarine
    1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      3 c  Milk
      2 c  Processed american cheese
      2 c  Tuna in water -- drained
      2 c  Tart apples -- core/dice
      2 tb Butter or margarine --
           Melted
    1/2 c  Bread crumbs -- soft
 
  Cook macaroni according to package directions; drain. In saucepan,
  melt 6 tb butter or margarine over low heat. Blend in flour and 3/4
  ts salt. Add milk all at once. Cook quickly, stirring constantly,
  until mixture thickens and bubbles. Add cheese; stir until cheese is
  melted. Stir in tuna, diced apples and drained macaroni; turn into
  12x7x2 inch baking dish. Combine melted butter and crumbs. Sprinkle
  on top of casserole. Bake in 350~ oven for 30 minutes, or until
  apples are tender.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TURNOVERS
 Categories: Cheese, Fruits, Pies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  2 1/4 c  Unbleached flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    2/3 c  Vegetable shortening
      6 oz Cheddar; sharp, shredded
      1 x  Water
    3/4 c  Brown sugar; firmly packed
      1 ts Cinnamon; ground
      6 ea Apples; pared and cored
    1/4 c  Butter
 
  Heat the oven to 425 degrees F.  Combine the flour and salt, mixing
  well, then cut in the shortening until the mixture resembles coarse
  crumbs. Sir in the cheese and sprinkle with water while mixing
  lightly with a fork, (From 6 to 8 Tbls of water maybe required),
  continue mixing until dough makes a ball. Divide the dough into three
  equal portions and roll each portion, on a lightly flour surface,
  into a 14 X 7-inch rectangle. Cut each rectangle into 2 7-inch
  squares. Combine the brown sugar and cinnamon, then fill the centers
  of the apples topping each apple with butter. Sprinkle the remaining
  brown sugar mixture over the pastry. Place an apple in each square
  and fold the corners to the center, pinching the dough at the top of
  the apple to seal.  Bake in the preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes.
  Top with whipped cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TURNOVERS (ERNIE'S)
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------------DOUGH (FOR 12----------------------------
      2 c  All purpose flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Cold butter
    2/3 c  Cold water

MMMMM-----------------------FILLING (FOR 4----------------------------
      2    Apples
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Sugar
 
   Pastry: Combine flour and salt.  Cut butter into small pieces and
  cut into flour.  Add water and mix. Turn onto lightly floured board
  and knead about 10 times. Flatten and roll to a long rectangle. Fold
  into 1/3 lengthwise and roll out again.  Do this four times, using
  sprinkling of flour to cover sticky spots of butter. If it becomes
  difficult to roll wrap in plastic and refrigerate until cold.  The
  last time you roll it, cut into 3 equal pieces (each piece rolls out
  to 10" X 10" and makes 4 turnovers). Freeze 2 of the pieces and use
  the apple filling to make 4 turnovers.
   Filling: Peel and core apples, slice thinly and mix with sugar and
  cinnamon.  Roll dough into 10" X 10" and cut into four 5" X 5"
  squares. On a baking sheet, place 1/4 of the mixture on each square
  and fold over into triangles. Crimp the edges with a fork so they do
  not leak. With a sharp knife cut a couple of slits into each
  turnover. Sprinkle sugar over the top. Place in refrigerator while
  oven heats to 425 C. Bake 15 minutes until lightly browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE TURNOVERS ALA TERRI
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Kooknet, Cyberealm
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
      4 oz Cream cheese, soft
      2 c  Sifted whole wheat
           -flour
      1 tb Honey
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Diced apples
    1/3 c  Brown sugar
      3 tb Flour
    1/2 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Cloves
    1/8 ts Salt
 
  Cream butter, honey, and cream cheese until smooth and creamy. Sift
  together flour, honey & salt.  Work into creamed mixture with a pastry
  cutter until completely blended in. Form into a ball; wrap in plastic
  wrap and chill several hours.  Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Combine
  apples, brown sugar, flour, lemon juice and spices. Roll pastry 1/8"
  thick; cut into 4 squares. Place one fourth of apple filling on each
  square. Fold in half diagonally and press edges with tines of fork to
  seal. Slit pastry with sharp knife.  Place on ungreased cookie sheet
  and bake 20-25 minutes.
  
  Typed for you by Terri St. Louis, Kook-Net 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE UP & DOWN CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Low-fat
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 tb Butter or margarine
      2 tb Lightly packed brown sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      3 md Apples, peeled, cored sliced
    3/4 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Granulated sugar
      1    Egg
      1    Egg white
    1/4 c  Oil
    1/4 c  2% milk
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 c  Dried currants or raisins
      1 md Apple, cored and grated
 
  My suggestion:  line a 9 x 9 inch cake pan or large deep dish pie
  plate with wax paper.  Melt the butter in a small glass cup in the
  microwave, stir in brown sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg. Spread as evenly
  as possible over the wax paper.  Original recipe used 10 inch skillet
  with ovenproof handle. Arrange apple slices (or chunks) in butter
  sauce.
  
  Combine flour, baking powder and salt on a piece of wax paper or in a
  mixing bowl.  In second bowl, beat together sugar, egg, egg white,
  oil, milk and vanilla. Combine with dry ingredients until just
  blended. Fold in currants (or raisins) and grated apple.  Leave the
  skin on the apple for extra fiber if you are using a food processor
  for the grating.
  
  Pour into pan over apple layer.  Bake at 350 F for 25 to 30 minutes or
  until cake tester inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Set
  aside to let cool.
  
  Carefully invert pan and remove cake to serving plate. Makes 12
  servings.
  
  Each serving 161 calories 24 g carbohydrate, 2 g protein, 6 g fat 1
  starch choice, 1 fruit, 1 fat
  
  Source:  Choice Desserts by Kay Spicer 1986 Shared and tested by
  Elizabeth Rodier
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE UPSIDE DOWN CAKE
 Categories: Cyberealm, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Cake
 
  2 1/4 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/4 ts Ground Ginger
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Baking Soda
    1/4 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Brown Sugar
      2    Large Apples
    1/2 c  Shortening
      3 tb Sugar
      1    Egg
      1 c  Molasses
      1 c  Boiling Water
 
  1. Preheat oven to 375 F. 2. Sift together flour, spices and baking
  soda. 3. In a 10 " cast iron skillet, melt the butter. 4. Sprinkle
  the sugar evenly over it. 5. Peel and core apples, slice them. 6.
  Arrange apples, overlapping on top of sugar. 7. With electric mixer
  at medium speed, beat together the
     shortening, sugar and the egg until very creamy. 8. Combine the
  molasses and the water 9. At low speed add the flour and molasses mix
  alternating to
     the to eggmix. Beat well after each addition. 10.Spoon batter over
  apples and bake 45 minutes or until done. 11.Loosen around the edges
  with spatula; invert onto plate;
     let stand 3-4 minutes, then remove from skillet. 12.Serve warm
  with soft ginger icecream.
     Out of "Who's Who Cooks"
     Typed by Brigitte Sealing
  
  8.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE WAFFLES
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Whole eggs
      1 c  Milk
    1/2 c  Melted butter or margerine
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Salt
      1    TBSLP baking powder
      2 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1    Tart apple, peeled and
           -shredded
 
  beat eggs until thick. Beat in milk, butter, and vanilla. Sift
  together dry ingredients.  Sift into egg mixture & beat well. Add
  grated apple and stir until evenly blended.  Bake per your waffle
  iron's directions.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE WALNUT BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6 c  All purpose flour
  1 3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Baking powder
  2 1/2 ts Salt
      3 c  Milk
      2    Eggs, beaten lightly
  1 1/2 c  Golden raisins
  1 1/2 c  Walnuts, coarsely chopped
      2 c  Finely chopped apples
 
  Mix flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Beat the eggs lightly, add
  milk and stir into the dry ingredients, blending well. Stir in
  raisins, nuts and apples. Turn into 2 greased and floured loaf pans,
  9x5x3 inches. Bake in 350-F oven for 1 1/4 hour or until a wooden
  pick thrust into the center comes out dry with no dough clinging.
  
  Source: Mom's old magazine clippings- 1940's to 1970's Green Bay Press
  Gazette (newspaper), December 13, 1978 Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.40
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE WALNUT CAKE WITH APPLE CIDER GLAZE
 Categories: Cakes, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Vegetable oil
      2 c  Granulated sugar
      3    Eggs
      2 c  Unbleached all-purpose
           -flour, sifted
    1/8 ts Ground cloves
  1 1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground mace
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Whole-wheat flour, sifted
      4 c  Shelled walnuts, coarsely
           -chopped
  1 1/4 c  Coarse chunks of peeled and
           -cored apples
      3 tb Applejack
           Apple Cider Glaze (see
           -recipe)

MMMMM---------------------APPLE CIDER GLAZE--------------------------
      4 tb Sweet butter
      2 tb Brown sugar
      6 tb Granulated sugar
      3 tb Applejack or apple brandy
      4 tb Sweet cider
      2 tb Fresh orange juice
      2 tb Heavy cream
           Preheat oven to 325F.
 
  In a large bowl, beat vegetable oil and sugar until thick and opaque.
  Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Sift
  together flour, cloves, cinnamon, mace, baking soda and salt, then
  stir in whole-wheat flour.  Add to oil and egg mixture and mix until
  well blended. Add walnuts, apple chunks and applejack all at once and
  stir batter until pieces are evenly distributed.
  
  Pour batter into a greased 10-inch round cake pan. Bake for 1 hour
  and 15 minutes or until cake tester inserted in center comes out
  clean.
  
  APPLE CIDER GLAZE:
  
  Melt butter in a small saucepan and stir in both sugars. Add remaining
  ingredients, stir, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat slightly and cook
  for 4 minutes. Remove from heat and cool slightly. Pour while still
  warm over warm cake.
  
  Makes 1 1/2 cups glaze.
  
  From the San Francisco Chronicle, 11/16/88.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE WALNUT STRUDEL
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 x  Apples
    1/3 c  Walnuts (chopped)
    1/4 ts Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Margarine
    1/3 lb Phyllo leaves
      1    Bread crumbs
 
  Peel, core and chop apples.  Combine apples, walnuts and lemon juice
  in mixing bowl;  fold to mix.  Melt margarine. Place 2 phyllo leaves
  on a lightly dampened, lightly bread-crumbed cloth. Brush leaves
  lightly with melted margarine.  Lay a second leaf on top of each
  leaf. Brush each layer lightly with melted margarine. Repeat using
  all the leaves. Place apple filling 2 inch in from long edges.  Fold
  long edges in over the filling. Fold over the ends.  Roll up dough,
  jelly-roll fashion. Score top into 10 pieces with a sharp knife or
  scissors and place on greased cookie sheet. Bake at 350F for 25
  minutes, or until lightly browned. 1 piece = 1/2 bread, 1 fat
    calories = 108
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE WALNUT STUFFING
 Categories: Side dish
      Yield: 1 Recipes
 
      8 c  Bread, cut into 1" cubes
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine
    1/2 c  Diced onion
    1/4 c  Fresh parsley
      2    Eggs
      1 c  Chicken broth
    1/4 ts Pepper
      2    Peeled cored & diced apples
      1 c  Chopped walnuts
 
    Preheat your oven to 325 degrees.  Place bread cubes in a large
  bowl. Melt the butter in a medium skillet over medium heat. Chop the
  parsley. Add celery, onion and parsley to the butter and cook,
  stirring occasionally, until softened. This should take about five
  minutes. Mix all this with the bread. Now beat the eggs. Mix eggs,
  broth and pepper; add this to the bread and mix it all real well.
  Stir in apples and walnuts. Bake in greased 2-quart dish for 25
  minutes. If you like your stuffing a little crispy, go ahead and cook
  it for a little longer. When it's done, serve it up! This one'll go
  quick, and if your kin likes stuffing as much as mine, you may want
  to double all the ingredients to make a little extra for the day
  after! Submitted By RHOMMEL <RHOMMEL@IX.NETCOM.COM> On FRI, 1 DEC
  1995 143310 ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE WALNUT TRIANGLES
 Categories: Cookies, Apples
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      2    Rome Beauty apples; peeled,
           - finely chopped
    1/2 c  Pine nuts -OR- walnuts;
           - light toasted, fine choped
           Grated peel of 1 lemon
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
      5    Phyllo sheets; frozen, thaw
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter; melted
           Powdered sugar; sifted (opt)
 
  Combine apples, nuts, lemon peel, sugar and nutmeg in a medium bowl.
  Mix well to blend flavors; set aside. Unroll phyllo dough sheets. Cut
  dough lengthwise into 2" wide strips. Place on waxed paper over damp
  towels. Cover all dough strips except 2 of them. Brush the 2 strips
  with the melted butter. Place about 2 teaspoons of the filling in the
  center of each strip, about 1" from the top edge. Fold one corner of
  each strip over filling. Fold over again like a flag, till entire
  strip is folded. Place on buttered 10x15" pan with sides. Repeat with
  remaining filling and phyllo strips. Brush folded pastries, top and
  bottom, with melted butter. Bake at 350~ for 20-25 minutes or until
  golden. Cool on wire rack. Sprinkle with sifted powdered sugar if
  desired.
   Pat Empson 05/21 07:17 am
         FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 05/21 7:34 AM
  
  TO:      PAT EMPSON   (PFXX29A) FROM: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) SUBJECT:
  MM-MORE APPLES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE YAM BAKE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      2    Apples, cored and peeled
    1/2 c  Firmly packed brown sugar
    1/3 c  Chopped pecans
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ground ginger
      2 md Sweet potatoes or
           -Southern yams * or
      2 cn 16 oz. yams/sweet potatoes
    1/4 c  Butter
 
  * cooked and cut into 1" slices. (Bake or peel and steam. Cool first
  before slicing.
  
  Preheat oven to 350 F
  
  Toss apples, brown sugar, nuts and spices.  Alternate layers of
  apples and yams in 9" square baking dish/pan. (Use what you have.)
  Dot with butter.
  
  Bake for 35 to 40 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-ALMOND COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Apples; large, peeled, core
           -, chopped
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Almonds; chopped
    1/2 c  Raisins; yellow
      1    Egg
    1/3 c  Butter or margarine; melted
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Flour; unbleached
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Allspice
    1/2 ts Cardamom; ground
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Toss apples with sugar, almonds and raisins. Beat eggs with butter and
  vanilla and stir into apple mixture. Combine flour, baking soda
  cinnamon, allspice, cardamom and salt in a separate bowl. Stir dry
  ingredients into apple mixture only enough to moisten all
  ingredients. Spoon into a greased 8" baking dish and bake in a
  preheated 350 degree oven for about 45 minutes. Cool slightly before
  cutting.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-APRICOT BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  WATER, BOILING
      1 c  APRICOT, DICED
      2 c  FLOUR, ALL-PURPOSE
  2 1/2 ts BAKING POWDER
    1/4 ts BAKING SODA
    1/2 ts SALT
    1/2 ts ALLSPICE
           MILK
    1/2 c  SHORTENING
    3/4 c  SUGAR
           EGG, BEATEN
      1 c  APPLE, CHOPPED
    3/4 c  WALNUTS, CHOPPED
 
  Pour boiling water over dried apricots and let stand. Sift flour,
  baking powder, soda, salt and allspice. Add milk to apricot juice to
  make 2/3 c. Beat the shortening adding sugar gradually. Beat in the
  egg. Add dry ingredients alternately with the liquid.  Fold in the
  fruit and walnuts. Spoon into a greased and floured pan, 9x5. Bake in
  350F oven for 1 hour. Cool on rack.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-APRICOT SMOOTHIE
 Categories: Beverages, Fruits
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1    Apple, Golden Delicious
           -peeled, cored & chopped
      1 c  Apple juice
      4    Apricots, fresh;pitted
           -skin optional
      1    Banana; peeled
    3/4 c  Yogurt, plain
     10    -Ice cubes, up to 12 cubes
      1 tb Honey
 
  Place all ingredients in a blender and puree until smooth.
  
  Serves 2-4 Preparation time: 5 minutes
  
  SOURCE: _Apples_ by Robert Berkeley
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-BACON QUICHES
 Categories: Appetizers, Cheese/eggs, Brunch
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  2 1/4 c  Sifted flour
  1 1/2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Shortening
      5 tb Cold milk
      5    Eggs
      1 tb Butter or margarine
      1 c  Diced Canadian bacon
      2 c  Thinly sliced apples
           -(red Delicious apples)
           - (unpeeled)
      1 tb Flour
  1 3/4 c  Half and half
    1/8 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Caraway seeds
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
      1 c  Shredded Swiss cheese
 
  Combine sifted flour and 1 teaspoon salt. Cut in shortening until
  particles are size of peas. Sprinkle with about 5 tablespoons cold
  milk, adding just enough to make stiff dough. Shape into 6 balls.
  Roll out on lightly floured board to 6-inch circles and fit into 6
  (5-inch) tart pans. Fold edges under and build up high fluted rim.
  Pierce all over with fork tines. Separate 1 egg. Beat egg white
  lightly and brush over bottoms and sides of shells. Bake below center
  of oven at 425F 15 minutes. Meanwhile, melt butter and saute bacon 1
  minute. Add apple slices, cover and cook about 10 minutes, until
  apples are almost translucent. beat remaining whole eggs with
  remaining egg yolk. Add flour, half and half, remaining 1/2 teaspoon
  salt, nutmeg, caraway seeds and dry mustard and mix well. Sprinkle
  cheese evenly among tart shells, top with apples and bacon. Pour egg
  mixture into shells. Bake at 375F about 30 minutes, or until set in
  center. Cool to lukewarm before cutting.
  
  (C) 1992 The Los Angeles Times
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-BANANA CRUNCH PIE
 Categories: Pies, Apples
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 md Apples; cut in chunks
      2 md Bananas; cut into chunks
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 c  All purpose flour
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Brown sugar; packed
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine; soften
      1    9" pastry shell; unbaked
 
  Combine fruits and lemon juice; let stand 10 minutes. Combine flour,
  sugar and spices; cut in butter till crumbly. Arrange fruit in pastry
  shell. Sprinkle with crumb mixture. Bake at 400~F for 35-40 minutes.
  Cover top lossely with foil if crumb mixture browns too quickly. Cut
  in wedges to serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-BERRY CRISP
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 md Cooking apples, peeled,
           -cored, sliced thin
      1 tb Lemon juice
           Vegetable cooking spray
     10 oz Frozen raspberries in light
           -syrup, thawed
      1 c  Regular oats, uncooked
      3 tb Margarine
      2 tb Honey
      1 ts Cinnamon, ground
    1/2 ts Nutmeg, ground
 
       Combine apple and lemon juice; toss gently. Place apple in a 10
  x 6 x 2-inch baking dish coated with cooking spray; top with
  raspberries.
       Combine oats and remaining ingredients; sprinkle evenly over
  raspberries.  Bake at 375-degrees for 30 minutes or until lightly
  browned and apple is tender.
       "The Low-Fat Way to Cook", Oxmoor House
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-BRIE CHEESE OMELET
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Apples; peeled, cored &
           -thinly sliced
      8 tb Butter
      8    Eggs
      8 ts Cream
           Salt & pepper
      2 tb Butter
      8 tb Diced Brie cheese
 
  Saute apple in butter. Beat together eggs, cream, and salt & pepper
  until blended but not frothy.  Melt butter in omelette pan over high
  heat until foam begins to recede but before beginning to color. Pour
  in egg mixture and prepare omelette, beating to lighten but still
  allowing it to set on the bottom.
  
  Fill with sauteed apples and diced Brie cheese cubes. Fold or roll and
  slide out of pan onto a heated plate.
  
  Gail's Notes: YUM!  Good luck trying to "dice" Brie, tho! <ggg>
  
  Source: Dairy Hollow House, Eureka Spgs., AR
  
  Posted on GEnie Food & Wine RT Aug 31, 1993 by FOOD.N.WINE [Gail]
  
  MM by MMCONV and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  Internet sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com, moderator of GT Cookbook and
  PlanoNet Lowfat & Luscious echoes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-BUTTER WHEAT BREAD
 Categories: Pam vkbb14a, Breads, Bmm, Breadmaker
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           1 pound loaf
    5/8 c  Water
      1 c  Allpurpose flour
      1 c  Whole wheat flour
      1 ts Salt
      1 tb Applesauce (butter)
      3 tb Apple butter
  1 1/2 ts Yeast
 
  Crust light. Bake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CARROT MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Muffins, Vegetarian, Low fat
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
      1 lg Granny Smith apple
      3 md Carrots, peeled
      3    Egg whites, lightly beaten
      2 tb Canola oil
    1/4 c  Unsweetened applesauce
    1/2 c  Dark brown sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
    3/4 c  Flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Cloves
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Quick-cooking oatmeal
    2/3 c  Dark or golden raisins
    1/2 c  Grape Nuts cereal
 
  1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Spray nine regular-sized muffin cups
  with vegetable cooking spray and set aside. 2. Cut the apple into
  quarters and remove the core.  Coarsely grate the apple and carrots,
  either by hand or with a food processor. Combine with the lightly
  beaten egg whites, oil, applesauce, brown sugar and vanilla. 3. Sift
  together the flour, soda, baking powder, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves and
  salt. Stir into the moist ingredients. Add the oatmeal, raisins and
  cereal. Spoon in the prepared muffin tins, filling to the top. 4.
  Bake 30 minutes, until the muffins test clean.  Cool a few minutes in
  the pan before unmolding onto a cooling rack.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CHEDDAR CRESCENT
 Categories: Miamiherald, Desserts, Kids 3-5
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           Refrigerated pie dough for
           - 1 crust
           Vegetable oil spray
           Flour
    1/4 c  All-fruit apple spread
      6    Apples (3 Granny Smith and
           -3 Red Delicious)
      1 c  Shredded cheddar cheese
      2 tb Melted butter
 
  Preheat oven to 400 degrees.  Lightly coat a baking sheet with
  vegetable oil spray.  On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough
  into a 12-inch circle. Melt the apple spread in the microwave (10 -
  15 seconds on high). Brush the melted spread onto the pie crust with
  a pastry brush. Peel the apples if desired and chop them coarsely.
  Scatter the apple spices over the pie crust and then scatter on the
  cheese. Using a pizza cutter, cut the pie crust into 8 wedges.
  Starting form the wide end, roll up each wedge of crust.  Place the
  wedges on the prepared baking sheet and shape into crescents.  Brush
  with melted butter. Bake for about 15 minutes, until browned and
  bubbly.
  
  Nutritional info per serving: 465 cal; 9.3g pro, 60g carb, 22g fat
  (10.3%)
  
  Source: Miami Herald, 9/7/95 format: 8/7/96, LIsa Crawford
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CHEDDAR MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Cheese, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Shortening
    1/2 c  Sugar; granulated
      2 ea Eggs; lg
  1 1/2 c  Unbleached flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Oats; quick cooking
      1 c  Apples; finely chopped
    2/3 c  Cheddar; sharp coarse grate
    1/2 c  Pecans; chopped
    3/4 c  Milk
      1 x  Apple slices; *
      1 x  Butter; melted
      1 x  Cinnamon-sugar mixture
 
  *   You should have 12 to 15 thin slices of unpeeled red apple for
  this recipe. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++ ++++ Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Cream the
  shortening and sugar together and add the eggs, one at a time,
  beating well after each addition. Combine the flour, baking powder,
  baking soda, and salt in a mixing bowl, mix lightly.  Gradually stir
  the flour mixture into the shortening mixture.  In this order, add
  the oats cheddar and pecans, mixing well after each addition.
  Gradually add the milk, stirring until all the ingredients are just
  moistened. Grease the muffin pans and fill each cup 2/3rds full of
  batter. Dip the apple slices in the melted butter and then into the
  cinnamon-sugar.  Press 1 apple slice into the top of each muffin.
  Sprinkle lightly with cinnamon-sugar and bake for 25 minutes in the
  preheated oven, or until golden brown.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CHEDDAR SPREAD
 Categories: Breads, Spreads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 pk (8oz) cream cheese,
           Softened
      5 ts Milk or enough for spreading
           Consistency
      1 c  (4oz) shredded mild cheddar
           Cheese
    1/4 c  Finely chopped apple
    1/4 c  Finely chopped walnuts
    1/2 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
 
  Combine all ingredients until well blended. Makes 10 to 14 servings.
  
  The Best Bagels are made at home by Dona Z. Meilach
  
  ISBN 1-55867-131-5
  
  Carolyn Shaw April 1996 From: Homenet Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CHEDDAR TURNOVERS
 Categories: Apples, Turnovers, Pies & past
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      2 pk Dry Yeast
    1/4 c  Warm Water -- 110 to 115
           Deg
    1/3 c  Butter
    1/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Shredded Sharp Cheddar
           Cheese -- ( 2 oz)
      8 oz Sour Cream
      1    Egg -- beaten
  3 1/2    - 4 C Flour
  1 1/4 c  Apple Pie Filling
      1 c  Powdered Sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      1 ts Milk -- 1 - 2 tsp
 
  Soften yeast in warm water.  Heat butter, sugar, and 1 tsp salt just
  till warm (115 - 120 deg), strirring constantly. Add cheese, stirring
  until melted. Pour into a large mixingbowl; stir in sour cream and
  egg. Stir in 1 1/2 c flour; beat well. Stir in yeast. Add remaining
  flour. On a lightly floured surface, knead 2 minutes.  Cover; let
  rest 10 minutes. Roll half of the dough into a 12 inch square. Cut
  into nine 4-inch squares. Place about 1 tablespoon filling atop each
  square. Fold dough over to form triangle; seal edges. Place on
  greased baking sheets. Repeat with remaining dough. Cover; let rise
  in a warm place till double (20 minutes). Bake in 350 deg oven for 10
  to 12 minutes.  Remove to wirerack. Combine powdered sugar and
  vanilla.  Stir in milk to make of spreading consistency. Spread atop
  warm pastries. Makes 18
  
  Submitted to the WMMB by Shirley Nagel - Deerbrook, Wisconsin
  
  Recipe By     : Wisconsin Milk Marketing Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CHEESE ICE CREAM
 Categories: Desserts, Ice cream
      Yield: 2 Quarts
 
      5    Cooking apples peeled cored
      2 c  Cottage cheese
      1 c  Half and half
    1/2 c  Apple butter
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground cloves
      2    Eggs
 
  Chop apples into 1/8 to 1/4 inch pieces; set aside. In blender or food
  processor, combine 1 cup cottage cheese, 1/2 cup half and half, 1/4
  cup apple butter, 1/4 cup sugar, cinnamon, cloves and one egg. Blend
  until smooth.  Pour into a large bowl.  Repeat with remaining cottage
  cheese, half and half, apple butter and egg. Combine with previously
  pureed mixture. Stir in chopped apples. Pour into ice cream canister.
  Freeze in ice cream maker according to manufacturer's directions.
  Makes 2 quarts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CHEESE SOUP
 Categories: Soup, Chowder
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
  :          *bouquet garni:
        1 TB white peppercorns
        3    sprigs fresh thyme
        2    bay leaves
  :          (tied together in
  :          cheesecloth)
      1/4 c  peanut oil
        3 oz ham scraps -- and/or 1 ham
  :          bone
        1    stalk celery -- diced
        2    cloves garlic -- minced
        2    onions -- diced
        8    tart apples -- peel, core
  :          and
  :          quarter
  :          (Granny Smith)
        1 c  white port
        6 c  chicken broth
        4 sl bacon -- for garnish
  :          (apple- or hickory-smoked)
        1 sm red apple -- for garnish
  :          (such Red Delicious)
        1 sm tart green apple -- for
  :          garnish
  :          (as Granny Smith)
        1    lemon -- juiced
        4 TB unsalted butter -- softened
      1/4 c  all-purpose flour
    1 1/2 lb sharp Cheddar cheese --
  :          grated
  :          Salt -- to taste
  :          Tabasco -- to taste
  
  Cold weather soup, diced apples and cheese make it colorful. Easily
  made without the ham or bacon.  Use vegetable broth instead of the
  chicken stock.
  
  To make the soup, in a medium-sized saucepan heat the oil over
  medium-high heat. Add the ham scraps, if using, the celery, garlic,
  and onions and saute for about 4 minutes, or until the onions are
  translucent but not brown.
  
  Reduce the heat to medium and add the quartered apples. Cover and
  cook, stirring frequently, for abour 10 minutes or until the apples
  soften. Add the port and simmer for 5 minutesmore. Add the chicken
  stock, bouquet garni, and ham bone, if using. Reduce the heat to low
  and simmer, partially covered, for about 20 minutes, or until the
  flavors are well blended. Remove the bouquet garni.
  
  (The soup may be made a day or two in advance, up to this point. Cool
  and refrigerate. See detail 'A'.)
  
  Meanwhile in a small skillet, fry the bacon over medium heat for
  about 5 minutes, or until browned and crisp. Drain on paper towels.
  Cut into l inch dice and set aside.
  
  Leaving the skin on, cut the green and red apples into 1/8-inch dice
  to use for garnish. You will need about 2 tablespoons of each color.
  Put the diced apples in a small glass or ceramic bowl and sprinkle
  with 1 tablespoon of the lemon juice. Set aside.
  
  In a small bowl, knead the softened butter and flour together until
  smooth to make a beurre manie'. Whisk the mixture into the soup to
  thicken it. Cook for 5 minutes longer, stirring frequently.
  
  Add the grated cheese to the soup, stirring constantly, until it is
  melted.
  
  Strain the soup through a fine sieve into the top of double boiler
  set over gently boiling water to keep the soup hot. (Do not press too
  hard on the solids.) season with the remaining lemon juice and salt
  and Tabasco to taste. Ladle the soup into warm serving bowls and
  garnish with the diced apples and chopped bacon. Serve hot.
  
  Detail 'A' continued:  Add the Beurre manie and then the cheese and
  seasonings, when you reheat the soup for serving. Do not prepare the
  apple and bacon garnish until a few hours before serving. This soup
  can be completed up to 2 hours before serving, but keep it warm in
  the top half of a double boiler set over hot water. Do not simmer
  over direct heat after the cheese has been added or the soup will
  separate. Recipe By : Dean Fearing, Chef at Turtle Creek (1989)
  
  From: "L. Erickson" <lerickson@inet.Dmcdate: Mon, 14 Oct 1996 18:51:11
  ~0600
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CHICKEN SALAD-(MARINADED)
 Categories: Cyberealm, Salads, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------FROM LOIS FLACK---------------------------

MMMMM----------------CYBEREALM BBS (315)786-1120---------------------

MMMMM--------------------------MARINADE-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Frozen apple juice-
           -concentrate, thawed
      2 tb Salad oil
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 tb White wine vinegar
      1 ts Dried savory, crushed

MMMMM--------------------------CHICKEN-------------------------------
      4 md Skinless, boneless chicken
           -breast halves (12 ounces)

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
    3/4 c  Mayonnaise or salad dressing
    1/4 c  Apple juice concentrate
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper

MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      3 c  Torn romaine lettuce
      2 c  Torn red leaf lettuce
    1/2 c  Broken pecans or walnuts
    1/3 c  Red onion rings
      2 md Apples, cored & sliced
 
    *  NOTE:  This recipe needs to be prepared ahead of time! *
  
    For marinade: In a small bowl combine apple juice concentrate,
  salad oil, soy sauce, vinegar, and savory.
  
    For chicken: Place chicken breasts in a plastic bag in a shallow
  dish. Pour marinade over chicken.  Close bag. Refrigerate about 4
  hours, turning once.  Remove meat, reserving marinade. Pat chicken
  dry with paper towels.
  
    Place chicken on a rack of an unheated broiler pan. Broil about 4
  to 6 inches from heat for 8 to 10 minutes or till tender, brushing
  occasionally with reserved marinade. (Or grill chicken on an
  uncovered grill directly over medium-hot coals for 20 to 25 minutes
  or till tender, turning once.) Remove from heat. Cut chicken into
  strips. Cover and chill 2 to
       24    hours.
  
    For dressing:  In a small bowl combine mayonnaise or salad dressing,
  apple juice concentrate, salt and pepper.
  
    In a large bowl combine the romaine, red leaf lettuce, pecans or
  walnuts, and onion.  Divide salad greens among 4 dinner plates.
  Arrange chicken and apples over greens.  Drizzle salad dressing over
  salads.
  
    Makes 4 main-dish salads.
  
  Calories......705     Protein...31 g Carbohydrates..32.g Fat...52 g
  Cholesterol....98.mg Sodium...959 mg Potassium.....782.mg
  
  Source: Better Homes and Gardens, Summertime Cooking
  
  Typed for you by Lois Flack, CYBEREALM BBS, Watertown, NY.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CINNAMON BAKED FRENCH TOAST
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 lb Loaf French bread
           Nonstick cooking spray
      8 lg Eggs; slightly beaten
  3 1/2 c  Skim milk
      1 c  Sugar; divided
      1 tb Vanilla extract
      6 md Apples;peel/core/thin slice
      3 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 ts Ground nutmeg
      1 tb Butter
 
  1. Slice bread into 1 1/2-inch slices. Coat a 9-by-13-inch pan with
  nonstick cooking spray and tightly pack bread into pan.
  
  2. In a large bowl, stir together eggs, milk,  1/2 cup sugar and the
  vanilla. Pour half of the egg mixture over the bread slices.
  
  3. Evenly distribute apple slices over bread. Top with remaining egg
  mixture.
  
  4. In a small bowl combine remaining  1/2 cup sugar, the cinnamon and
  nutmeg. Sprinkle over apples. Dot with butter. Cover and refrigerate
  overnight.
  
  5. The next day, uncover pan and bake in a preheated 350-degree oven
  for 1 hour. Remove from oven and let stand for 10 to 15 minutes. Cut
  into squares and serve warm.
  
  from Joseph Stefanic, Oak Park, Illinois
  
  Source: Chicago Sun Times, August 7, 1996
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CINNAMON SCONES
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/3 c  Margarine
      1 sm Apple, peeled and cored
      1 c  Quick-cooking rolled oats
      2    Egg whites
      2 tb Apple juice or skim milk
      2 tb Honey
           Skim milk
 
  Combine the flours, baking powder, and cinnamon in a bowl. Cut in the
  margarine until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Chop the apple.
  Stir in the apple and rolled oats. Add the egg whites, apple juice or
  milk, and honey; mix well.  The dough will be sticky.
  
  Spray a baking sheet with nonstick coating.  Pat dough into a 7-inch
  circle on the baking sheet with floured hands. Use a long,
  thin-bladed spatula to cut into 12 wedges. Separate the wedges,
  leaving 1/4 inch between them. Brush with a little skim milk. Bake in
  a 400 F oven until golden, 10 to 12 minutes.  Serve warm.
  
  Makes 12 scones.
  
  ORANGE-CINNAMON SCONES.  Prepare the Apple-Cinnamon Scones as above,
  except stir 1 teaspoon finely shredded orange peel into the flour
  mixture and substitute 1/2 cup currants for the apple and 3
  tablespoons orange juice for the apple juice.  Shape and bake as
  directed.
  
  NUTRITION INFORMATION PER SCONE: CAlories: 126 Protein: 3 g
  Carbohydrates: 16 g   Fat: 6 g Cholesterol: 0 Sodium: 107 mg
  Potassium: 70 mg Fiber:
        1    APPLE WAFFLES
  
  [ BETTER HOMES & GARDENS; June 1988 ]
  
  Posted by Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CINNAMON SWIRL LOAF
 Categories: Breads, Cakes, Fruits
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 pk Active dry yeast
  1 1/4 c  Very warm water
      1    Egg
      1 pk 1-layer-size white cake mix
      1 ts Salt
  3 3/4 c  Flour
  2 1/2 c  Apples,chopped and peeled
    1/3 c  Sugar
    1/3 c  Pecans, chopped
      2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Butter, melted

MMMMM--------------------CONFECTIONER'S ICING-------------------------
           Light cream
      1 c  Confectioner's sugar, sifted
    1/2 ts Vanilla
        ds Salt
 
  In bowl dissolve yeast in 1-1/4 cups warm water(115-120 F) Add egg,
  cake mix and salt, beat until smooth. By hand, stir in enough flour
  to make a soft dough. Knead on floured surface until smooth ( dough
  will be sticy ) Place in greased bowl; turn once. Cover, let rise
  until doubled in bulk, 1-1/4 hours.
    Punch down, divide in half. Cover, let rest 10 minutes.
    Mix apples, sugar, pecans and cinnamon. Roll half of dough to 12x8"
  rectangle. Brush surface of dough with some of the butter. Sprinkle
  with half of the apple mixture. Starting a short end, roll as for
  jelly roll. Seal side and ends. Place in a greased 8-1/2x4-1/2x2-1/2"
  loaf pan. Brush top with more butter. Repeat with remaining dough,
  filling and butter. Cover, let rise in warm place until doubled (1
  hour)
    Bake in 375 F oven for 30-35 minutes. remove from pans; cool.
  Drizzle with Confectioner's icing ( recipe follows) Sprinkle with
  chopped pecans if desired. Makes two.
    CONFECTIONER'S ICING:Blend enough light cream into 1 cup sifted
  confectioner's sugar to make of spreading consistancy. Blend in
  vanilla and salt.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CINNAMON-WHOLE-WHEAT-OATMEAL BREAD
 Categories: Digest, Mar95
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/3 c  Apple juice
      2 tb Orange juice concentrate
      1 tb Honey
  1 1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/3 c  Diced apple
    1/4 c  Wheat gluten
  3 1/4 c  Whole-wheat flour
    1/2 c  Oats (I used quick)
      3 ts Yeast
 
  Mix in the order recommended by your breadmaker.  This uses the
  powdered-milk white/wheat setting on the Black & Decker. This makes a
  good-sized loaf, and it has a lovely aroma. The apple pieces are
  indistinguishable at the end (the bread maker must blend them up).
  
  Source: my adaptations from the cookbook that came with the machine.
  
  Posted by Lois Patterson <lois@helix.net> to the Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 16 Issue 2] Mar. 6, 1995.
  
  Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen
  Mintzias, km@salata.com.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-COCONUT PIE
 Categories: Desserts, Pies
      Yield: 1 Pie (10")
 
  3 1/2 c  Apples, tart; thinly sliced
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour, all-purpose
    1/2 ts Salt
  3 1/2 oz Coconut, flaked
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      2 tb Margarine

MMMMM--------------------CREAM CHEESE PASTRY-------------------------
      1 c  Margarine; softened
      6 oz Cream cheese; softened
      2 c  Flour, all-purpose
        ds Salt
 
  Line a 10" piepan with half the pastry rolled 1/8" thick.
  
  Arrange apples in unbakes pie shell.  Combine sugar, flour, and salt;
  sprinkle over apples, mixing well. Cover with coconut, sprinkle
  vanilla over top, and dot with margarine.
  
  Roll out remaining pastry, and place over filling; seal and flute
  edges. Cut slits in top to allow steam to escape. Bake at 400 degrees
  for 10 minutes; reduce heat to 300 degrees and bake an additional 35
  to 40 minutes.
  
  Cream Cheese Pastry: Combine margarine and cream cheese; mix well.
  Cut in flour and salt iwht pastry blender. Shape dough into a ball;
  chill. Yield: enough pastry for double crust 10" pie.
  
  SOURCE: Southern Living Magazine, March 1974. Typos by Nancy Coleman.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-COTTAGE CHEESE PANCAKES
 Categories: Breakfast, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Pancakes
 
      1 c  Lowfat cottage cheese
      3 lg Eggs - separated
      3 tb Butter - melted
      1 c  Peeled, cored chopped apples
      6 tb Flour
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
           Oil as needed
           OPTIONAL INGREDIENTS
      3 c  Applesauce
           Cinnamon sugar
           Apple Cider Syrup see below
 
  Combine cottage cheese, egg yolks and butter in large bowl and stir to
  blend. Add chopped apples, flour, sugar and salt; stir to combine.
  Whisk or beat egg whites in separate bowl until soft peaks form.
  Using rubber spatula, gently fold into batter. Batter will be very
  stiff.
      Heat nonstick griddle or skillet over medium heat until hot
  enough to sizzle drop of water. Brush with thin film of oil. Drop
  batter onto griddle from 1/4C dry measure and spread batter with back
  of cup to make pancakes that are 4 inches in diameter. Cook pancakes
  over medium-low heat until bubbles cover surface and bottoms are
  lightly browned. Carefully turn and lightly brown other side, about 6
  minutes total cooking time.
       Sprinkle warm pancakes with cinnamon sugar and serve with warm
  applesauce and/or Apple cider syrup.
  
  Apple Cider Syrup 1/2C Sugar, 2Tb Cornstarch, 2C apple cider, 1
  cinnamon stick, nutmeg to taste. Combine sugar and cornstarch in
  saucepan and stir until well combined. Gradually stir in apple cider
  until blended. Add cinnamon sitck and bring to boil over medium-high
  heat. Cover and cook over low heat 10 minutes. Remove from heat,
  grate a little nutmeg into syrup. Makes about 2 cups.
  
  Both recipes from Ft. Lauderdale Sun Sentinel Feb. 6,
     1997    Typed for you by Kim Reese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CRANBERRY BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Abm, Fat-free, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
  1 1/2 ts Yeast
    1/2 ts Salt
  2 1/2 c  Bread flour
    1/2 c  Multi-grain oatmeal
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon
      3 tb Molasses
      2 tb Apple butter
      1 c  Water
    1/2 c  Diced apple
    1/2 c  Cranberry

MMMMM-------------------1-1/2 POUND (12 SLICES------------------------
  2 1/2 ts Yeast
    3/4 ts Salt
  3 1/3 c  Bread flour
    2/3 c  Multi-grain oatmeal
      2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Molasses
      3 tb Apple butter
  1 1/3 c  Water
    3/4 c  Diced apple
    3/4 c  Cranberry
 
  Add ingredients in the order suggested by the bread machine
  manufacturer and follow baking instructions provided in the manual.
  
  Source: "Recipes for Fat-Free Living: Breads for Bread Machines" by
  Jyl Steinback; 1996. MM format by Mary Ann Young
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CRANBERRY CASSEROLE
 Categories: Dessert, Fruit, Apple, Cranberry
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------
      3 c  Granny smith apples
      2 c  Raw cranberries
      1 c  Sugar

MMMMM----------------------------MIX---------------------------------
      1 c  Quick cooking oat meal
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Chopped pecans
           (more if preferred)
      1    Stick of margarine
 
  Peel and dice the apples. Spread applies & cranberries in bottom of a
  2 quart casserole dish. Spread dry ingredients over apples &
  cranberries. Shave one stick of margarine over the top. Bake 1 hour
  at 325 degrees.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CRANBERRY CHUTNEY
 Categories: Relishes
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 c  Peeled, Chopped Rome
           Apples (About 2 Medium)
      1 c  Cranberries
    1/4 c  Golden Raisins
      2 tb Brown Sugar
      1 tb Grated Orange Rind
      2 tb Cider Vinegar
    1/4 ts Ground Cloves
    1/4 ts Ground Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ground Cinnamon
 
  Combine All Ingredients in A Nonaluminum Saucepan. Place Over High
  Heat. Bring To A Boil, Stir Constantly. Reduce Heat & Simmer
  Uncovered 15 Min. OR Until Apples Are Tender.  Remove From Heat & Let
  Cool. With Knife Blade in Processor, Add Cranberry Mixture. Process,
  Pulsing 1 OR 2 Times Until Combined.  Place in A Medium Bowl. Cover&
  Chill.
   (Fat 0.  Chol. 0.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CRANBERRY COBBLER
 Categories: Cobblers, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 7 Servings
 
      3 c  Sliced apple
      1 c  Fresh or frozen cranberries
      1 c  Sliced pear
      2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Chopped pitted fresh dates
      1 tb Arrowroot powder
    1/4 ts Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Maple syrup
  1 1/2 c  Rolled oats
    1/4 ts Vanilla
    3/4 c  Apple juice
      1 ts Nutmeg
 
  Apples, tangy cranberries, and pears under a granola-type crust can be
  served in small glass bowls for an inviting holiday meal conclusion.
  
  1. Preheat oven to 375 degrees. In a shallow baking dish, combine
  apples, cranberries, and pears. 2. In a blender puree cinnamon,
  dates, arrowroot, lemon juice, and maple syrup, and pour over apple
  mixture. 3. Combine oats, vanilla, apple juice, and nutmeg and mix
  with your fingers or a wooden spoon until the apple juice is
  distributed evenly. Sprinkle topping over apples. 4. Bake until
  bubbly and slightly browned (about 40 minutes). (160 calories per
  serving)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-CRANBERRY CRISP AMANDINE - DALEY
 Categories: Desserts, Low-fat/low, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      8    Apples, peeled -- cored and
           Sliced
    1/4 c  Cranberries
    1/2 c  Honey
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Allspice
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
      3 tb Water
           TOPPING-----
  1 1/2 c  Oats
    1/2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/4 c  Almonds -- sliced
    1/4 c  Barley malt
      2 tb Honey
 
  1. Heat oven to 350F.  Lightly coat 13x9-inch baking dish with
  vegetable cooking spray.
  
  2. Combine apple slices, cranberries, honey, cinnamon, allspice and
  lemon juice in large bowl.  Transfer to prepare baking dish and
  sprinkle with water.
  
  3. Make topping: Combine oats, flour, and almonds in medium bowl.
  Stir in barley malt and honey until completely moistened.
  
  4. With fingertips, spread topping over apples as thin as possible.
  Spray a piece of foil with cooking spray; cover baking dish and bake
  45 minutes, then bake uncovered 15 minutes more. Serve warm or at
  room temp.
  
  Recipe By     : Rosie Daley
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-DAPPLE LOAF
 Categories: Apples, Breads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
           -----loreli aguda wskd49a---
    1/4 c  Shortening
      1 ts Soda
    2/3 c  Sugar
      1 ts Salt
      2    Eggs
      2 c  Raw apples; grated
      2 c  All purpose flour
    1/2 c  Nuts; chopped
      1 ts Baking powder
 
  Beat shortening, sugar and eggs together until light and fluffy. Sift
  dry ingredients together; add alternately with grated apples. Add
  nuts. The batter will be stiff. Turn into greased and floured loaf
  pan. Bake at 350~ for about 1 hour.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-FENNEL SALAD WITH FUSILLI
 Categories: Vegetarian, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Vinegar, red wine
  1 1/2 tb Olive oil
      1 tb Apple juice concentrate,
           -frozen; thawed
  1 1/2 ts Thyme, dried
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper

MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      8 oz Pasta, fusilli, uncooked
      3    Apples, Mcintosh; cored and
           -diced
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 lb Fennel; trimmed and thinly
           -sliced (about 1 cup)
      1 sm Lettuce head, Boston
 
   Dressing: In a small bowl, combine all dressing ingredients. Mix
  well.
  
   Salad:  Boil pasta in salted water until cooked al dente, about 10
  minutes. Drain and set aside. In a medium bowl, toss apples and lemon
  juice. Stir in fennel and toss well.Combine pasta and apple-fennel
  mx\ixture in a medium serving bowl. Add dressing and toss well. Serve
  on a bed of lettuce. Serves 4.
  
   Per serving: 288 cal; 5 g port; 7 g fat; 53 g carb; 0 chol; 341 mg
  sod; 6 g fiber
  
   From the files of DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-GINGER CHUTNEY
 Categories: Condiments
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 lb Tart apples
           -peel/core/finely chop
      2 c  Brown sugar; packed
  2 1/2 c  Cider vinegar
  1 1/2 tb Salt
  1 1/2 ts Ground ginger
      1 ts Ground allspice
      1 ts Ground cloves
      1    Green peppers; finely chop
      1 md Onion; finely chop
    1/2 c  Preserved ginger in syrup
           -finely chop
    1/2 c  Golden raisins
           Grated peeled and juice
           Of 1/2 lemon
 
  In pan bring 1st seven ingredients to boil. Simmer 10 minutes. Add
  rest of ingredients and cook for l hour. Ladle into prepared jars and
  process. Give 1 month to mature.
  
  Source: Judith Piper
  
  From the MM database of Judi M. Phelps. jphelps@slip.net or
  jphelps@best.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-GINGER SCONES
 Categories: Bisquick, Breads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 c  Bisquick
    1/2 c  Apple; chopped, peeled
      3 tb Brown sugar
    1/4 ts Ginger
    1/3 c  Milk
      1    Egg; or 2 egg whites
           -or 1/4 c egg substitute
           Milk
           Sugar
 
  Heat oven to 425F.  Grease cookie sheet.  Mix bisquick, apple, brown
  sugar, ginger, milk and egg until dough forms. Knead 10 times.
  
  Pat dough into 8 inch wide circle on cookie sheet. Brush with milk.
  Sprinkle with sugar.  Cut into 8 wedges.
  
  Bake about 14 minutes or untl golden brown.  Serve warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-GLAZED ROAST PORK
 Categories: Try it, Pork, Crockpot
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------RIVAL CROCK-POT COOKING-----------------------
      4 lb Pork loin roast
      6 ea Apples
    1/4 c  Apple juice
      3 tb Sugar, brown
      1 ts Ginger, ground
 
  Rub roast with salt and pepper.  Brown pork roast under broiler to
  remove excess fat; drain well.
  
  Core and quarter apples.  Place apple quarters in bottom of crockpot.
  Place roast on top of apples. Combine apple juice, brown sugar, and
  ginger. Spoon over top surface of roast, moistening well.  Cover and
  cook on Low 10-12 hours, until done.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-GLAZED ROAST PORK- CROCKPOT
 Categories: Meat, Miscellaneo, Pork & ham
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 lb Pork loin roast -- trimmed
    1/4 c  Apple juice
           Salt to taste
      3 tb Brown sugar
           Pepper to taste
      1 ts Ground ginger
      6    Apples -- quartered
 
  Procedures: 1. Rub roast with salt and pepper. Brown port roast under=
  broiler to remove excess fat; drain well. 2. Place apple quarters in
  bottom= of crockpot. Place roast on top of Apples. 3. Combine apple
  juice, brown= sugar, and ginger. Spoon over top surface of roast,
  moistening well. 4. Cover and cook on Low setting for 10 to 12 hours
  or until done.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  NOTES : Use natural, non-sweetened apple juice in this. Nutr. Assoc.
  : 4580 0 0 0 0 0 0
  
  Recipe By     : "Rival Crock-Pot Cooking"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-GO-ROUND
 Categories: Apples, Desserts, Diabetic
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Apple (firm)
    1/4 c  Orange juice
      1 ts Lemon juice
      1 tb Raisins
      1 tb Celery
      2 tb Applesauce
      1    Lettuce leaf (optional)
 
  Slice off top of apple;  remove core.  Prick outside with sharp fork.
  Place apple in tall narrow bowl. Combine orange and lemon juice; pour
  over apple. (Add extra water if apple is not covered.) Marinate in
  refrigerator 4-5 hours.  Combine raisins, celery, and applesauce.
  Allow to mellow at room temperature 2 hours. Chill thoroughly. Drain
  apple. Cut apple into 8 sections, slicing almost to the bottom.  Fill
  with applesauce mixture. Place on crisp lettuce leaf. 1 serving = 2
  fruit calories = 54 Pat Empson 05/21 07:13 am
         FOOD AND WINE BB TOPIC: FOOD SOFTWARE TIME: 05/21 7:34 AM
  
  TO:      PAT EMPSON   (PFXX29A) FROM: PAT EMPSON (PFXX29A) SUBJECT:
  MM-MORE APPLES
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-GRAPE OR PINEAPPLE CONCENTRATE SWEETENE
 Categories: Jams/jelly, Condiments
      Yield: 2 Cups
 
           APPLE-GRAPE SWEETENER:
     12 oz Can frozen apple juice
           Concentrate, defrosted
     12 oz Can frozen grape juice
           Concentrate, defrosted
           PINEAPPLE SWEETENER:
     12 oz Can frozen pineapple juice
           Concentrate, defrosted
 
  1. For the apple-grape sweetener: In a large saucepan, combine the
  apple and grape juice concentrates.  Bring to a boil, reduce the heat
  slightly and cook at a low boil 15 to 20 minutes. Measure; you should
  have about 2 cups.  Transfer to a jar and cool.  Cover and
  refrigerate.
  
  2. For the pineapple sweetener: Pour the pineapple juice concentrate
  into a medium saucepan.  Bring to a boil; reduce the heat slightly,
  and cook at a low boil 15 to 20 minutes. Measure; you should have
  about 1 cup. Transfer to a jar and cool.  Cover and refrigerate.
  
  3. The sweeteners will have a 2-week shelf life in refrigeration.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-GRAPE OR PINEAPPLE CONCENTRATE SWEETENE
 Categories: Canning
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
           Apple-grape sweetener:
      1    12 oz. can apple juice
           -concentrate, thawed
      1    12 oz. can grape juice
           -concentrate, thawed
           Pineapple sweetener:
      1    12 oz. can pineapple juice
           -concentrate, thawed
 
    For the apple-grape sweetener: In a large saucepan, combine the
  apple and grape juice concentrates.  Bring to a boil, reduce the heat
  slightly and cook at a low boil 15 to 20 minutes. Measure; you should
  have about 2 cups. Transfer to a jar and cool.  Cover and
  refrigerate. For the pineapple sweetener: Pour the pineapple juice
  concentrate into a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil; reduce the heat
  slightly, and cook at a low boil 15 to 20 minutes.  Measure; you
  should have about 1 cup. Transfer to a jar and cool. Cover and
  refrigerate. Can refrigerate up to 2 weeks.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-HAZELNUT MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Hazelnuts, grounded in
           -blender to a coarse flour
    1/2 c  All-purpose flour
      2 tb Baking powder
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
      2 tb Unsalted butter, melted and
           -cooled
    1/2 c  Warm milk
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 pn Of salt
    1/2 c  Chopped dried apples
 
  Preheat oven to 350F. Combine hazelnuts, flour, baking powder and
  sugar. Add egg, butter, milk, vanilla, salt and apples. Let stand 10
  minutes. Fill 4 cups of a nonstick muffin pan (or regular muffin pan
  with paper liners) with the batter. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, until a
  toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
  
  From the cookbook "Apples" by Robert Berkley
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-HONEY CUSTARD PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Pie
 
      1    9 inch pie shell, unbaked
      2 c  Peeled, sliced apples (any
           Kind except Red Delicious)
      4 lg Eggs
    3/4 c  Honey
      1 c  Yogurt
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Spread apple slices evenly over pie shell.  Combine remaining
  ingredients in the blender, and turn at high speed for several
  seconds. Pour custard over apples in pie shell. Sprinkle on some nuts
  (walnuts or almonds recommended), if desired.  Bake 45 minutes in 375
  F oven, or until sold when jiggled.  Sprinkle top of pie with chopped
  nuts (optional). Cool at least to room temperature before cutting.
  
  Optional:  Replace apples with sliced fresh peaches or pitted, halved
  fresh black cherries
  
  NOTE: You may replace honey with maple syrup
  
  FROM: The Moosewood Cookbook by Mollie Katzen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-LOVAGE CHUTNEY
 Categories: Preserves, Relishes, Herbs
      Yield: 6 Half-pints
 
      6 c  Apples, cored and chopped
      1 c  Lovage, fresh
      1 md Sweet red pepper, cored,
           Seeded and chopped
      1 md Red tomato, cored, peeled,
           Chopped
      1 md Green tomato, cored, chopped
      1 md Onion, peeled and chopped
      3    Garlic cloves, minced
      1 c  Golden raisins
    1/4 c  Fresh ginger, peeled, minced
      1 c  Light brown sugar, packed
      1 c  White wine vinegar
      1 tb Mustard seeds
      1 ts Celery seeds
 
  Combine all ingredients in non-reactive pan. Bring to boil over
  med-high heat, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to med-low and
  simmer, uncovered, stirring frequently, for 45 mins, or until
  thickened.
  
  Prepare jars, lids and boiling water bath. Fill jars with hot mixture,
  leaving 1/4 inch headspace. Wipe rims with clean towel and attach lids
  securely.
  
  Place jars in boiling water bath, and when the water returns to the
  boil, process for 15 mins.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-MAPLE-CARAMEL-CREAM PIE
 Categories: 
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1    Single pie crust
      2 tb Lightly salted butter
      2 lb Golden delicious apples --
           Peel/core/sliced
    1/2 c  Light brown sugar -- packed
      1 cn Evaporated milk
      1    Egg yolk
    1/3 c  Maple syrup
      2 tb Cornstarch
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 c  Heavy cream
      1 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
 
  Roll pastry on well-floured board into 12-inch circle. Brush off any
  excess flour. Transfer to 9-inch pie pan; trim to 1/2-inch overhang.
  Crimp to form stand-up edge. Prick bottom of dough all over with
  fork. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes.
  
  Heat oven to 450.  Line dough with aluminum foil; fill with dried
  beans or pie weights. Bake for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to
  350. Bake for 10 minutes more. Remove foil and beans. Bake until
  crust is golden, about 15 minutes. Cool on rack.
  
  Heat butter in large skillet.  Add apples and sugar; cook, stirring,
  until apples are very tender and thickely glazed, 15-20 minutes. Cool
  to room temperature.
  
  Heat milk in saucepan until bubbles appear around edge of pan. Whisk
  yolk, syrup, cornstarch and vanilla in bowl until smooth. Gradually
  whisk in milk. Return mixture to saucepan. Stir over low heat until
  thickened. Remove saucepan from heat; whisk for 1 minute.
  
  Spoon apples into crust.  Top with hot maple mixture; smooth top.
  Cool to room temperature.  Refrigerate until custard is firm, about
  1hour. Beat cream in bowl until soft peaksform. Beat in sugar and
  cinnamon until firm peaks form. To serve, decorate with whipped cream.
  
  Recipe By     : Family Circle 9/17/96
  
  From: Carol Taillon <taillon@access.Moudate: Thu, 31 Oct 1996 16:25:01
  ~0500 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-MOLASSES BREAD
 Categories: Quick bread
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs
      2 c  Flour, all-purpose
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cinnamon, ground
    1/4 ts Nutmeg, ground
      1 c  Applesauce
    1/4 c  Dark molasses (treacle)
      1 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Nuts, chopped
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  In a large bowl, cream butter and
  sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well
  after each addition.
  
  Combine flour, baking powder, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg; set aside.
  Combine applesauce and molasses.
  
  Add dry ingredients alternately with applesauce mixture to egg
  mixture. Fold in raisins and nuts. Pour into a greased 9 1/4 x 5 1/4
  x 2 3/4 inch loaf pan. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 1 hour, or until a
  toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes,
  remove from pan and continue cooling on a wire rack.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  A simple, fragrant, apple-nut raisin bread -- I found this recipe
  on the back of a label for a baking loaf pan. It is easy to make and
  because of the molasses it is very fragrant while baking. Yield: 1
  large loaf.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  15 minutes preparation, 1 hour baking, 30 minutes cooling.
  : Precision:  measure the ingredients.
  
  : Lou Ann Puetz
  : Tektronix Inc.  (CAE Systems Division), Santa Clara, California, USA
  : {hplabs,amdcad,decwrl}!cae780!louann
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-MUSTARD GLAZE
 Categories: Glazes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 pk Apple jelly(11oz)
    1/3 c  White wine,dry
      3 tb Green onions,minced
      3 tb Mustard,prepared
  1 1/2 ts Salt
    3/4 ts Curry powder
    1/2 ts Pepper,cracked
 
  1. In 1-quart saucepan over medium heat, cook jelly, wine, green
  onions, mustard, salt, curry powder, and pepper 5 minutes to melt
  jelly and blend flavors.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-NUT BREAD
 Categories: Apples, Breads
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
           -----loreli aguda wskd49a---
      2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Salad oil
      4    Eggs; beaten
    1/4 c  Commercial sour cream
      4 c  All purpose flour
      2 c  Apples; peeled and chopped
      2 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Pecans; chopped
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Gradually add sugar to eggs; beat until light and fluffy. Combine dry
  ingredients; add to sugar mixture alternately with oil and sour cream,
  beating well after each addition. Stir in apples, pecans and vanilla.
  Spoon batter into 2 greased and floured 9x5x3 inch loaf pans. Bake at
  350~ for 1 hour or until toothpick inserted in center comes out
  clean. Let cool in pans 5 minutes; turn out on wire racks to finish
  cooling.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-NUT FILLING
 Categories: Crocker, Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Chopped apples
    1/3 c  Packed brown sugar
      1 tb All-purpose flour
      2 tb Margarine or butter
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/8 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Finely chopped nuts
 
  Cook all ingredients except nuts over medium heat, stirring
  constantly, until apples are tender, 3 to 4 minutes; stir in nuts.
  
  Source: Betty Crocker's Cookbook, 6th Edition
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-NUT PANCAKES
 Categories: Breakfast
      Yield: 10 Pancakes
 
      1    Egg
      1 c  Milk
      2 tb Oil or melted margarine
  1 1/4 c  Flour
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 tb Sugar
    1/2 tb Salt
    1/2 c  Walnuts
      1 c  Peeled apple/cubes
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Cloves
 
  Preheat griddle, 350F (180C) or medium high. Put all ingredientes in
  the process at MIX until batter is almost smooth.
  
  Bake on lightly greased griddle until nicely browned. Turn only once.
  Yield: 10-12 pancakes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-NUT POUND CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 ea Eggs
      2 ts Baking soda
  1 1/2 c  Oil
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Diced apples
      3 c  Flour
      1 c  Walnuts
      2 c  Sugar
 
   Beat eggs.  Add oil, vanilla & dry ingredients.  Fold in apples &
  walnuts. Bake in greased & floured tube pan at 350 for 1 1/4 hrs.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-OAT BRAN SCONES - COUNTRY COOKING
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 8 Scones
 
      3 c  Unsifted all-purpose flour
      1 c  Oat or wheat-bran flaked
           -cereal
      4 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
    1/4 c  Firmly packed light-brown
           -sugar
      1 lg Egg
      1 lg Red baking apple, cored
           -and coarsely chopped with
           -skin on
      1 tb Butter, melted
           Additional ground cinnamon
           -for topping (opt.)
 
  1. Heat oven to 425'F. Grease large baking sheet. In large bowl,
  combine flour, cereal, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. 2. In
  medium-size bowl, beat together milk, oil, sugar, and egg. Add to dry
  ingredients along with chopped apple; mix lightly with fork until
  mixture clings together and forms a soft dough. 3. Turn dough out
  onto lightly floured surface and knead gently 5 or 6 times. Divide
  dough in half. With lightly floured rolling pin, roll one half of
  dough into a 7-inch round. Cut into 4 wedges. Repeat with remaining
  half of dough. 4. Place scones, 1 inch apart, on greased baking
  sheet. Pierce tops with tines of fork. Brush tops with melted butter
  and sprinkle with additional cinnamon, if desired. 5. Bake scones 15
  to 18 minutes or until golden brown. Serve warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-ONION PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3    Sweet delicious apples,
           Peeled, cored and sliced
      2    Vidalia onions, peeled and
           Thinly sliced
      3 tb Butter
      1 c  Water
      1    Chicken bouillon cube
      1 c  Graham cracker crumbs
           Salt (to taste if apples
           Are tart)
 
  Peel, core and slice apples into 1/4 inch slices. Peel and thinly
  slice onions. Layer the onion slices in a buttered 9 1/2 inch pyrex
  pie plate. Put a layer of apples on onion slices, another layer of
  onions, ending with apples. Pour one cup of bouillon over the layers,
  then sprinkle cracker crumbs on top. Drizzle melted butter over the
  crumbs. Bake in oven at 350 degrees for 30 minutes or until top has
  browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-ORANGE SPICE MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Baking soda
      1    Dash Salt, nutmeg, & cloves
    1/3 c  Instant nonfat dry milk powd
      2 tb Plus 2 tsp. margarine
      1 tb Plus 1 tsp. Fimrly packed
      1    Brown sugar
      1    Large egg, separated
      2    Sm. pared, grated applies
      2 tb Raisins
      1 tb Plus 1 tsp. frz. concen.
           Apple juice (no sugar added)
      1    Grated orange peel
      1    Dash cream of tartar
 
  Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.  Into small bowl sift together flour,
  baking powder, cinnamon, baking soda, salt, nutmeg and cloves; stir
  in milk powder and set aside. In mixing bowl cream margarine with
  sugar; add egg yolk and, using electric mixer on medium speed, beat
  until thick and creamy. Add apples, raisins, juice, and orange peel
  and stir to combine; add flour mixture and beat until well blended.
  In separate bowl, using clean beaters and mixer on high speed, beat
  egg white with cream of tartar until stiff but not dry; fold into
  batter. Spray eight 2 1/2 inch diameter nonstick muffin pan cups with
  nonstick cooking spray; spoon 1/8 of batter into each sprayed cup
  (each will be about 2/3 full) and partially fill remaining cups with
  water (this will prevent pan from burning and/or warping). Bake 20 to
  25 minutes (until cake tester, inserted in center, comes out clean).
  Remove pan from oven and carefully drain off water (remember, it will
  be boiling hot); remove muffins to wire rack and let cool. Makes 4
  servings of 2 MUFFINS EACH!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PEANUT BUTTER FUDGE
 Categories: Pnut butter, Chocolate, Fudge, Candies
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      6 oz Semisweet chocolate pieces
    1/2    Marshmallow fluff jar
    1/2 c  Peanut butter
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 c  Sugar
    2/3 c  Apple juice
           Chopped peanuts (opt.)
 
  Mix semisweet chocolate pieces, half jar marshmallow fluff, peanut
  butter and vanilla. Set aside. In buttered heavy 2-quart saucepan,
  mix sugar and apple juice. Cook and stir until sugar dissolves and
  mixture boils. Cook to soft-ball stage or until candy thermometer
  registers 240 F, stir frequently. remove from heat, quickly add
  marshmallow mixture. stir until just blended. Pour into buttered 9"
  square baking pan. top fudge with chopped peanuts, if desired. cool.
  Cut into squares. Makes 3 dozen 1-1/2 inch pieces.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PEAR BUTTER
 Categories: Desserts, Jams
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 lb Juicy, tart apples
      4 lb Pears
      1 c  Orange juice
    1/4    To 1/2 C. water, if desired
      2 tb Grated orange peel
    2/3 c  Sugar
 
  Apple-Pear Butter Serving Size
  : Keywords
  : Preserves                   Canning Pears Canning
  
  Qty       Measurement      Preparation
  :        Ingredient *---*
  
  Wash 8 pint, five 1-1/2 pine or 4 quart jars in hot soapy water;
  rinse. Keep hot until needed.  Prepare lids as manufacturer directs.
  Wash apples and pears. Place in a 6-quart pot. Pour orange juice over
  fruit; cover. Stirring occasionally, cook over low heat until fruit
  is tender. If mixture is too dry, add 1/4 to 1/2 cup water as mixture
  cooks. Press through a food mill or sieve into a large bow; discard
  seeds and skins. Return puree to pot.  Stir in orange peel and sugar.
  Stirring constantly over medium heat, bring to a boil. Ladle into 1
  hot jar at a time, leaving 1/2 inch headspace.  Release trapped air.
  Wipe rim of jar with a clean damp cloth. Attach lid.  Place in
  canner. Fill and close remaining jars. Process in a boilinb-water
  bath.  Pints 20 minutes, 1-1/2 pints or quarts,
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PECAN MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins, Apples
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/8 ts Salt
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
      1 lg Egg
      2 tb Fresh lemon juice
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla extract
    3/4 ts Grated lemon peel
      2 c  Green apples; coarsely
           Grated peeled (abt 2 lg)
    1/2 c  Chopped toasted pecans
           (about 2 ounces)
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease 1/2-cup muffin cups. Sift all
  purpose flour, baking soda, ground cinnamon and salt into medium
  bowl. Combine sugar, oil, egg, lemon juice, vanilla and lemon peel in
  large bowl; whisk to blend. Mix in dry ingredients, then apples and
  pecans. Spoon 1/3 cup batter into each prepared muffin cup. Bake
  until tester inserted into centers comes out clean, about 35 minutes.
  Turn muffins out onto rack; cool slightly. Serve warm. (Makes about
  12)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PECAN SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 pk Gelatin,lemon-flavored (3oz)
  1 1/4 c  Water,boiling
    1/2 c  Sour cream
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
      1 tb Sugar
      1 tb Lemon juice
      2 c  Apples,tart,peeled/chopped
  1 1/4 c  Pecans,chopped
      1 pk Gelatin,orange-flavored (8oz
      1 c  Water,boiling
    3/4 c  Apple juice,canned
 
  1. Dissolve lemon gelatin in 1-1/4 cups boiling water; cool slightly.
  Combine sour cream, mayonnaise, sugar, and lemon juice. Blend mixture
  into lemon gelatin. Chill until slightly thickened, about 1 hour -
  and fold in apples and pecans.
  2. Meanwhile, dissolve orange gelatin in 1 cup boiling water. Add
  apple juice. Pour 2/3 cup of liquid into a 6-cup ring mold. Chill
  until set but not firm, about 30 minutes. Chill remaining orange
  gelatin mixture until slightly thickened.
  3. Spoon lemon gelatin mixture over orange gelatin in mold and top
  with remaining orange gelatin. Chill until firm - at least 4 hours
  but overnight if possible to insure a very firm salad and one that
  will unmold easily.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PECAN SALAD FILLING FOR CRANBERRY MOLDS
 Categories: Christmas, Salads, Desserts
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      2 c  Apples,peeled/chopped
      1 ts Lemon juice
    1/2 c  Celery,thinly sliced
      1 c  Pecans,coarsely chopped
    1/4 c  Mayonnaise
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Heavy cream,whipped
 
  1. Combine apples, lemon juice, celery, pecans, mayonnaise, and salt;
  stir to blend. Cover and refrigerate until about 1 hour before
  serving. Fold in whipping cream. Return salad to refrigerator until
  time to serve.
  2. Makes sufficient salad to fill 2 6-cup cranberry molds, with
  enough left over to surround mold with salad.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PECAN STUFFING
 Categories: Holiday
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Butter or margarine
    2/3 c  Diced onion
    2/3 c  Diced celery
      3 c  Diced day-old bread
      3 c  Diced apples
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Black pepper
    1/8 ts Ground sage
    1/8 ts Ground marjoram
    1/8 ts Ground thyme
    1/2 ts Dried parsley flakes
    1/2 c  Chopped pecans
    1/2 c  Water
 
  Melt 1/4 cup butter in skillet. Add onion and celery and cook until
  tender. Add to bread. Melt 2 tablespoons butter in skillet. Stir in
  apples. Cook until golden. Add apples to bread mixture. Mix in salt,
  pepper, sage, marjoram, thyme, parsley and pecans. Add water and mix
  thoroughly. Makes enough for 10-pound turkey
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PECAN UPSIDE-DOWN CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Fruits, Denver post, Lauri
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      2 oz Pkg. chopped pecans
    1/4 c  Butter
      1 c  Light brown sugar, packed
      2    Granny Smith apples, peeled
           -cored and sliced

MMMMM----------------------------CAKE---------------------------------
      1 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Salt
      6 tb Butter, softened
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
    1/2 ts Vanilla extract
      6 tb Milk
           Whipped cream, optional
 
  Topping: Toast pecans on ungreased baking sheet at 450F. until lightly
  browned, about 10 minutes. Check frequently to prevent burning.
  
  Melt butter in small, heavy saucepan.  Add brown sugar and cook,
  stirring just until melted, 3 to 5 minutes. Watch closely because
  sugar burns easily.
  
  Pour butter-sugar mixture into a 9" round nonstick cake pan and
  spread to coat bottom.  Sprinkle chopped pecans on top of
  butter-sugar mixture. Place apples in concentric circles, slightly
  overlapping, over pecans.
  
  Cake: Sift flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt into bowl.
  
  Using electric mixer, beat butter at medium speed until light and
  fluffy. add sugar and continue beating until creamy, 3 to 5 minutes.
  Add egg and vanilla and continue beating until completely
  incorporated.
  
  Reduce speed to low, add flour mixture and milk, alternating in 3
  additions.  Continue to mix only until dry ingredients are completely
  mixed in, stopping to scrape sides if necessary.
  
  Spoon cake batter over topping and spread carefully so batter is
  even. Bake at 325F. until tester comes out clean, about 55 minutes.
  
  Cool in pan 10 to 15 minutes.  Carefully run spatula around edge of
  pan and let stand another 10 to 15 minutes. Invert pan over large
  plate and let stand about 3 minutes. Carefully remove pan. Serve warm
  with fresh whipped cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PEPPER JELLY
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Water
      6 oz Frozen apple juice; thawed
  1 3/4 oz Powdered fruit pectin; 1 pk
  3 3/4 c  Sugar
           Red pepper; crushed,to taste
    1/8 ts Red food coloring
 
  Stir the water, apple juice concentrate and pectin in a 3-quart
  saucepan, until the pectin is dissolved. Heat to boiling, stirring
  constantly. Add the sugar and red pepper then heat to a rolling boil,
  stirring constantly. Remove from the heat and strain.  Add the red
  food color. Immediately pour into hot sterilized jars or glasses or
  freezer containers. Cover tightly and cool.  Refrigerate no longer
  than 4 weeks or freeze no longer than 2 months.  Serve with meat.
  Makes 4 half pints of jelly. GRAPE JELLY: Substitute 1 can (6 oz) of
  frozen grape juice concentrate for the apple juice concentrate.  Omit
  the red pepper and food color. TANGERINE JELLY: Substitute 1 can (6
  oz) frozen tangerine juice concentrate for the apple juice
  concentrate. Omit red pepper and food color.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PHYLLO ROLLS
 Categories: Vegetarian, Appetizers
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
           Butter flavored vegetable
           -cooking spray
      2 c  Apple; diced
     12 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
  1 1/2 ts Brown sugar
      9    Sheets commercial frozen
           -phyllo pastry; thawed
      3 tb Powdered sugar; sifted
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 ts ;water
 
   Coat a nonstick skillet with cooking spray; place over medium heat
  until hot. Add diced apple; saute 8 to 10 minutes, stirring often.
  Add cinnamon, nutmeg and brown sugar; str well, and cook an
  additional 3 minutes. Remove from heat, and let cool.
  
   Coat a flat surface with cooking spray; place 1 sheet of phyllo on
  surface (keep remaining phyllo covered).
   Coat phyllo with butter-flavored cooking spray. Layer 2 more sheets
  phyllo on first sheet, coating each with cooking spray. CUT
  Vertically into 5 equal strips; cut strips in half to make 10 pieces.
  Repeat process with remaining phyllo sheets, spraying each sheet with
  cooking spray.
  
   Spoon 1 1/2 tsp apple mixture at base of each strip; roll up, jelly
  roll fashion. Place, seam side down, on a baking sheet coated with
  cooking spray. BAKE at 375 deg for 30 to 35 minutes or until golen.
  Remove to wire rack to cool slightly.
  
   Combine remaining ingredients in a small bowl; stir well. Drizzle 1
  1/2 ts glaze over each roll. Serve warm.
  
   Yields: 30 appetizers (30 cal each)
  
   From DEEANNE's recipe files
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PLUM BUTTER
 Categories: Condiments, Jams
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      2 lb Slightly underripe red plums
           - quartered
      2 lb Tart apples, quartered
      2 c  Unsweetened, unfiltered
           - apple juice
      2 ts Ground cinnamon
 
  Combine plums, apples and juice in a heavy non-aluminum saucepan.
  Bring to a boil over medium heat. Reduce heat, cover partially and
  simmer 25 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Uncover and cook until
  fruit is very tender, stirring stirring occasionally (20-30 minutes).
  
  Cool slightly. Force fruit through food mill fitted with medium blade,
  discarding peel and seeds.  (or you can do as I do, seed and pit the
  fruit BEFORE cooking. Then, when you reach this stage, all you have
  to do is run it through a food processor)  Return puree to pan, add
  sugar and cinnamon. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring
  constantly. (careful, mixture can scorch easily!) Reduce heat and
  simmer briskly until butter is thick and glossy, stirring frequently
  (about 40 minutes). Remove from heat, spoon into hot sterilized jars
  and seal. Makes 3 pints jars or 6 - 8oz jars. Butter can be stored in
  the fridge for up to 3 weeks, or processed in a boiling water bath
  (15 minutes for pint jars or 10 minutes for 8 oz jars) and kept on a
  cool dark shelf for up to 1 year.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-PROSCIUTTO CHICKEN
 Categories: Italian, Chicken
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Boned skinless chicken
           Breast halves (about 1 lb.
           Total)
      4    Slices prosciutto or
           Boiled ham
    1/2 c  Finely chopped apple
    1/8 ts Apple pie spice
           Apple pie spice
      2 tb Finely chopped green onion
      1 tb Margarine or butter
      1 tb All-purpose flour
    2/3 c  Skim milk
    1/2 c  Shredded provolone
           Cheese (2 ounces)
           Hot cooked rice (optional)
 
  Rinse chicken, pat dry.  Place each breast half between 2 pieces of
  plastic wrap.  Pound from the center to the edges with the flat side
  of a meat mallet till 1/4 inch thick.  Remove plastic wrap. Place one
  prosciutto slice atop each breast half. Combine apple and 1/8
  teaspoon pie spice. Place a fourth of the apple mixture on each
  breast. Fold in sides and roll up each half starting from a narrow
  end. Secure with wooden toothpicks. Sprinkle with additional apple
  pie spice. Place in a 10x6x2 inch baking dish.  Bake, uncovered, in a
  350 degree oven for 25 to 30 minutes until tender and no longer pink.
  Remove picks. In a small saucepan cook onion in margarine until
  tender.  Stir in flour and dash pepper. Add milk. Cook and stir till
  thickened and bubbly; cook and stir 1 minute more. Stir in cheese
  till melted. Serve sauce over chicken rolls. Serve with rice or on a
  bed of rice, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-RAISIN COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Travel, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter Or Margarine;Softened
      1 c  Brown Sugar; Packed
      2 ea Eggs; Large
    1/4 c  Milk
      2 c  Flour; Unbleached
      1 ts Baking Powder
      1 ts Cinnamon; Ground
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Nutmeg; Ground
    1/4 ts Cloves; Ground
      2 ea Apples; Medium *
      1 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Walnuts; Chopped
 
  *  Apples should be cored, peeled and chopped.  There should be 1 1/2
     Cups. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++++++
  
  Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs and milk; beat well. Stir together
  flour and next 5 ingredients; stir into creamed mixture. Stir in
  apples, rasins, and nuts. Drop form tablespoon on well greased cookie
  sheet. Bake at 350 degress F. for 12 to 14 minutes. Immediately
  remove cookies to rack.
  
  Makes 4 1/2 dozen.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-RAISIN CRISP
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Rolled oats
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Shortening
    1/2 c  Pecans, chopped
      6 md Apples, peeled & cored
      2 tb Sugar
 
  In a small mixing bowl pour enough boiling water over the raisins to
  cover them. Let stand for 5 minutes, then drain raisins.
  
  For topping, in a medium mixing bowl stir together rolled oats, brown
  sugar, flour, and cinnamon. Using a pastry blender, cut in margarine
  of butter till mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in chopped
  pecans. Set topping aside.
  
  For filling, in large mixing bowl combine drained raisins, sliced
  apples, and sugar, then gently toss till combined. Transfer the
  filling to an ungreased 9" X 9" X 2" baking pan.
  
  Sprinkle the topping on the filling. Bake in a 375F oven for 30 to 35
  minutes or till the apples are tender and topping is golden. Serve
  warm. Makes 6 servings.
  
  Adapted from "Better Homes & Gardens".  Posted by Marjorie Scofield
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-RAISIN RICE PUDDING
 Categories: Cyberealm, Mom's best, Puddings, Low-fat
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Vegetable cooking spray
    1/2 c  Chopped apples
    1/2 c  Raisins
      3 c  + 2 tsp skim milk, divided
    1/2 c  + 1 T sugar, divided
    1/3 c  Short-grain rice, uncooked
      1 tb Cornstarch
      1    Egg, lightly beaten
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
 
  Coat a medium nonstick skillet with cooking spray. Place skillet over
  medium high heat until hot.Add apples and raisins; saute 1 minute. Set
  aside. Combine 3 cups milk, 1/2 c sugar, and rice in a large saucepan;
  bring to boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 15 minutes. Combine
  cornstarch and remaining 2 tsps. of milk, stirring well; add to the
  rice mixture. Bring to boil, and cook 1 minute, stirring
  occasionally. Remove from heat. Gradually stir in about 1/4th of the
  hot rice mixture into the egg; add to remaining hot mixture, stirring
  constantly. Stir in apple mixture and vanilla. Pour rice mixture into
  a 1 quart baking dish coated with cooking spray. Combine remaining 1
  T sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle over rice mixture. Place baking dish
  in a large shallow pan; add hot water to pan to a depth of 1 inch.
  Bake at 325F for 1 hour and 15 minutes. Remove dish from water; let
  cool 30 minutes before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-RAISIN SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      2 c  Apple juice or cider
      2    Lg. cooking apples, peeled
           -and cubed (2 cups)
    1/4 c  Raisins
      2    Inches stick cinnamon
      1 tb Brown sugar
      1 tb Brandy
 
  In 2-quart saucepan combine first 4 ingredients. Cover, simmer 15
  minutes or till apples are tender. Stir in sugar and brandy. Cover;
  chill. Remove stick cinnamon before serving. Makes 3 to 4 servings.
  
  Recipe from: Better Homes and Gardens, Soups & Stews Cookbook
  copyright 1978 by Meredith Corporation, Des Moines, Iowa
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-RHUBARB BETTY
 Categories: Cyberealm, Desserts, Low-cal/fat, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Sugar
      1 tb Cornstarch
      1    Pkg 20 oz frozen rhubarb
  2 1/4 c  Apple pie filling
      3 sl Bread,cut into cubes 1 1/2c.
    3/4 c  Graham cracker crumbs
    1/4 c  Packed light brown sugar
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Apple pie spice
      3 tb Butter, melted
 
  1.    Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Combine sugar and cornstarch in
  saucepan. Add rhubarb and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly,
  `til thickened and bubbly... 2. Remove from heat. Stir in pie
  filling... 3. Combine bread, cracker crumbs, brown sugar and spices
  in small bowl. Stir in butter... 4. Spoon half of fruit mixture into
  1 1/2 quart baking dish. Cover with half of bread mixture. Repeat the
  layering. and cover. 5) Bake 20 minutes, then uncover and bake 10
  minutes more... 6) Serve with Cool Whip or Vanilla ice cream...
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-RHUBARB DUMP CAKE
 Categories: Cyberealm, Desserts, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Rhubarb
      2 c  Apple pie filling
      1 pk Strawberry Jello
           Small size
      1 c  Sugar
      1    Stick of butter
  1 1/2 c  Water
      1    White cake mix
 
  1)    Put rhubarb & pie filling in greased 13x9x2 inch pan... 2) Mix
  sugar and Jello; sprinkle over rhubarb... 3) Sprinkle cake mix over
  that and sprinkle water over all... Slice butter on top of cake
  mix... 4) Bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes. Serve warm with vanilla
  ice cream or whipped cream. Serve cold if you're lucky enough to have
  any left...
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-SCALLOP RAMEKINS
 Categories: Casseroles, Fish, Seafood
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 tb Butter or margarine
    1/2 c  Onion,minced
      1 lb Bay scallops
      2    Apples,Granny Smith,med-size
      1 cn Mushrooms,sliced,drained(3oz
      1 ts Lemon juice
      1 ts Parsley,minced
    1/2 ts Basil,dried
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Flour
      1 c  Milk
      2 tb Bread crumbs,plain,dry
 
  1. Melt 1 tablespoon butter in large skillet.
  2. Add onion; saute until tender.
  3. Add scallops, apples, mushrooms, lemon juice, parsley, basil and
  salt; cook over medium heat, 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.
  4. Meanwhile, melt 2 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan; blend in
  flour.
  5. Remove from heat; stir in milk.
  6. Return to medium heat; cook, stirring constantly, until thickened.
  7. Add sauce to scallop mixture in skillet; mix well.
  8. Spoon into 4 buttered ramekins.
  9. Combine remaining butter with bread crumbs; sprinkle over
  scallops.
  10. Place under broiler; broil 3 to 4 minutes, or until crumbs are
  golden.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-SPICE BARS
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Shortening
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs; Large
    3/4 c  Flour; Unbleached
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Baking Powder
    1/4 ts Baking Soda
    1/4 ts Nutmeg; Ground
    1/4 ts Ginger; Ground
      1 c  Apples; Finely Chopped, *

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      2 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
 
  *  Core and Peel Apples.  Chop as fine as possible.
  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++++++ Cream shortening and sugar.  Add eggs, one at a
  time, and beat well. Stir together the flour, salt, baking powder,
  baking soda and spices. Blend into the creamed mixture and mix well.
  Stir in apples. Spread in a greased 13 X 9 X 2-inch pan.  Mix sugar
  and cinnamon together; blend well. Sprinkle on top of the dough.
  Bake at 350 degrees F for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool; cut into bars.
  Makes 36 bars.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-STRAWBERRY WHIP
 Categories: Vegetarian, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 tb Agar flakes
      4 c  Apple juice
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      2 pt Strawberries; hulled
      2 ts Cashew butter or tahini
 
   Place agar in a saucepan with juice. Bring to a boil and cook,
  stirring frequently, over medium heat for 10 to 15 minutes.
  
   Add vanilla and cook for one minute.
  
   Cut all but 6 strawberries in half.
  
   Place cut strawberries in a shallow pan and pour hot mixture over
  them. Place pan in freezer until set, about 30 minutes.
  
   Cut jellied juice and strawberries into 2" squares.
  
   Place 2 squares and cashew butter in a blender and process until
  smooth. Remove mixture to a bowl and blend remainng squares, 2 at a
  time until smooth.
  
   Whisk blended mixture to evenly distribute cashew butter throughout.
  
   Place into individual serving bowls.
  
   Slice remaining strawberries and evenly divide among bowls.
  
   Refrigerate until set, about one hour, or place in freezer for 15 to
  20 minutes.
  
   Per serving: 134 cal, 1 g prot, 17 mg sod, 51 g carb, 1 g fat, 0 mg
  chol, 781 g calcium
  
   Vegetarian Gourmet, Summer 1993, posted by Dianne Smith/DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-STUFFED CHICKEN BREASTS **
 Categories: Chicken, Grill, Apples
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------
      4    Chicken breast halves;
           - boneless, skinless
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
      2 md Tart apples; peel, cut in
           - thin slices
      1 c  Apple cider
      1 tb Cornstarch
 
  Place chicken breast halves between 2 pieces of waxed paper. Pound
  chicken to 1/8" thickness. Mix sugar and cinnamon. Coat apple slices
  with sugar mixture. Divide apples among chicken breast halves; secure
  with toothpicks. Cover and grill chicken 4-6" from medium coals,
  20-25 minutes, turning after 10 minutes, until done. Remove
  toothpicks. Mix the apple cider and cornstarch in 1 quart saucepan.
  Cook over medium heat until thickened and bubbly. Spoon over chicken.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-WALNUT MOLD
 Categories: Side dish, Grains, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2    Envelopes Unflavored Gelatin
      4 c  Apple Juice
      2 tb Lemon Juice
      2 c  Red Apples; Chopped
    1/2 c  Carrots; Pared And Shredded2
    1/2 c  Celery; Thinly Sliced
    1/2 c  Walnuts; Chopped
    1/4 c  Raisins

MMMMM-----------------------HONEY DRESSING----------------------------
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
      1 tb Honey
      1 tb Lemon Juice
 
  Soften the gelatin in 1/2 cup apple juice in a 2-quart saucepan. Add
  the remaining apple juice and cook over low heat until the gelatin is
  completely dissolved. Sir in the lemon juice. Refrigerate for 45 to 60
  minutes or until thick and syrupy.  Fold in the apple, carrot, celery,
  walnuts and raisins.  Pour into a 6-cup mold. Refrigerate for 2 to 2
  1/2 hours or until set. Meanwhile, prepare the HONEY DRESSING.
  
  TO SERVE:
  
  Unmold the gelatin mixture and spoon the honey dressing over the top.
  
  HONEY DRESSING:
  
  Combine all of the ingredients, blending well. Refrigerate until
  serving time.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-WALNUT MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon, ground
    1/4 ts Nutmeg, ground
    1/4 ts Salt
      2    Eggs
    2/3 c  Apple juice concentrate
    1/3 c  Butter
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 md Apples
    1/2 c  Walnuts, chopped
 
  Preheat oven to 350.  Peel, seed, and finely chop apples. Grease 12
  muffin cups or line with paper liners; set aside. Combine dry
  ingredients in medium bowl. Combine and add eggs, apple juice
  concentrate, melted butter, and vanilla; mix just until dry
  ingredients are moistened. Stir in apple and walnuts. Spoon batter
  into prepared cups, filling each cup 3/4 full. Bake 25 minutes, until
  golden brown.  Let stand in pan on wire rack 5 minutes.  Remove from
  pan. Serve warm or at room temperature.
  
  Cooled muffins may be wrapped securely and frozen up to 3 months.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-WALNUT SALAD WITH WATERCRESS
 Categories: Vegetarian, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
      2 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Vegetable broth
  1 1/2 tb Vegetable oil
    1/2 ts Salt OR
      1 ts Soy sauce
    1/4 ts Pepper

MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      1 lg Watercress bunch; tough
           -stems removed
      1 lg Carrot; shredded
      1    Apple, Red Delicious; cored
           -and shredded
      1    Apple, Golden Delicious;
           -cored and shredded
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 c  Walnuts; chopped
 
  Dressing: In a small bowl, combine all dressing ingredients. Mix well.
  
  Salad: Arrange watercress around the outside edge of a large platter.
  Scater carrot next o the watercrss. In a amall bowl, toss shredded
  apples with lemon juice. Spoon apples into the center of the platter.
  Scatter nuts on top of the apples. Pour dressing over the salad and
  serve immediately. Serves 4.
  
  Per serving: 159 cal; 2 g prot; 10 g fat; 17 g carb;
      300 mg sod; 2 g fiber
  
  From the files of DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-WALNUT UPSIDE DOWN CAKE (NYT)
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter
      1 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
  1 3/4 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Ground walnuts
    1/2 c  Milk
      3 tb Butter plus 1 teaspoon
      8    Apples (small) in 8ths
    1/2 c  Light brown sugar
 
  1. For the topping, melt 1 teaspoon butter in heavy skillet. Add
  apples and saute until caramelized. About 3 minutes. 2. Combine
  remaining 3 tablespoons of butter and brown sugar in a small saucepan
  and heat until blended. 3. Butter a 10 inch pan and spread brown
  sugar mixture in bottom. Arrange apple splices in pan in concentric
  circles. Set aside. 4. For cake, preheat oven to 350.  Cream butter
  and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs and beat until light.  Add vanilla.
  5. Add dry ingredients alternately with milk, mixing to combine.
  Spread batter evenly over apples. 6. Bake until cake springs back
  when touched.  About 1 hour. 7. Let stand 10 minutes and invert onto
  cake plate. Let cool. Serve slightly warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-WINE-CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     15 oz Short Pastry
      4 c  Red Wine
  2 1/2 lb Apples,finely cubed
           Brown Sugar as needed
           Vanille Pudding Powder
           As needed
  2 1/8 c  Whip Cream
      1 ts Vanilla
  3 1/2 oz Almond Slices
 
  1. Cake taste best when baked a day before serving and cooled in the
  refridgerator over night. 2. Boil wine add the apples,peeled,cored
  and cut in fine cubes,and cook about 2 minutes;take apples out and
  put aside. 3. Measure the wine-cooking-fluid and add brown sugar as
  needed to your taste. 4. Mix in as much puddingpowder, about 1/3 of a
  package, so that it's of a creamy consistence;let come to a boil
  once. 5. Add the applepieces;fold under. 6. Heat oven to 150 C 7.
  Roll out dough and put in a springform, about 26 cm in diameter. 8.
  Fill in the applemix and even out on top. 9. Bake about 1 hour. 10.
  Short before serving, beat the cream with the vanilla untill very
  stiff and put over cake;garnish with the almondslices. After an idea
  out of "Meine Familie und ich" 1994 Translated by Brigitte Sealing
  Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY 315-785-8098
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE-YAM CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casseroles, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/4 lb Yams
    1/2 c  ;Water
      1 lb Apples
      1 c  Apple juice
      2 tb Cornstarch
      3 tb ;Water
    1/2 c  Honey
    1/3 c  Wheat germ
 
  In a pot with a tight-fitting lid, steam yams in 1/2 cup water until
  tender; 15-20 minutes. Peel and slice them lengthwise in 1/2" thick
  slices. Layer them in a casserole.
  
  Peel and core apples, slicing them 1/2" thick. Lay apple slices on
  top of yams.  Heat apple juice to the boiling point. Combine
  cornstarch and water and add to juice, cooking until sauce is clear
  and thickened. Add honey.
  
  Spoon sauce over apples, then top with wheat germ. Bake in a 350
  degree oven until apples are tender, 30 minutes to an hour. Submitted
  By SAM WARING <SAM.WARING@382-91-12.IMA.INFOMAIL.COM> On MON, 13 NOV
  1995 132319 GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE/OATMEAL MUFFINS *** (BCGP03B)
 Categories: Muffins, Brunch, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Oats
  1 1/4 c  All purpose flour
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Baking powder
    3/4 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Unsweetened applesauce
    1/2 c  Skim milk
    1/2 c  Brown sugar; firmly packed
      3 tb Vegetable oil
      1 ea Egg white
      1 x  Topping
    1/4 c  Oats
      1 tb Brown sugar
    1/8 ts Cinnamon
      1 tb Margarine; melted
 
  Heat oven to 400^.  Line or grease 12 muffin cups.
   Combine oats, flour, cinnamon, baking powder, and baking soda. Add
  applesauce, milk, brown sugar, oil, and egg white: mix just until dry
  ingredients are moistened. Fill muffin cups almost full. For topping,
  combine ingredients:  sprinkle evenly over batter. Bake 20-22 minutes
  or until deep golden brown. FROM: TARA LEE (BCGP03B)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLEBEE'S ORIENTAL CHICKEN SALAD ORIENTAL DRESSING
 Categories: Chicken, Salads copy
      Yield: 1 Serving
 
MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
      3 tb Honey
  1 1/2 tb White vinegar
      4 ts Mayonnaise
      1 tb Dijon mustard
    1/8 ts Sesame oil

MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Corn flake crumbs
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1    Chicken breast half
           Boneless, skinless
      2 c  Vegetable oil (for frying)
      3 c  Chopped romaine lettuce
      1 c  Red cabbage
      1 c  Napa cabbage
    1/2    Carrot, julienned
           Boneless, skinless
      1    Green onion, chopped
      1 tb Sliced almonds
    1/3 c  Chow mein noodles
 
  Crisp Oriental greens topped with chunks of crunchy Chicken Fingers,
  toasted almonds & crispy rice noodles tossed in a light Oriental
  vinaigrette. This Oriental Chicken salad, which is considered one of
  the restaurant's signature items.
  
  1. Preheat oil in deep fryer or deep pan over medium heat. You want
  the temperature of the oil to be around 350 degrees. 2. Blend
  together all ingredients for dressing in a small bowlwith an electric
  mixer. Put dressing in refrigerator to chill while you prepare the
  salad. 3. In a small, shallow bowl beat egg, add milk, and mix well.
  4. In another bowl, combine flour with corn flake crumbs, saltand
  pepper. 5. Cut chicken breast into 4 or 5 long strips. Dip each strip
  of chicken first into egg mixture then into the flour mixture,coating
  each piece completely. 6. Fry each chicken finger for 5 minutes or
  until coating has darkened to brown. 7. Prepare salad by tossing the
  chopped romaine with the chopped red cabbage, Napa cabbage, and
  carrots. 8. Sprinkle sliced green onion on top of the lettuce. 9.
  Sprinkle almonds over the salad, then the chow mein noodles. 10. Cut
  the chicken into small bite-size chunks. Place the chicken onto the
  salad forming a pile in the middle. Serve with salad dressing on the
  side. Makes 1 dinner-size salad.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLEBUTTER FROM BRIGITTE SEALING
 Categories: Jams
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6    Apples (or 8 if small)
      1 tb Cinnamon
    1/4 c  +2 TB concentrated frozen
           -apple juice
      1 c  Water
    1/8 ts Ground cloves
    1/4 c  Water
      1 tb Cornstarch
 
  1. Peel, core, and thinly slice apples. Put them in a saucepan with
  1/4 cup of the water and 1/4 cup of the applejuice. Bring to a boil,
  then reduce heat and simmer uncovered for 1 hour. Mix cornstarch with
  the 2 Tb of applejuice. Stir into the mix, and stir until it thickens.
  
  2. Put all ingredients in a blender and puree until smooth. Refriger-
  ate. Makes about 4 cups.
  
  From: Brigitte Sealing, Cyberealm BBS, Watertown NY Typed for you by:
  Linda Fields, Sysop, Cyberealm BBS Watertown, NY 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLEGATE ISLAND HUMMER
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 oz Creme de menthe
      1 oz Brandy
      2    Scoops vanilla ice cream
 
  Preparation : Each "Hummer" recipe yields 2 servings. Soften the ice
  cream a little before adding to other ingredients. Blend until creamy
  and enjoy. Mix all ingredients together and have a wonderful
  afternoon!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES & BUTTONS (SCHNITZ UN KNEPP)
 Categories: Penndutch, Ham
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 lb Ham
      1 qt Apple, dried
      2 tb Brown sugar
      2 c  Flour
      1 x  Milk
      4 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 ea Egg, well beaten
      3 tb Butter, melted
      1 ts Salt
 
  *** My notes: I think the recipes in this cookbook all assume using a
  whole, uncooked ham. I would omit the step of boiling ham for 3 hours
  if using a cooked ham. Pick over and wash dried apples. Cover with
  water and let soak over night or for a number of hours. In the
  morning, cover ham with cold water and let boil for 3 hours. Add the
  apples and water in which they have been soaked and continue to boil
  for another hour. Add brown sugar. Make dumplings by sifting together
  the flour, salt, pepper and baking powder. Stir in the beaten egg,
  milk (enough to make fairly moist, stiff batter), and melted butter.
  Drop the batter by spoonfuls into the hot liquid with the ham and
  apples. Cover kettle tight and cook dumplings for 15 minutes. Serve
  piping hot on large platter. Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book -
  Fine Old Recipes, Culinary Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES & CELERIAC W HONEY MUSTARD-DRESSING
 Categories: Salads, Apples
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           -Don Fifield xkgr41a
      2 tb Apple-cider vinegar
      2 ts Coarse mustard
      2 ts Honey
      1    Shallot; chopped
    1/2 ts Black pepper
    1/4 c  Canola oil
      1    Celeriac root
      2 tb Lemon juice
      2    Green apples; shredded
    1/3 c  Nonfat yogurt
    1/4 c  Red onions; diced
      2 c  Spinach; shredded
      1 c  Radish; sliced
 
  Place the vinegar, mustard, honey, shallots, and pepper in a blender
  container. Process on high speed until well mixed. With the blender
  running, slowly pour in the oil to form an emulsion.
   Trim and wash the celeriac. Cut into a fine julienne and place in a
  lg bowl.  Add the lemon juice and combine well to keep the celeriac
  from discoloring. Mix in the apples, yogurt, onions, and dressing.
   Serve on a bed of spinach with the radishes.
   The Healing Foods Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES & CELERIAC W HONEY MUSTARD-DRESSING
 Categories: Salads, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           -Don Fifield xkgr41a
      2 tb Apple-cider vinegar
      2 ts Coarse mustard
      2 ts Honey
      1    Shallot; chopped
    1/2 ts Black pepper
    1/4 c  Canola oil
      1    Celeriac root
      2 tb Lemon juice
      2    Green apples; shredded
    1/3 c  Nonfat yogurt
    1/4 c  Red onions; diced
      2 c  Spinach; shredded
      1 c  Radish; sliced
 
  Place the vinegar, mustard, honey, shallots, and pepper in a blender
  container. Process on high speed until well mixed. With the blender
  running, slowly pour in the oil to form an emulsion.
   Trim and wash the celeriac. Cut into a fine julienne and place in a
  lg bowl.  Add the lemon juice and combine well to keep the celeriac
  from discoloring. Mix in the apples, yogurt, onions, and dressing.
   Serve on a bed of spinach with the radishes.
   The Healing Foods Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES & NOODLES
 Categories: Pasta, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Noodles, cooked and drained
      2 x  Apples, peeled and sliced
      1 ds Cinnamon
      4 tb Brown Sugar
      4 tb Butter
 
   Preheat oven to 350 deg F.
   Place half of the noodles and apples in a buttered baking dish.
  Sprinkle with half the brown sugar and a dash of cinnamon. Dot with
  half the butter. Repeat. Cover and bake 30 minutes.
   Stir well before serving (or, leave uncovered toward the end of
  baking to give the top a nice crunchy texture.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES & OAT CEREAL
 Categories: Breakfast, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Water
  1 1/3 c  Oat bran
    1/2 c  Raisins
      1    Apple, shredded
      1 tb Maple syrup
    1/2 ts Ground caraway seeds
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 c  (1-2) Skim milk
 
  In a 2-quart saucepan, bring the water and oat bran to a vigorous
  boil, stirring constantly.  Reduce the heat to low and cook for 2
  minutes, stirring frequently, until thick. Remove from heat and stir
  in the raisins, apples, maple syrup, caraway, and cinnamon. Let stand
  5 minutes. Spoon into bowls and serve with the milk.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES - SLICED
 Categories: Fruits, Canning
      Yield: 1 Guide
 
 
  Quantity: An average of 19 pounds is needed per canner load of 7
  quarts; an average of 12-1/4 pounds is needed per canner load of 9
  pints. A bushel weighs 48 pounds and yields 16 to 19 quarts-an
  average of 2-3/4 pounds per quart.
  
  Quality: Select apples that are juicy, crispy, and preferably both
  sweet and tart.
  
  Procedure: Wash, peel, and core apples. To prevent discoloration,
  slice apples into water containing ascorbic acid. Raw packs make poor
  quality products. Place drained slices in large saucepan and add 1
  pint water or very light, light, or medium syrup (see "Preparing and
  Using Syrups") per 5 pounds of sliced apples. Boil 5 minutes,
  stirring occasionally to prevent burning. Fill jars with hot slices
  and hot syrup or water, leaving 1/2-inch headspace. Adjust lids and
  process.
  
  Processing directions for canning sliced apples in a boiling-water, a
  dial, or a weighted-gauge canner are given in Table 1, Table 2, and
  Table 3.
  
  Table 1. Recommended process time for Apples, sliced in a
  boiling-water canner.
  
  Style of Pack: Hot.  Jar Size: Pints or Quarts. Process Time at
  Altitudes of 0 - 1,000 ft: 20 min.
                           1,001 - 3,000 ft: 25 min.
                           3,001 - 6,000 ft: 30 min.
                             Above 6,000 ft: 35 min.
  
  Table 2. Process Times for Sliced Apples in a Dial-Gauge Pressure
  Canner.
  
  Style of Pack: Hot.  Jar Size: Pints or Quarts. Process Time: 8 min.
  Canner Pressure (PSI) at Altitudes of 0 - 2,000 ft: 6 lb.
                                    2,001 - 4,000 ft: 7 lb.
                                    4,001 - 6,000 ft: 8 lb.
                                    6,001 - 8,000 ft: 9 lb.
  
  Table 3. Process Times for Sliced Apples in a Weighted-Gauge Pressure
  Canner.
  
  Style of Pack: Hot.  Jar Size: Pints or Quarts. Process Time: 8 min.
  Canner Pressure (PSI) at Altitudes of 0 - 1,000 ft: 5 lb.
                                      Above 1,000 ft: 10 lb.
  
  ======================================================= ===== * USDA
  Agriculture Information Bulletin No. 539 (rev. 1994) * Meal-Master
  format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES ALFRESCO
 Categories: Fruits, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 lg Tart Apples
      8 oz Pineapple Chunks; Drained
      6 tb Brown Sugar; Packed
    1/4 c  Lemon Juice
      2 tb Red Cinnamon Candies
 
  Core the apples and core the top half of each one, using the tines of
  a fork.  Place each apple on an 8-inch length of heavy-duty foil.
  Fill the cavity of each apple with 2 chunks of pineapple, 1 tb brown
  sugar, 2 ts lemon juice, and 1 ts candies.  Securely wrap each apple
  into a loose packet and refrigerate.
  
  TO GRILL:
  
  Cook the apple packets 4-inches from grey coals (medium heat),
  turning once or twice.  Grill 30 to 40 minutes or until tender.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES APPLE PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Water
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
     16 ea Soda crackers
    1/2 ea Stick margarine
  1 1/2 ts Cream tarter
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
 
   Bake @ 350 degrees in unbaked crust.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES IN RED WINE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 kg Apples (2 1/4 lb)
           -- You NEED an apple that
           -- will hold its shape
           -- during cooking !!
      5 dl Red wine ( 1 pint)
      1    Stick cinnamon
    250 g  Sugar (9 oz)
 
  Ten hours in advance, cook the wine, cinnamon and sugar over a brisk
  heat for 10 minutes, using a broad, shallow saucepan.
  
  Peel the apples and, using a melon-baller of about 2.5 cm (1 in)
  diameter, cut them into little balls.
  
  Throw the apple-balls into the hot wine. They should not overlap:
  this is why you need a broad, shallow pan. Simmer them for 5 to 7
  minutes, covered with aluminium foil to keep them submerged.
  
  When the apples are cooked but still firm, remove the pan from the
  stove. Let the apple-balls macerate in the red wine for about 10
  hours to take on a good red colour.
  
  Serving: well chilled, with a scoop of vanilla ice-cream, or in a
  selection of cold fruit desserts.
  
  From: Fredy Girardet, Cuisine spontanee, M-Papermac, 1985, ISBN
  0-333-40957-4
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES IN WINE
 Categories: Apples, Desserts
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
     12    Tart cooking apples
      2 c  Dry red wine
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      2 sl Lemon (optional)
 
  Core, peel, and quarter apples.  Combine wine and sugar in crockpot,
  stir well.  Add apple quarters. Stir well to coat apples with wine
  mixture. Add nutmeg and lemon slices. Cover and cook on low setting
  for 8-12 hours (high 2-3 hours).
  
  Transfer apples and liquid to a refrigerator container and chill well.
  Serve in sherbet glasses.
  
  Yield: about 3 quarts
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLES WITH CARAMEL SAUCE
 Categories: Apples
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Heavy cream
      2 tb Frozen apple juice
           -concentrate, undiluted
      1 ts Vanilla
      4    Tart apples, peeled, cored
           -and sliced
      1 tb Unsalted butter
      2 tb Calvados (apple brandy; opt)
 
  1. In 2-quart heavy saucepan melt sugar over low heat, watching
  carefully so it doesn't burn.
  
  2. In 2-cup glass measuring cup microwave heavy cream 30 seconds to 1
  minute, or until it reaches about 140-160'F.
  
  3. When sugar has liquified and turned an amber color, slowly stir in
  warm cream with a wooden spoon. Stir vigorously to avoid lumps. Stir
  liquified sugar as it begins to turn amber color.
  
  4. Stir in apple juice concentrate and vanilla. Cook over moderate
  heat until thoroughly blended. Strain out any lumps that might remain.
  
  5. Meanwhile, in heavy non-stick skillet saute apples in butter 2
  minutes, or until heated through but still crisp. If desired, warm
  Calvados, pour over apples and ignite. When flames subside, spoon
  apples into serving dishes and top with warm caramel sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE
 Categories: Fruits/nuts, Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8    Gravenstein apples
           - peeled, cored
           -  and cut into eighths
    1/2 c  Water
           Sugar to taste
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Grated lemon peel
 
  COMBINE APPLES AND WATER IN heavy-bottomed pan. Place over low heat
  and cook, stirring occasionally. When apples begin to get tender, add
  sugar to taste but be sparing until apples mash easily--that's when
  you can tell just how sweet you want the applesauce. Add lemon juice
  and cook until applesauce is ready to be mashed with fork. Remove
  from heat and add lemon peel. Mash with tines of fork, leaving some
  coarse texture. Serve warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE 'N' SPICE BREAD
 Categories: Fruit, Try soon, Tea breads
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
MMMMM------------------------MR FOOD CKBK-----------------------------
      2 c  All purp flour
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Allspice
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Veg oil
  1 1/4 c  Applesauce
      2    Eggs
      3 tb Milk
    1/2 c  Chpd pecans

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Chpd pecans
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
 
  Preheat oven 350F. Sift flour, baking soda, baking powder, salt, and
  spices together. In lg bowl combine sugar, oil, applesauce, eggs, and
  milk. Stir the dry ingreds into applesacue mixture; stir in the 1/2c
  pecans. Pour into greased 9x5" loaf pan. Mix topping ingreds
  thoroughly and sprinkle over batter. Bake 1-1 1/4 hrs or until pick
  inserted comes out clean. Cool in pan.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE BAR COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts, Low-cal, Diabetic
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
           -FHMN87A
  1 3/4 c  Sifted cake flour
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Allspice
    1/8 ts Cloves
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Margarine
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Unsweetened applesauce
    1/2 c  Raisins
 
  Preheat oven to 375 F. Prepare bottom of a 11 x 7 ~inch pan with
  vegetable pan coating. Sift together flour, baking soda, spices and
  salt. Cream together margarine and sugar. Add egg to margarine
  mixture and beat until light and fluffy. Alternately add the dry
  ingredients and applesauce, stirring just enough to blend well. Add
  the raisins. Turn into the prepared pan and bake about 30 minutes.
  Let cool for 10 minutes then cut into 24 squares. 1 serving = 1
  cookie = 1 bread exchange plus 1/2 fat exchange. CHO 15, PRO 1, FAT
  2, CAL 80, Na 98
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE BARBECUE SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Appetizers, Microwave
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Thinly sliced onion
      3 tb Butter or margarine
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Worcestershire sauce
      1 c  Catsup
      2 c  Applesauce
      1 ts Salt
 
  1. Place onions and butter in a deep, 1 1/2-quart, heat- resistant,
  non-metallic casserole. 2. Heat, uncovered, in Microwave Oven 2
  minutes or until onion is tender. 3. Add lemon juice, Worcestershire
  sauce, catsup, applesauce and salt. 4. Heat, uncovered, in Microwave
  Oven 7 minutes or until sauce is bubbly. Makes 3 cups
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE BARS
 Categories: Diabetic, Desserts, Cookies
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      2 c  All-purpose flour;
    1/3 c  Sugar;
           Dry sugar sub equal to 3/4 c
           Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon;
    1/2 ts Nutmeg;
    1/4 ts Cloves;
  1 1/2 c  Unsweetened applesaue; hot
      2 ts Baking soda;
    1/2 c  Walnuts; chopped
    1/4 c  Rasins;
 
  Place flour, sugar, dry sugar substitute, cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves
  in mixer bowl and mix a low speed to blend well. Combine HOT
  applesause and baking soda ( don't try to be modern and use cold
  applesause and mix with baking soda with the flour; it doesn't work
  as well that way), and add, along with oil, walnuts and raisins, to
  flour mixture. Mix at medium speed until flour is moistened and
  batter in creamy. Spread batter evenly in a 9" by 13" cake pan that
  has been sprayed with pan spray or greased well with margarine.  Bake
  at 375 degrees for 20 to 25 minutes, or till bars pull away from the
  sides of the pan and a cake tester comes out clean from the center.
  Cool on a wire rack. Cut three by six.
  
  Food Exchange per serving: 1 STARCH/BREAD EXCHANGE + 1 FAT EXCHANGE
  CHO: 17g; PRO: 2G;  FAT: 5g;  CAL: 122; Low-sodium diets: Recipe is
  suitable written.
  
  Source: The Art of Cooking for the Diabetic by Mary Abbott
  Hess,R.D.,M.S. And Katharine Middleton
  
  Brought to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE BRAN MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins, Breakfast
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  ALL PURPOSE FLOUR
      3 ts BAKING POWDER
    1/4 ts SALT
      2 tb SUGAR
      1 c  WHOLE BRAN CEREAL
      1 ea LARGE EGG
    1/3 c  MILK
    2/3 c  APPLESAUCE
    1/4 c  BUTTER, MELTED
 
       Stir together flour, baking powder, salt, sugar and bran cereal.
       In another bowl beat egg well and then add milk, applesauce, and
       melted butter.  Mix the egg mixture and flour mixture just until
       they are well blended. Divide the batter among 12 greased muffin
       tin cups.  Each cup should be about 2/3 full. Bake at 400 degrees
       F for about 20 minutes. You can test to see if the muffins are
       done by sticking a toothpick into the center of them. If the
       toothpick comes out clean, the muffins are done. Otherwise, let
       them bake for another 5 minutes and try again.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE BREAD
 Categories: Breadmaker, Breads
      Yield: 2 Loaves
 
      1 pk Yeast
  2 1/4 c  Bread flour
    3/4 c  Wheat flour
    1/2 ts Salt
      4 tb White sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 pn Pinch nutmeg
    2/3 c  Warm appesauce
      1 tb Butter
    1/2 c  Warm apple juice
    1/2 c  Grated fresh apple
           Use ingredients at room temp
 
  Put all ingredients in the order listed into pan, select white bread,
  and push "start". This can be mixed on manual of the bread machine.
  After Second kneading, remove dough for machine, divide into to equal
  portions and place in small loaf pans. Cover and let rise to double,
  about 45 min to 1 hour. Bake at 350 f. for 35-40 min.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE BREAKFAST CAKE
 Categories: Breakfast, Breads, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      1 c  Unsweetened applesauce
           -OR- crushed pineapple
           -- (unsweetened)
    1/4 c  Molasses
    1/4 c  Honey
    1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Almond extract
  1 1/2 c  AM Griddle Lite Pancake Mix
      2 ts AM Canola Oil
 
  Mix liquids thoroughly.  Add the dry mix.  Stir gently. Pour into a
  well-oiled square cake pan.  Bake at 350 F. for 20 minutes or until
  done. Serve warm with butter and syrup or with a dollop of flavored
  yogurt.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "Recipes for Special Dietary Needs" tri-fold
  Reprinted by permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format
  courtesy of: Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE BROWNIES
 Categories: Diabetic, Cakes, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Unsweetened applesauce
    1/2 c  Unsweetened cocoa powder
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      2 lg Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/4 c  Chopped nuts
 
  16 big servings, 24 servings if you follow the 1 tsp. sugar per
  serving guideline of ADA, or try using part sugar/part artificial
  sweetener to cut down on calories. The original recipe is almost like
  cake.
  
  Preheat oven to 375 F.
  
  Combine oil, applesauce and cocoa.  Add sugar and stir until
  dissolved. Add eggs and vanilla.  Mix dry ingredients together and
  stir into the mixture.
  
  Pour the batter into a greased and floured (or wax paper lined &
  sprayed) 9 inch square pan.  Sprinkle on nuts. (Still tastes good if
  you forget.)
  
  Bake about 20 to 30 minutes or until top is set but edges are not
  dried out.  Toothpick will come out clean. Cut into 16 or more
  squares.
  
  1/16 recipe = 165 calories, 1 starch + 1 fat + 1 fruit exchange 3
  grams protein, 27 grams carbohydrate, 7 grams fat, 84 mg sodium
  
  1/24 recipe = 110 calories (1 tsp sugar per serving) 2 grams protein,
  18 grams carbohydrate, 5 grams fat, 56 mg sodium
  
  Adapted from Quick & Easy Diabetic Menus by Betty Wedman, 1993 Shared
  and tested by Elizabeth Rodier Feb 94.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 c  Sugar
      1    Egg, beaten lightly
  1 3/4 c  Cake flour
      1 c  Raisins
      1 c  Nutmeats
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Cloves
      1 c  Applesauce, hot
 
  Cream butter and sugar. Add egg. Stir in dry ingredients. Add hot
  applesauce. Bake in 350 degree oven about 1 hr and 15 mins or until
  toothpick comes out clean. Keeps moist for days. Mrs. Louis Radaj
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CAKE (OB'L DUNKES KUCKA)
 Categories: Penndutch, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Applesauce, unsweetened
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 c  Brown sugar, light
      1 ts Soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Cloves
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      1 c  Raisins
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Mix butter, sugar, salt and spices. Add flour and applesauce in which
  soda has been dissolved. Add the raisins. Pour into an oblong,
  well-greased pan and bake at 350-F about 35 minutes. Source:
  Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book - Fine Old Recipes, Culinary Arts Press,
  1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CAKE 1
 Categories: Cakes, Penndutch
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Applesauce, unsweetened
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 c  Brown sugar, light
      1 ts Soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Cloves
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      1 c  Raisins
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Mix butter, sugar, salt and spices. Add flour and applesauce in which
  soda has been dissolved. Add the raisins. Pour into an oblong,
  wellgreased pan and bake at 350 F about 35 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CAKE BAKED IN A JAR
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Shortening
  2 2/3 c  Sugar
      4    Eggs
      2 c  Applesauce
    2/3 c  Water
  3 1/3 c  All-purpose flo sifted
    1/2 ts Baking powder
      2 ts Baking soda
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Cinnamon
      2 ts Ground cloves
    2/3 c  Nuts, chopped (optional)
 
    Preheat oven to 325-degrees.
  
    Sterilize 5 straight-sided Ball Quilted Crystal (#14400- 81400)
  canning jars, lids and rings by boiling them for 15 minutes. Keep the
  lids and rings in the water until you're ready to use them. Remove
  the jars from the water and place them on a clean dish towel to
  air-dry (up, not upside down). When the jars are cool enough to
  handle, grease the insides with shortening (DO NOT use butter,
  margarine, PAM or Baker's Secret); set aside.
  
    Sift together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon
  and cloves; set aside.
  
    Cream together the shortening and sugar. Beat in the eggs, one at a
  time until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add the applesauce and
  water. Blend the dry ingredients into the applesauce mixture. Fold in
  the nuts.; set aside. Fill well greased jars half full. Place the
  jars onto a cookie sheet or they'll tip over.
  
    Bake for 35 minutes or until a cake tester comes out clean. like you
  would any canned goods.
  
    The method for making the cakes is the same -- no matter which
  recipe you use. The only difference will be the ingredients (of
  course), the amount of jars needed and the baking times- -that's all,
  everything else is the same. Don't limit yourself to the recipes I'm
  giving you -- use your favorite quick-bread recipe. I plan on trying
  the Carrot Cake recipe I posted.
  
    Linda/BDT Burbank, CA (USA)
    Posted in COOKING by: Sandee Eveland 8/31/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CAKE IN JARS
 Categories: Desserts, Fruit, Canned
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 x  ELLIE COLLIN CMKD93F
    2/3 c  SHORTENING
  2 2/3 c  GRANULATED SUGAR
      4 ea Large EGGS
      2 c  APPLESAUCE
    2/3 c  WATER
  3 1/3 c  ALL-PURPOSE FLOUR, sifted
    1/2 ts BAKING POWDER
      2 ts BAKING SODA
  1 1/2 ts SALT
      1 ts GROUND CINNAMON
      2 ts GROUND CLOVES
    2/3 c  NUTS; chopped,optional
 
  Sterilize 8 (12 oz Ball Quilted Crystal - #14400-81400) canning jars,
  lids and rings by boiling for 10 minutes. Remove the jars and allow
  to air-dry and cool. Leave the  lids and rings in the hot water until
  ready to use. Once the jars are cool enough to handle, grease them
  (use a pastry brush) with shortening (DO NOT use Pam or Baker's
  Secret); set aside. Cream together the shortening and sugar. Beat in
  the eggs, one at a time, until the mixture is light and fluffy. Add
  the applesauce and water; set aside. In another bowl, sift together
  the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon and cloves.
  Blend dry ingredients into the applesauce mixture. Fold in the nuts.
  Pour batter into the jars, filling them about 1/2 full. Place jars
  onto a cookie sheet or they'll fall over. Bake in a preheated
  325-degree oven for 35-40 minutes or until a pick inserted deep into
  the center of each cake  comes out clean. Remove jars from the oven,
  one-at-a-time (use HEAVY-DUTY MITTS, the jars ARE HOT!); place a lid,
  then a ring on  top and screw down tightly.
   Place jars onto your counter top to cool. You'll know when the jars
  have sealed, you'll hear a "plinking" sound. If you missed the sound,
  test them by pressing down on the lids once the jars have
  cooled--they shouldn't move at  all.
   Store jars in a cool, dry place. They should keep for about a year.
  I've only been able to keep them for a few weeks, they don't last
  that long around here. They're wonderful for last minute gifts,
  especially for single friends.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CAKE SQUARES
 Categories: 
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
  1 1/3 c  Butter; softened
      5    Eggs
  1 3/4 c  Juice, apple, concentrated
  1 1/2 c  Applesauce
  5 1/4 c  Flour
      5 ts Baking powder
      5 ts Cinnamon, ground
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
      3 lg Apples; peeled/chopped
           Creamy Topping
  1 1/3 c  Cream, heavy
      3 ts Extract, vanilla
      1 ts Cinnamon, ground
 
  Preheat oven to 375.  Beat butter in large bowl until creamy. Blend in
  eggs, juice, and applesauce.  Combine dry ingredients. Gradually add
  to egg mixture, beating until well blended. Stir in appls. Spread
  batter evenly into greased 8" square baking pan. Bake 20-25 minutes,
  until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean.
  
  Cool on wire rack.  Cut into squares.  Serve warm or at room
  temperature, with Creamy Topping if desired.
  
  Creamy Topping: Beat cream in small bowl at high speed of electric
  mixer until soft peaks form.  Beat in vanilla and cinnamon until
  stiff peaks form.
  
  Nutrition information per piece: 229 calories,  4 gm protein, 34 gm
  carbohydrate,  8 gm fat,  65 mg cholesterol, 289 mg sodium, 1-1/4
  diabetic starch/bread exchange, 1-3/4 diabetic fat exchange, 1
  diabetic fruit exchange.
  
  Source: "Sugar-Free Desserts," the December 1992 issue of _Favorite
  All-Time Recipes_ magazine
  
  MM by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253, GT Cookbook
  echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CAKE STEAMED
 Categories: Dessert, Steamed foo
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
      1 c  Brown sugar
      1 c  Applesauce
  2 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ground cloves
    1/4 ts Nutmeg -- (opt.)
    1/4 ts Allspice -- (opt.)
      1 c  Walnuts -- chopped
 
  In bowl cream butter; gradually add sugar to the creamed butter.
  Thoroughly mix until fluffy. Add applesauce. Sift together all dry
  ingredients, then add those to the mixture. Add the nuts, and stir
  well. Pour cake mixture into wide-mouth canning jars. WARNING: Please
  use only canning jars that are specially tempered. Do not use cans or
  other jars that may not be appropriate for this method due to lead
  content. Or, use a special crockpot baking pan available thruough
  Rival Co. To assure that baked cakes will slip out easily, grease
  inside of jars well. (Lining bottom of jars with waxed paper also
  will help.) Cover each jar with a piece of foil greased on one side.
  Place greased side down and press foil around edges to seal tightly.
  Place jars in crockpot with crockery liner in place. Cover; cook on
  high-heat setting for 2 3/4 to 3 hours or till cakes spring back when
  touched and a wooden tothpick inserted near the centers comes out
  clean. Remove jars from cooker; cool 10 minutes. Unmold cakes; remove
  waxed paper. Serve warm or cool with whipped topping, if desired.
  
  Recipe By     : Adapted by Troop 21 Southeast Alaska Council BSA
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecake, Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
  1 1/4 c  Graham cracker crumbs about
           -20 square
    1/2 c  Chopped toasted pecans
    1/4 c  Brown sugar, firmly packed
    1/4 c  Margarine or butter melted

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      3 pk Cream cheese, softened 8 oz
           -each pk
      1 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour
      3    Eggs
      1 c  Applesauce
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1    Dash or two of nutmeg

MMMMM--------------------TOASTED PECAN SAUCE-------------------------
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
  1 1/4 c  Brown sugar, firmly packed
      2 tb Light corn syrup
    1/2 c  Whipping cream
      1 c  Toasted pecans
 
  Heat oven to 350 degrees.  In medium bowl, combine all the crust
  ingredients; mix well.  Press in bottom of
       10    inch spring-form pan.
  
  In large bowl, combine cream cheese, sugar, flour; beat until light
  and fluffy.  Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each
  addition. Add remaining ingredients; beat until well blended. Pour
  into crust-lined pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 50-60 minutes or until
  center is set. Cool. Refrigerate for several hours or overnight.
  Shortly before serving, carefully remove sides of pan.
  
  Top each slice with Toasted Pecan Sauce.
  
  Hint:  To minimize cracking, place shallow pan half full of hot water
  on lower oven rack during baking.
  
  Toasted Pecan Sauce: Melt butter in medium saucepan. Stir in brown
  sugar and corn syrup. Bring to a boil, boil 1 minute, stirring
  constantly. Gradually stir in whipping cream; return to a boil.
  Remove from heat. Stir in toasted pecans. Makes 2-1/4 cups of sauce.
  
  From:  Joyce Brophy, Parson's Technology.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CINNAMON BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Applesauce
    3/4 c  Buttermilk
  2 1/2 c  Bread flour
      1 tb Cinnamon
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Brown sugar
      1 tb Butter
  1 1/2 ts Yeast
 
  Place all ingredients in pan in order listed (Hitachi machine).
  Adjust as needed for your machine.
  
  From Automatic Home Bakery Cookbook, Hitachi
  
  Typed for you by: Joan Mershon
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CINNAMON MUFFINS
 Categories: Diabetic, Desserts, Breakfast
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Oat Bran cereal; uncooked
      1 c  Whole wheat flour;
      2 ts Ground cinnamon;
      1 ts Baking powder;
    3/4 ts Baking soda;
    1/2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Unsweetened applesause
    1/2 c  Honey;
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil;
      1    Egg;
      1 ts Pure vanilla extract;
    1/4 c  Walnuts;
 
  Preheat oven to 375.  Coat 12 medium-size cups with vegetables oil or
  line with paper baking cups.  In medium bowl combine Oat Bran cereal,
  flour, cinnamon, baking powder, soda, and salt. In large bowl combine
  applesauce, honey, oil, egg, and vanilla.  Stir in dry ingredients;
  mix well. Stir in nuts. Fill prepared muffin cup almost full. Bake
  15-20 minutes or until golden brown.  Serve warm.
  
  Food Exchanges per serving: 1 STARCH/BREAD EXCHANGE + 1 FAT EXCHANGE
  + 1/2 FRUIT EXCHANGE. CHO: 23g; PRO: 3g; FAT: 7g; CAL: 159;
  Low-sodium diets: Omit salt.
  
  Source: The Are of Cooking for the Diabetic by Mary Abbott
  Hess,R.D.,M.S. and Katharine Middleton
  
  Brought to you and yours via Nancy O'brion and her Meal Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CINNAMON ORNAMENTS
 Categories: Misc, Apples
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -applesauce
           -cinnamon
 
  Take one regular sized can of applesauce and add enough cinnamon to
  make a dough.  Roll out and cut into shapes then bake in a VERY slow
  oven say 150 to 250 until completely dry. Let them air dry over night
  before using. If you are going to use for hanging ornaments punch a
  hole in the top with a straw(drinking kind). This recipe used a lot
  of cinnamon so drain the applesause first then add the spice. You can
  use any spice, apple pie or pumpkin pie spice are nice too. So is a
  little nutmeg added to the cinnamon.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Applesauce; unsweetened
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Butter and lard
      1 ea Egg
      2 c  Flour
      1 c  Raisins; chopped
      1 c  Nut meats
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Cloves
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  Drop from teaspoon.
  
  Note: Combine ingredients. THEN drop by teaspoonfuls onto greased
  cookie sheets. Bake in 375 F. oven till done.
  
  Source: Mrs. Alfred H. Stratton, Goshen Grange, Mahoning County, OH
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE CUPCAKES
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Margarine
      1    Egg
    1/4 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Cinnamon
  1 1/2 ts Nutmeg
      1 c  Unsweetened applesauce
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/4 c  Chopped walnuts
 
  Preheat oven to 375 F.  Cream margarine until fluffy. Beat eggs and
  sugar; add to margarine and blend.
  
  Sift together dry ingredients.  Add to margarine mixture alternately
  with applesauce, mixing well after each addition. Stir in vanilla and
  nuts.
  
  Spoon into 12 cupcake pans sprayed with vegetable pan spray or use
  paper baking cups.  Bake 15-20 min.
  
  1 cupcake - 177 calories, 1 1/2 Starch/bread exchange, 1 1/2 fat 2.7
  gm protein, 9.8 gm fat, 19.8 gm carbohydrate, 207.6 mg sodium, 53.3 mg
  potassium, 1 gm fiber, 23 mg cholesterol
  
  Source:  Am. Diabetes Assoc., Family Cookbook Vol 1 1987 Shared but
  not tested by Elizabeth Rodier Nov 93.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE DATE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour (unsifted)
      2 ts Soda
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Allspice
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Cloves
    1/4 ts Salt
      2    Eggs
      1 c  Lt. brown sugar (packd firm)
    1/2 c  Butter (softened)
      2 c  Applesauce (heated)
      1 c  Dates (chopped)
    3/4 c  Pecans (coarse-shopped)
           Butter frosting
 
  1. Preheat oven to 350 F.  Grease well and flour a 9X9X2" pan. 2. Into
  large bowl, sift flour with soda, spices and salt. Add eggs, brown
  sugar, butter, and 1 cup hot applesauce; at low speed, beat just
  until the ingredients are combined. 3. At medium speed, beat 2
  minutes longer, occasionally scraping the side of the bowl and
  guiding mixture into the beater with a rubber scraper. 4. Add
  remaining applesauce, dates, and walnuts; beat 1 minute. 5. Pour
  batter into pan.  Bake 50 minutes OR UNTIL straw comes out clean.
  Cool 10 minutes in pan.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE FROM COOKING LIVE
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        3 lb mixed apples, i.e.
  :          Cortland;
  :          McIntosh; Golden Delicious;
  :          Gala;
  :          etc , cored and quartered
      1/2 c  water
      3/4 c  to 1 cup sugar -- to taste
  :          Juice of half a lemon
        2 ts cinnamon -- optional
  
  In a large saucepan combine the apples, 1/2 cup water and sugar,
  bring the liquid to a boil, and simmer the mixture, stirring
  occasionally and breaking up the apples, for 20 minutes. When the
  apples are tender and the mixture is the consistency of a chunky
  puree pass the apples through a food mill and return to the saucepan.
  Simmer the applesauce, gently, for an additional 5 to 10 minutes or
  until slightly thickened. Adjust seasoning with lemon juice, sugar
  and cinnamon. Serve the applesauce warm or chilled.
  
  Yield: 4 cups
  
  Recipe By     : COOKING LIVE SHOW #CL8745
  
  From: "Angele And Jon Freeman" <jfreemadate: Mon, 28 Oct 1996 10:03:35
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE FUDGIES
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      2    Squares unsweetened
           -chocolate
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Sweetened applesauce
      2    Eggs, beaten
      1 c  Brown sugar, firmly packed
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Sifted flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Choped walnuts
 
  Melt chcocolate and butter together. Mix applesauce, eggs, sugar and
  vanilla. Sift dry ingredients into applesauce mixture. Stir until
  blended; add chocolate and stir well. Pour into greased 9 inch square
  pan. Sprinkle with walnuts. Bake in 350F. oven for 30 minutes. Cut in
  2 inch squares; cool in pan on racks. Makes 16. ** from FARM
  JOURNAL'S COUNTRY COOKBOOK
  
  From one of the head kooks at Rhinoceros Kitchen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE GRANOLA COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 48 Servings
 
      2 lg Eggs
      2 tb Vegetable Oil
      1 c  Applesauce
      2 tb Apple Juice Concentrate
      2 c  Unbleached White Flour
    1/2 ts Baking Powder
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
      2 c  Unsweetened Granola*
 
  Beat together eggs, oil, applesauce, and apple juice concentrate. Add
  flour, baking powder, and spices; beat well. Mix in granola. Drop
  batter by teaspoons onto lightly oiled baking sheets. Bake at 350
  degrees for 7-10 minutes or until firm to the touch and browned on
  the bottom. Cool on wire racks. *To make granola, combine equal
  amounts of any of the following: rolled oats, chopped nuts, flaked
  coconut, finely chopped dried fruit, sunflower seeds.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE KUGEL (PAREVE)
 Categories: Casseroles, Passover
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
 
        1 lb Broad Egg Noodles -- cooked
  :          as directed
        2 c  Applesauce, Unsweetened
        6 ea Eggs -- beaten
        1 ts Salt
        2 ts Cinnamon
      1/2 c  Margarine -- melted
        2 ts Vanilla Extract
        1 c  Granulated Sugar
  
  Pre-heat oven to 325 degrees F.
  
  Combine margarine and sugar in a large mixing bowl. Whisk in eggs,
  beating until light and frothy.  Add remaining ingredients, including
  noodles. Pour mixture into lightly greased 4-quart baking dish (10 x
  12 inches). Bake for 1 hour.  Let cool completely before cutting,
  then reheat.
  
  Freezes well.
  
  Recipe By     : Mimi Markofsky
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE MAPLE MUFFINS
 Categories: Bread, Low fat
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 c  Whole Wheat hour
      1 tb Baking Powder
  1 1/4 c  Unsweetened applesauce
    1/2 c  Maple syrup
      2    Egg whites
    1/2 c  Dark raisins or chopped
           Walnuts
 
  Combine the flour and baking powder, and stir to mix well. Add the
  applesauce, maple syrup, and egg whites, and stir just until the dry
  ingredients are moistened. Fold in the raisins or walnuts.
  
  Coat muffin cups with nonstick cooking spray, and fill 3/4 full with
  the batter. Bake at 350F for 16 to 18 minutes, or just until a wooden
  toothpick inserted in the center of a muffin comes out clean.
  
  Remove the muffin tin from the oven, and allow it to sit for 5 minutes
  before removing the muffins. Serve warm or at room temperature. Typos
  by Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@aol.com> Source: Secret of Fat Free Baking
  (1994), by Sandra Woodruff, RD
  
  From asher@mcs.com Mon Aug 19 12:32:00 1996 Apologies to the list for
  posting two responses to 'remove' posts. I shouldn't be so quick to
  send them off.  I have to remember to delete the cc to the list.
  
  Okay, and to make it legal, I'll attach a recipe.
  
  Pat asher@mcs.com
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE MERINGUE
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Applesauce
      1 tb Lemon Juice
      4 x  Egg Yolks
      4 x  Egg Whites
      8 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
 
  Grated rind of 1 Lemon Preheat oven to 300 deg F.
   Combine applesauce, lemon juice and rind. Beat in egg yolks and pour
  into baking dish. In separate bowl, beat egg whites until peaks form.
  Gradually add sugar while continuing to beat. Add vanilla.
   Mix approx. 1/4 of meringue thru applesauce and spoon remaining
  meringue on top.
   Bake 15 minutes. Good hot or cold.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE MUFFINS (NO GUILT BAKING)
 Categories: Muffins, Desserts, Breakfast
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1    Large egg
      2 tb Vegetable oil
  1 1/2 c  Unsweetened applesauce
      2 c  Flour
    3/4 ts Baking soda
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Raisins (optional)
 
  Combine egg, oil and applesauce. Blend in remaining ingredients. Bake
  in no-stick pan, at 425 deg f. for 25 minutes or until lightly
  browned on top. Makes 12 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE NUT BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  All-purpose flour
    3/4 c  Granulated sugar
      3 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Coarsely chopped walnuts
      1    Egg
      1 c  Canned/jar applesauce (Motts
           -is great)
      2 tb Melted shortening
 
  Start heating oven to 350.  Grease 9x5x3 loaf pan. Onto waxed paper,
  sift flour, baking powder, cinnamon, salt, soda; add walnuts. In
  mixing bowl, beat egg; add applesauce, shortening. Add flour mixture;
  stir just until blended; turn into pan.  Bake 1 hour.  Cool in pan 10
  minutes; remove. Cool overnight before slicing.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE NUT BREAD +++TMPJ72B
 Categories: Breads, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------BREAD--------------------------------
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Applesauce
    1/3 c  Vegetable oil
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      2 ts Eggs
      3 ts Milk
      2 c  Sifted flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
    3/4 c  Chopped pecans

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Brown sugar, packed
    1/4 c  Chopped pecans
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
 
  In a large mixing bowl, thoroughly combine sugar, applesauce, oil,
  eggs and milk. Sift together flour, soda, baking powder, cinnamon,
  salt and nutmeg. Add to applesauce mixture and beat until well
  combined. Stir in pecans. Turn batter into well greased loaf baking
  pan. For topping, combine brown sugar, cinnamon and pecans. Sprinkle
  evenly over batter. Bake at 350 degrees for 1 hour. Cap loosely with
  foil after the first 30 minutes of baking. Remove from pan and cool
  on rack. Source: Colorado Cache Cookbook (an oldie but goodie) From:
  Dottie Cross TMPJ72B Reformatted by: CLM, HCPM52C
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE OAT BRAN MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Muffins
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  All purpose flour
      1 c  Oat bran
    1/4 c  Packed brown sugar
      4 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Ground cinnamon or pumpkin
           Pie spice
    1/2 c  Unsweetened applesauce
    1/2 c  Water
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
      2 lg Egg whites
 
  Place flour, oat bran, brown sugar, baking powder, and cinnamon or
  pumpkin pie spice in bowl and mix well at low speed. In a separate
  bowl combine the applesauce, water, oil, and egg whites and beat with
  a fork to blend. Add applesauce mixture to flour mixture and mix at
  medium speed only until all flour is moistened. Grease muffin tins
  with margarine or line with paper cups.  Fill muffin tins 1/2 full
  and bake at 400 F for about 20 minutes, or until muffins are browned
  and spring back when touched in the center. Serve hot, if possible.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE OATMEAL DROPS
 Categories: Digest, Mar95
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/4 c  White sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Natural unsweetened
           Applesauce
      1 c  Rolled oats
      1 c  Sifted all purpose flour
    1/2 c  Seedless raisins
 
  Mix sugars and add applesauce.  Sift together dry ingrediants and
  stir in. Add oats and raisins.  Drop by spoonfuls onto lightly
  greased cookie sheet. Bake at 375 degrees about 10 minutes.
  
  Note:  I left out the raisins because I don't care for them. Also, I
  added 1/2 tsp of cinnamon.  The next time I make these I may cut back
  on the sugar because they are rather sweet. These cookies were nice
  and fluffy (for a fat-less cookie) and remind me of muffins. These
  are so quick and easy to make, I just love them! I hope everyone
  enjoys them.
  
  Posted by "Ann Lally" <ALALLY@clemson.edu> to the Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 16 Issue 10] Mar. 14, 1995.
  
  Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen
  Mintzias, km@salata.com.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE PEANUT BUTTER SQUARES
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Butter Or Margarine;
           Softened
      1 c  Granulated Sugar
    3/4 c  Peanut Butter
      1 lg Egg
  1 1/4 c  Unbleaced All-Purpose Flour
      1 ts Baking Soda
    1/2 ts Ground Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Ground Nutmeg
      1 c  Applesauce
 
  Cream the butter.  Gradually add the granulated sugar, blending well.
  Add the peanut butter and egg and blend well. Combine the flour,
  baking soda, salt, cinnamon and nutmeg, mixing well. Add to the
  creamed mixture alternately with the applesauce.  Pour the batter
  into a greased 8-inch square pan.  Bake in a preheated 350 Degree F.
  oven for about 40 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in the
  center comes out clean. Cool, in the pan, for 10 minutes and cut into
  squares.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE RAISIN BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3    Eggs
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Oil
      2 c  Applesauce
      2 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
      3 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Nutmeg
    3/4 c  Coconut
    1/2 c  Nuts
      1 c  Raisins
 
  Mix together first 5 ingredients; set aside.  Mix together the dry
  ingredients in another bowl and pour thin batter into it. Grease 2
  bread tins, bake in oven for about 60 minutes, check with toothpick.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Cinnamon imperials
           -(candy)
      1 c  Water
      1 c  Applesauce
      3 oz Lemon jello mix
           -(1 small package)
      5    Ice cubes (or less)
 
  Place the candy and water in a pot.  Bring to a boil, stirring to
  dissolve the candy. Add jello powder and stir until it is dissolved.
  
  Stir in applesauce and ice cubes until ice cubes are melted. Pour
  into a bowl and refrigerate until set (1 hour or more).
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Applesauce jello salad -- A delicious jello salad, taken from The
  Monterey Coast Guard Officers' Wives Club Cookbook. My sister-in-law
  was the president of the club which put that cookbook together.
  
  *  Substituting apple cider or apple juice for the water adds
  tremendous taste.  We prefer homemade chunky style applesauce to
  processed commercial brands.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  10 minutes preparation, 1-3 hours to chill.
  : Precision:  approximate measurement OK.
  
  : Sue LoVerso
  : Encore Computer Corp.  Marlboro, MA   USA
  : sue@multimax.arpa
  : {decvax, allegra, ihnp4}!encore!sue
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE SPICE CAKE #3
 Categories: Cakes, Diabetic
      Yield: 28 Slices
 
      3 c  Water, divided
  1 1/4 c  Raisins
  2 1/2 c  Unsweetened applesauce
      3    Eggs, beaten **
           Sugar substitute to eqaul
           -1 1/2 cups sugar
      1 c  Vegetable oil
      3 c  Self-rising flour
      3 tb Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Baking soda
      2 tb Vanilla extract
           Vegetable cooking spray
           **PERSONAL NOTE from Ursula
           -Taylor - to cut back on
           -fat why not use an egg
           -substitute.
 
    SOURCE: All New Cookbook for Diaberics and Their Families,
  University of Alabama at Birmingham, copyright 1988, ISBN
  #0-8487-0750-8. MM format by Ursula R. Taylor.
    1.  Combine 2 1/2 cups water and raisins in a small Dutch oven;
  bring to a boil.  Boil until water evaporates or is absorbed by
  raisins. Remove from heat.
    2.  Add applesauce, eggs, sugar substitute, oil, and remaining 1/2
  cup water.  Stir until well combined.
    3.  Sift together flour, cinnamon, and soda; gradually add to
  applesauce mixture with vanilla, stirring after each addition.
    4.  Spoon batter into a 10-inch Bundt pan coated with spray. Bake
  at 350~ for 40 to 45 minutes or until a wooden pick inserted in
  center comes out clean. Cool in pan 10 minutes; remove from pan, and
  cool on a wire rack.
    Yield:  28 slices.
    Exchanges per slice:  2 fat, 1 starch and 1/2 fruit.
    Nutritional information per slice:  165 calories, 20 gm
  carbohydrate, 2 gm protein, 29 mg cholesterol,  8 gm fat, trace of
  fiber and 26 mg sodium. Submitted By LIR119@DELPHI.COM On SUN, 21 JAN
  1996 083110 -0500 (EST)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE SURPRISE MINI-MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 3 Dozen
 
      2 c  Unbleached flour
    1/4 c  Wheat germ (opt)
      1 tb Apple pie spice or 1ts each
           -of cinnamon, allspice and
           -nutmeg
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Honey
      2    Jars (4oz) strained carrots
           -or 1 cn (16oz) pumpkin
           -puree
    2/3 c  Applesauce
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      2    Eggs; lightly beaten
           Vegetable oil spray
 
  Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Stir together flour, wheat germ, spices,
  baking powder and salt in a large bowl. Set aside. Stir together
  honey, carrots or pumpkin, applesauce, vegetable oil and eggs in
  second bowl. Stir wet ingredients into dry, mixing until completely
  moistened. Do not over beat. Coat mini-muffi pans with vegetable oil
  spray and spoon in batter. Bake for 1-to14 minutes, until muffins
  will spring back when touched.
  
  Nutritional info per serving: 56 cal; 1.1g fat (18%), 1.1g pro, 10.4g
  carb
  
  Formatted 7/10/95 by Lisa Crawford (LISA_POOH@DELPHI.COM)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE TEA BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  White flour
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 tb Cinnamon
      8 oz Applesauce
      1 ea Egg
      1 c  Skim milk
 
  Mix the dry ingredients together and add the applesauce, then the egg
  and milk.  Pour into nonstick loaf pan and bake at 350F for 50 min.
  Remove and cool. Cal: 77 (slice); Fat: 1/10g.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE TREASURE LOAF
 Categories: Breads, Quick
      Yield: 2 Loaves
 
      1 c  Shortening; soft
  1 1/2 c  Brown sugar, firmly packed
      4    Eggs
  2 1/2 c  Sifted all-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Soda
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 ts Cloves
    3/4 ts Nutmeg
      2 c  Sweetened canned applesauce
  1 1/2 c  Quaker Oats, uncooked
           -- (quick or old-fashioned)
      1 c  Raisins
      1 c  Pitted dates
           -- cut in small pieces
      1 c  Candied red cherries
           -- cut in small pieces
      1 c  Chopped nutmeats
 
  Beat shortening and sugar together until creamy.  Add eggs, one at a
  time, beating well after each addition. Sift together 2 cups of the
  flour, baking powder, soda, salt and spices. Add alternately with
  applesauce to creamed mixture; blend well.  Stir in oats.
  
  Combine remaining 1/2 cup flour with raisins, dates, cherries and
  nutmeats; stir to coat fruits and nutmeats evenly with flour. Stir
  into batter. Pour into 2 greased and waxed paper-lined 8-1/2" x
  4-1/2" x 2-1/2" loaf pans.
  
  Bake in preheated very slow oven (275 F.) about 2 hours. Set pan of
  hot water in bottom of oven while loaves are baking. Loosen edges;
  cool on wire rack about 10 minutes. Remove from pans; cool
  thoroughly. Wrap cooled bread and store one day before slicing.
  
  Source: Our Favorites for family and friends Reprinted with
  permission from The Quaker Oats Company Electronic format courtesy of
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE WALNUT CAKE
 Categories: Box cakes, Fruits, Layer cakes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 pk Butter recipe golden cake
           - mix
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine; soften
  1 1/3 c  Applesauce
      3    Eggs
      1 ts Cinnamon
  2 1/2 oz Black walnuts; chopped
 
  Preheat oven to 375~. Grease and flour 2, 9x1 1/2" round cake pans.
  Put dry cake mix, butter, applesauce, eggs and cinnamon into large
  mixer bowl. Beat for 4 minutes at medium speed. Stir in black
  walnuts. Turn batter into pans and spread evenly. Bake for 30-35
  minutes. Frost with Mocha Frosting. (see recipe)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE-BRAN MUFFINS (LF)
 Categories: Low fat, Muffins
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  100% bran cereal
      1 c  Skim milk
           Egg -- slightly beaten
    1/2 c  Unsweetened applesauce
  2 1/2 tb Butter or margarine --
           Melted
      1 c  All-purpose flour
  2 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 c  Brown sugar
 
  Preheat oven to 400F. In a large bowl, combine cereal and milk. Set
  aside. In another bowl, combine egg, applesauce and melted butter.
  Stir into the cereal mixture. Add the dry ingredients, stirring until
  just blended. Spray a muffin tin with cooking spray or line with
  baking cups. Fill each cup 3/4 full. Bake at 400F for 15 minutes or
  until nicely browned on top. Makes 12 muffins. Per Muffin: 117 cals,
  23mg chol, 4gm dietary fiber, 2.5gm fat,
      238 mg sodium
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Jean@mcc2.Sws.Uiuc.Edu (Jean Denn
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE-COCOA SQUARES <R T>
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Fatfree
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      1 c  Flour, all-purpose; unbleach
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Cocoa; unsweetened
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 c  Nonfat milk; originally skim
    1/4 c  Applesauce, unsweetened
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    3/4 c  Brown sugar, packed
  1 3/4 c  Hot water
 
  Recipe by: 500 Fatfree Recipes, Sarah Schlesinger, pg 352 Preheat
  oven to 350 deg F.  Line an 8" sq baking pan with a baking pan liner
  or spray lightly with vegetable cooking spray.
  
  Combine flour, sugar, 1/4 C of the cocoa, and baking powder in a
  mixing bowl.
  
  Combine milk, applesauce, and vanilla in a separate bowl.
  
  Stir wet ingredients into dry ingredients.
  
  Spoon batter into pan.
  
  Combine brown sugar, remaining 1/4 C cocoa, and water.
  
  Pour over batter.
  
  Bake for 40 min.
  
   Remove from oven and cool in pan.
  
  Cut into 16 squares.
  
  These are very good!
  
  Typed and tested for you by Reggie Dwork reggie@reggie.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE-DATE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 3 Dozen
 
      2 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Cloves
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Nuts; chopped
    1/2 c  Dates; chopped
    1/2 c  Shortening
      1 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
      1 c  Applesauce, thick
 
  Sift together the flour, cloves, cinnamon, nutmeg, baking powder,
  baking soda and salt.  Mix half a cup of the flour mixture with the
  nuts and dates.
  
  Cream the shortening in a mixing bowl. Stir in the sugar and beat
  until the mixture is fluffy. Add the egg, and beat again. Add the
  sifted dry ingredients alternately with the applesauce, blending well
  after each addition. Stir in the floured fruit-nut mixture; drop by
  tablespoons two inches apart on a greased baking sheet. Bake at 350
  F. for 15 to 20 minutes. Do not overbake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE-OATMEAL MUFFINS
 Categories: Desserts, Digest
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  Rolled Oats
      1 c  Non-fat milk (was:
           -buttermilk)
      1 c  Wheat flour
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    1/2 c  Applesauce (I used chunky)
      2    Egg whites or egg
           -substitute
      1 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt (optional)
 
  ~ Soak oats in milk for ~1 hour.  Combine the rest of the
  ingredients, mix well, and bake at 400 degrees for
       25    minutes in a muffin tin.
  
  ~ Makes 12 medium-sized muffins (guaranteed to turn you into a
  marathoner ;-) Shared by Mike D. Kail
  
  From Fatfree Digest April-May 1994, Formatting by Sue Smith (using
  MMCONV)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE-RAISIN COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Low-cal
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 c  Unsweetened Applesauce
    1/2 c  Whole Wheat Flour
    1/2 c  Unbleached White Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/8 ts Ground cloves
    1/2 c  Rolled oats
    1/2 c  Raisins
 
  Cream the oil and sugar together.  Add the egg and beat until light.
  Blend in the vanilla and applesauce. Stir in the flours, baking
  powder, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves, oats and raisins into the
  creamed mixture. Blend well. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto lightly-oiled
  baking sheets. Bake in a 375 F oven for 8-10 min or until lightly
  browned. Cool on a wire rack. Makes 24 cookies, each 56 calories 10
  carbohydrates, 1 protein, 2 fat, 47 sodium, 49 potassium, 11
  cholesterol 1/2 fruit exchange, 1/2 fat exchange Source: Holiday
  Cookbook, American Diabetes Association ISBN 0-13-024894-0, by Betty
  Wedman, M.S., R.D. from Norman Brown, main cooking echo March 93,
  QBook format
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE-RAISIN DOUGHNUTS-MIX
 Categories: Mixes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           Shortening for frying
      2 c  Bake it all mix
    1/3 c  Applesauce
    1/4 c  Raisins -- finely chopped
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
 
  Combine applesauce, raisins, sugar, nutmeg, cinnamon, vanilla and
  egg. Add Mix, stirring until thoroughly
  :       blended. Turn dough onto well-floured surgace and knead about
  10 times or until smooth. Roll or pat dough to about 1/2 inch
  thickness. Cut into rings using floured doughnut cutter. Fry 3 or 4
  rings at a time in hot shortening. Turn as soon as they rise to the
  surface and continue turning
     until golden brown.  Drain on paper towels. Shake doughnuts in
  mixture of 1/2 cup sugar and 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg. Yield: 1 dozen,
  2-1/2 inch doughnuts and holes
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE-RAISIN SQUARES
 Categories: Cakes, Low-cal
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
      1    Egg
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Low-fat plain yogurt or
           1/2 tb lemon juice in milk
    3/4 c  Brown sugar
      1 c  Applesauce
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 ts Grated lemon rind (or orange
    1/2 c  Raisins
      1 c  Whole-wheat flour
    1/2 c  Natural bran
      1 ts Baking powder
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Ginger
    1/4 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/3 c  Sliced almonds, optional
 
  In large mixing bowl, beat egg; add oil, yogurt, brown sugar,
  applesauce, vanilla and lemon/orange rind; mix well.
  
  In another bowl, stir together raisins, flour, bran, baking powder,
  cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg; add to wet ingredients and mix only until
  combined.
  
  Turn into lightly greased (or wax-paper lined) 8" square cake pan.
  Lightly press almonds into top of batter. Bake in 350 F oven for 45
  min or until tester inserted in center comes out clean. (Squares will
  be moist.) Let cool, then cut into squares.  Makes 25 small squares 1
  1/2 inch.
  
  Per square: 88 cal, 3 g fat, 11 mg cholesterol, 10 mg sodium, 2 g
  protein, 14 g carbohydrate 1 1/2 fruit choice, 1/2 fat
  
  Source:   The Lighthearted Cookbook by Anne Lindsay 1988 Heart and
  Stroke Foundation of Ontario Shared and tested by Elizabeth Rodier
  Aug 93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE-SPICE DROPS
 Categories: Cookies, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Packed Brown Sugar
      1 c  Shortening
    1/2 c  Cold Coffee
     16 oz (1cn) Unsweetened Applesauce
      2    Large Eggs
  3 1/2 c  Unbleached All-Purpose Flour
      1 ts Baking Soda
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Ground Cinnamon
      1 ts Ground Nutmeg
      1 ts Ground Cloves
      1 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Coarsely Chopped Nuts
 
  Heat oven to 400 degrees F.  Mix brown sugar, shortening, coffee,
  applesauce and eggs.  Stir in remaining ingredients (dough will be
  very soft.  Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls about 2 inches apart onto
  lightly greased cookie sheet.  Bake until almost no indentation
  remains when touched, about 7 minutes. Makes about 7 dozen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCE-WHOLE WHEAT SQUARES
 Categories: Crackers
      Yield: 55 Servings
 
      2 c  Whole wheat or whole wheat
           Pastry flour
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Plus 1 Tablespoon oil
      1 c  Apple sauce
 
  "Their true applesauce taste makes these crackers a welcome
  after-school snack. 350~F. 15 to 20 minutes Preheat the oven to 350~F.
  
  Stir together the flour, cinnamon, and salt in a large bowl or in the
  food processor. Add the oil and blend until the mixture resembles
  coarse meal. Add the apple sauce and mix well. Gather into a ball. If
  dough is too wet, knead in a little flour.
  
  Divide the dough into 2 equal portions for rolling. On a floured
  surface or pastry cloth, roll thin, 1/16 to 1/8 inch. With a sharp
  knife, cut into 2-inch squares. Arrange on a baking sheet. Prick each
  square 2 or 3 times with the tines of a fork.
  
  Bake for 10 minutes. Turn and continue baking for another 5 to 10
  minutes, or until crisp. Cool on a rack. Yield: 50-55.
  
  VARIATION: If you want a sweeter cracker, sprinkle the tops with
  turbinado sugar. Roll the rolling pin lightly over the tops before
  cutting to press in the sugar.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESAUCED MEAT LOAF
 Categories: Archives of, Dinner, Fruits, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
        1 Lb Lean Ground Beef
        1 Lb Ground Pork
      1/2 c  Dry Bread Crumbs
      3/4 c  Minced Onions
        1 TB Minced Garlic
        2 Lg Eggs
      1/2 c  Cold Milk
      1/2 c  Ketchup
    1 1/2 ts Salt
    1 1/2 ts Fresh Ground Black Pepper
    1 1/2 ts Ground Allspice
    1 1/2 ts Dried Thyme -- Crumbled
        1 c  Gingered Applesauce Or
  :            -Store-Bought -- See Recipe
        3 TB Apple Cider Or Apple Juice
        2 TB Light Brown Sugar -- Firmly
  :            -Packed
        1 TB Dijon Mustard
  :            -Gingered Applesauce-----
        2 TB Fresh Lemon Juice
        4    Sweet-Tart
  :            -Newtown Pippin
        3 TB Sugar -- Or More If Needed
    1 1/2 ts Peeled Fresh Ginger --
  :            -Finely Grated
  :            -Apples, Mcintosh, Cortland,
  
  1. Preheat the oven to 375 F. Lightly butter a roasting pan. 2.
  Combine the beef, pork, bread crumbs, onion, and garlic in a large
  mixing bowl. In a separate bowl, lightly beat the eggs. Beat in the
  milk, ketchup, and seasonings and add to the meat. Mix with your
  hands just until well combined. (A wooden spoon won't do the job as
  well as your hands.) 3. Shape the meat into an oval loaf in the
  buttered roasting pan and bake until evenly browned, 50 minutes. 4.
  Combine the applesauce, apple cider, brown sugar, and heat over
  medium heat until the sugar is dissolved, about 2 minutes. 5. Pour
  the applesauce mixture over the meat loaf, covering it well, and
  continue baking until the top is golden brown, 20 to 25 minutes
  longer. Remove the meat loaf from the oven and let it rest for 5
  minutes before serving. Makes 6 to 8 entree servings.
  
  GINGERED APPLESAUCE 1. Place the lemon juice in a large saucepan.
  Peel, core, and cut each apple into eighths. As you add the apples to
  the pot, toss them to coat with the lemon juice to prevent
  discoloration. 2. Add 1/3 cup water, the sugar, and grated ginger and
  bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to medium-low, cover, and cook until
  the apples are tender, 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from the heat and mash
  coarsely with a fork. Taste and add more sugar if necessary. The
  applesauce should be be a bit chunky.
  
  VARIATIONS: APPLE-HORSERADISH SAUCE: Substitute 1/2 cup of freshly
  grated peeled horseradish for the ginger. If desired, add 2 cups
  mayonnaise. Great with roast beef.
  
  APPLESAUCE WITH FRESH FRUIT: Substitute 1/2 cup fresh or thawed frozen
  raspberries, peaches , or blueberries for the ginger, and stir in 2
  Tbs brandy or sake. This is great with game or fowl.
  
  PASSION-APPLESAUCE: Omit the ginger. Just after you remove the pan
  from the heat, stir the pulp (seeds and all) of 2 passion fruits into
  the applesauce. This goes well with almost anything, especially
  grilled sausages, smoked pork chops, and venison.
  
  DESSERT APPLESAUCE: Puree the Gingered Applesauce then thin it with
  fresh apple cider to the desired consistency. Use it as a topping for
  ice cream, angel-food cake, or pound cake.
  
  Recipe By     : Nicole Routhier's Fruit Cookbook - ISBN 1-56305-565-1
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLESCOTCH PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts, Apples
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      5 c  Apples (tart); (note below)
           -peeled and thinly sliced
      1 c  Brown sugar; firmly packed
    1/4 c  Water
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      2 tb Granulated sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
      3 tb Butter or margarine
      2    Pie crust shells (9");
           -unbaked
 
  Mix together the apples, brown sugar water and lemon juice in a
  2-quart saucepan. Heat to boiling; reduce heat. Cover and simmer 7-8
  minutes or JUST until apples are tender.
  
  Mix together the flour, granulated sugar and salt; stir into apple
  mixture. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens and boils.
  Boil and stir 1 minute; remove from heat. Stir in the vanilla and
  butter or margarine; cool.
  
  Preheat oven to 425-degrees. Prepare pastry (or use store-bought).
  Turn apple mixture into pastry-lined pie plate. Cover with top crust
  in which you've cut slits; flute the edges. Cover edge of pie crust
  with foil (or cut out an aluminum pan--keeping just the edge) to
  prevent excessive browning; remove foil during the last 15 minutes of
  baking. Bake 40-45 minutes or until crust is golden brown.
  
  Note: I've found that ANY recipe calling for tart apples, you get more
  flavor by mixing the types of apples. As we have an abundance of
  varied apples,
  
  Fuji's, Granny Smith and Gala's...they all vary in flavor, texture,
  etc. Experiment with your favorite
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPLE~ RAISIN~ & ROSEMARY DRESSING
 Categories: Side dish
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      2 c  Fresh bread crumbs
      4 tb Butter
      3 tb Water
    2/3 c  Chopped celery
    1/2 c  Chopped onions
  1 1/2 c  Chopped, peeled apples
           -(about 2)
    1/4 c  Golden raisins
    1/2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Dried rosemary
      2 tb Dry Madeira or
      1 tb Brandy
           Salt and freshly ground
           -pepper to taste
 
  Preheat the oven to 225 F Spread the crumbs on a baking sheet and dry
  and toast them in the oven 5 to 10 minutes. Melt the butter in the
  water in a large skillet. Add the celery and onions, and sauté until
  the onions have absorbed the butter and are limp. Don't brown them.
  Add the apples, raisins, bread crumbs, baking powder, rosemary, and
  the Madeira or brandy. Season with salt/pepper to taste and toss well
  with a fork. If the stuffing seems overly dry, add an egg or a little
  chicken stock. Stuff a crown roast of pork or a turkey per your
  pork/turkey baking times/temps or place in a casserole dish and bake
  uncovered at 325 F until browned, about 25 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APPROXIMATE EQUIVALENTS
 Categories: Info/tips
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------MEASURE EQUIVALENTS-------------------------
      3 ts 1 tb
     16 tb 1 c
    1/4 c  4 tb
    1/3 c  5-1/3 tb
      2 c  1 pt
      4 c  1 qt
      2 pt 1 qt
  1 1/2 fl 1 jigger

MMMMM---------------------WEIGHT EQUIVALENTS--------------------------
      1 oz 25 gm
   1/16 oz 1 gm; 0.035 oz
      1 oz 28.35 gm
      1 lb 453.6 grams
  2 1/4 lb 1 kg

MMMMM--------------------PRODUCT EQUIVALENTS-------------------------
  3 1/2 c  1 lb brown sugar
  2 1/4 c  1 lb granulated sugar
  3 3/4 c  1 lb powdered sugar
      2 c  1 lb butter
      2 c  1 lb shortening
  4 1/2 c  1 lb cheese; grated
  3 3/4 c  1 lb flour
  3 1/3 c  1 lb whole wheat flour
  3 1/4 c  1 lb corn meal
      3 c  1 lb raisins, seeded
  2 2/3 c  1 lb dates, pitted
  3 1/2 c  1 lb dates, unpitted

MMMMM----------------------CAN EQUIVALENTS---------------------------
  1 1/2 c  #1 can
  2 1/2 c  #2 can
  3 1/2 c  #2-1/2 can
      4 c  #3 can
     13 c  #10 can

MMMMM---------------------OTHER EQUIVALENTS--------------------------
  4 1/2 c  3 lb chicken, cooked/diced
           -(1-1/2 lb)
      2 tb Cocoa = 1 chocolate square
      1 c  Uncooked macaroni = 2-2/3
           -c cooked
      1 lb Uncooked meat = 2-2/3 cooked
      1 c  Uncooked rice = 4 c cooked
      1 c  Uncooked spaghetti=2c cooked
 
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT & CUCUMBER SOUP
 Categories: Appetizers, Soups, Fruits, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 oz Dried apricots
  1 1/2 pt Vegetable stock
      1 ea Orange, juiced & rind grated
      1 md Cucumber
      1 md Onion, finely chopped
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      2 ts Curry powder
           Salt & pepper
      2 tb Pumpkin seeds, to garnish
 
  Soak the apricots in the stock with the grated orange rind for 2 to 3
  hours.  Add the orange juice & simemr for 45 minutes.
  
  Cut 8 thin slices from the cucumber & reserve for garnish. Peel &
  roughly chop the remainder.
  
  Fry the onion in the oil over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes,
  stirring once or twice.  Stir in the curry powder & chopped cucumber
  & cook for 2 minutes.
  
  Puree the apricots with the stock & the cucumber mixture. Return to
  the pan & heat gently.  Season with salt & pepper.
  
  Serve the soup garnished with floating slices of cucumber topped with
  the pumpkin seeds.  Black rye bread makes a good accompaniment.
  
  Pamela Westland, "Fruit"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT & LEMON LIP BALM
 Categories: Herbal
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 ts Beeswax (5 ml)
      1 ts Apricot kernel oil (5 ml)
      1 ts Calendula oil (5 ml)
           Few drops essential oil of
           Lemon or orange
 
  a delicious protective and healing gloss especially good for chapped
  lips.
  
  1.  melt the beeswax.  Add the apricot and calendula oils, stirring
  constantly. 2. remove from the heat while stirring and when partly
  cooled, add the essential oils. 3. store in a small glass pot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT & RAISIN CHUTNEY
 Categories: Chutneys
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Dried apricots
      1 qt Hot water
     10 lg Garlic cloves
      1 lg Onion -- chopped fine
      1    3" piece of fresh ginger
  1 1/4 c  Vinegar -- (see Note at
           Bottom)
      1 lb Sugar -- (see Note at
           Bottom)
    1/4 ts Salt -- I use at least 1
           Tsp
    1/4 ts Cayenne
      1 c  Raisins
 
  Makes 5 lbs. Rinse and put the apricots in a bowl with the hot water
  (I add the juice of 1 lemon and the cut up lemon peel) Leave to soak
  for 4 hours. Chop the garlic. Peel and chop the ginger. Blend the
  garlic and ginger with a little of the vinegar  until smooth. Put the
  apricots with their soakings water, the onions, the ginger and garlic
  mixture into an preserving kettle with the rest of the vinegar. Add
  the sugar, salt and cayenne. Bring to a boil and simmer gently for 45
  minutes, stirring occasionally to prevent burning.  Add the raisins
  and continue cooking until the chutney thickens and begins to turn
  shiny. Pack into hot clean jars, cover, process and cool. ~-Note
  : I use brown sugar and regular raisins for a dark chutney - I use
  white sugar and golden raisins for a golden chutney. I don't blend
  the garlic and ginger mixture - I simply mince very small or put
  through a garlic press. You can substitute dried ginger for fresh
  ginger. Chutney is not supposed to require a hot water bath, because
  of the acid level from the vinegar - but I give it a hot water bath
  anyway. You can use apple cider vinegar in this recipe. I use a gas
  cooktop - and I cook the simmer the mixture with a simmer plate
  between the pot and the burners. Be sure you use a heavy bottomed pan
  ~ to prevent scorching or burning. PS: I always refrigerate the
  Chutney after opening the jar. "Sweet chutneys provide a delicious
  finishing touch to cold cuts, cheese and salads. This slightly hot,
  spicy way of dealing with dried apricots and raisins is an original
  and ever popular addition to cold, simple fare? Note - I think the
  author meant "traditional" -
  
  Recipe By     : Harrods book of Jams, Jellies and Chutneys
  
  From: Ladies Home Journal- August 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT & RICE MUFFINS
 Categories: Cyberealm, Low-cal, Breads
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Flour
    2/3 c  Whole Wheat Flour
    1/3 c  Rice Bran
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 c  Cooked, brown Rice
  1 1/2 c  Dried Apricots, diced
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Dried Prunes
    1/4 c  Walnuts, chopped
      1 c  No Fat Yogurth
    2/3 c  Maple Syrup
    1/4 c  Oil
    1/4 c  Eggsubstitute or
      1    Egg, lightly beaten
 
  1. In large bowl combine flours, rice bran, baking powder and
  cinnamon. 2. Stir in rice, apricots, raisins, prunes and walnuts. 3.
  In a small bowl, whisk together the yogurth, syrup, oil and egg. 4.
  Pour over dry ingridients and fold together until just moistened. Do
  not overmix. 5. Line 18 muffin cups with paper liners. Divide the
  batter amoung cups. 6. Bake at 350 F until edges and tops begin to
  brown, about 45 minutes. Out of "Loose Weight Naturally" cookbook.
  Typed by Brigitte Sealing, Cyberealm BBS and home of Kook-Net
  315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT & TOASTED PECAN STUFFING
 Categories: Side dish, Thanxgiving, Stuffing
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Pecans, chopped
    3/4 c  Red onion, chopped
      1 ea Garlic clove, minced
      1 tb Oil
    1/2 c  Dried apricot, chopped
      2 ts Rosemary
      2 ts Sage
    1/4 c  Parsley, chopped
      6 c  Dry bread cubes
  1 3/4 c  Vegetable stock
 
  Preheat oven to 325F.
  
  Dry roast pecans in a medium sized skillet over medium heat until
  fragrant, about 5 minutes, stirring often. Transfer to a large
  serving bowl & set aside.
  
  Saute onion & garlic in oil in the same skillet until just browned,
  about 5 minutes.  Add the apricot, rosemary, sage & parsley & saute
  just until heated through. Add to the bowl containing the pecans &
  mix well.
  
  Stir in the bread cubes & add the stock, 1/2 cup at a time until it
  is the desired moistness.  Transfer to a casserole dish, cover & bake
  for 20 minutes.  Baste occasionally with additional stock. Remove the
  cover & bake for a further 20 minutes.
  
  "Vegetarian Gourmet" Fall, 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT & WALNUT CHUTNEY
 Categories: Relishes, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 lb Apricots; -OR-
      1 lb -Dried apricots
      1 lb Onions; peeled, chopped fine
  1 1/2 pt Cider vinegar
      2    Garlic cloves
           -- peeled, crushed
      2    Oranges (rind only)
      1 lb Light brown sugar
      8 oz Sultanas
      2 ts Salt
      1 ts English mustard
    1/2 ts Powdered allspice
      8 oz Walnuts
           -- very roughtly chopped
 
  Split and stone the fresh apricots and chop roughly. If using dried
  apricots, put them to swell overnight in water. Boil the chopped
  onions for a few moments to soften them, otherwise you always seem to
  get a few hard bits.  Drain.  Put all the ingredients except the
  walnuts into a large preserving pan and bring to the boil. Turn down
  the heat and cook gently, stirring regularly, for 1 1/2 hours until
  the mixture is thick and jammy. Stir in the walnuts.  Pot while hot
  in warm sterilised jars. Seal. Makes about 6 lbs.
  
  Source: Elisabeth Luard in "Country Living" (British), November 1988.
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT & WALNUT CHUTNEY
 Categories: Relishes, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 lb Apricots; -OR-
      1 lb -Dried apricots
      1 lb Onions; peeled, chopped fine
  1 1/2 pt Cider vinegar
      2    Garlic cloves
           -- peeled, crushed
      2    Oranges (rind only)
      1 lb Light brown sugar
      8 oz Sultanas
      2 ts Salt
      1 ts English mustard
    1/2 ts Powdered allspice
      8 oz Walnuts
           -- very roughtly chopped
 
  Split and stone the fresh apricots and chop roughly. If using dried
  apricots, put them to swell overnight in water. Boil the chopped
  onions for a few moments to soften them, otherwise you always seem to
  get a few hard bits.  Drain.  Put all the ingredients except the
  walnuts into a large preserving pan and bring to the boil. Turn down
  the heat and cook gently, stirring regularly, for 1 1/2 hours until
  the mixture is thick and jammy. Stir in the walnuts.  Pot while hot
  in warm sterilised jars. Seal. Makes about 6 lbs.
  
  Source: Elisabeth Luard in "Country Living" (British), November 1988.
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT ALMOND BARK
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb White chocolate
      2 tb Solid vegetable shortening
    1/2 c  Whole toasted almonds
      1 c  Apricot Jelly Belly beans
 
  Line a 10x15-inch jelly roll pan with waxed paper. Melt chocolate and
  shortening in the top part of a double boiler. Stir in almonds and
  jelly beans. Spread into prepared pans. Chill 10 minutes. Score into
  2x3-inch bars with knife. When firm, cut bars apart.
  
  From: Steve Herrick Source: Best Recipes - March/April 1991
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT ALMOND BARS
 Categories: Loo, Cookies, Nuts
      Yield: 60 - 72 cooki
 
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      3 c  Blanched almonds, sliced
      4    Egg whites
      2 tb Flour
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
  2 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Butter
      2    Egg yolks
    1/2 c  Apricot jam
      1 tb Water
      4 oz Bittersweet chocolate
 
  Combine first 6 ingredients. Cook over low heat or in double boiler to
  110F. Set aside.
  
  Preheat oven to 350F. Line a jelly roll pan with foil. Combine flour
  and sugar. Cut in butter. Add egg yolks. Mix until smooth. Press into
  pan and prick with fork. Bake 15 min and then spread almond mixture
  over. Return to oven and bake 20 min more.
  
  Melt jam with water. Strain. Brush over almond mixture as soon as pan
  leaves the oven. Cool pan on rack. Cut into 2" (approx.) squares. Melt
  chocolate and drizzle over cookies.
  
  Carolyn Rosen, Nashville TN 2nd prize, Old Farmer's Almanac 1989
  Holiday Cookie Recipe Contest
  
  From:    Michael Loo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT ALMOND BUNS
 Categories: Breads, Fruits/nuts
      Yield: 14 Servings
 
  4 3/4 c  Flour - all purpose
      1 c  Brown sugar -firm packed
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 pk Yeast
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/2 c  Water
      3 tb Margarine
      2    Eggs
    1/4 c  Margarine - melted
      1 c  Apricots, chopped dried
    1/2 c  Almonds, slivered
 
    In a large bowl, mix 1 cup flour, 1/2 cup brown sugar, salt and
  undissolved yeast.
    Heat milk, water and 3 tbs margarine to 120F -130F. Add to dry
  ingredients; beat 2 minutes at medium speed of mixer. Add eggs and 1
  cup flour; beat at high speed 2 minutes. Stir in enough remaining
  flour to make soft dough.  Knead 8 to 10 minutes.  Set in greased
  bowl; grease top. Cover; let rise until doubled, about 1 hour. Punch
  dough down. Divide in half; roll each to a 14 x 9 inch rectangle.
  Brush with melted margarine; sprinkle with remaining brown sugar,
  apricots and almonds. Roll each up from long side; seal seams. Cute
  each roll into 7 slices. Make 2 cuts in side of each slice, 2/3 the
  way through. Fan sections; set on greased baking sheet.  Cover; let
  rise until doubled. Bake at 375F 15 to 20 minutes.
   Cool.  Glaze if desired. From Fleishmanns's Yeast package 11/90
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT ALMOND COFFEECAKE
 Categories: Breads, Fruits, Newspaper, Easter
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
  3 1/2 c  All-purpose flour
      1 pk RapidRise yeast
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Instant dry milk
      1 ts Salt
      6 oz Apricot baby food
    1/4 c  Water
      2 tb Margarine
      1 lg Egg

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
    1/3 c  Apricot jam or preserves
    3/4 c  Dried apricots, golden
           Raisins, or currants,
           Chopped
    1/3 c  Slivered almonds, toasted

MMMMM---------------------------ICING--------------------------------
      1 c  Powdered sugar, sifted
      2 tb Milk
    1/2 ts Vanilla
 
  In large bowl combine 1 cup flour, undissolved yeast, sugar, instant
  milk, and salt. Heat baby food, water and margarine until very warm
  (120 to 130ø); stir into dry ingredients. Stir in egg and enough
  remaining flour to make a soft dough. Knead on lightly floured
  surface until smooth and elastic, about 6 to 8 minutes. Cover; let
  rest on floured surface 10 minutes. On lightly floured surface, roll
  dough to 20x9-inch rectangle. To fill, evenly spread jam on dough to
  within 1/2 inch of edges. Sprinkle evenly with apricots and almonds.
  Beginning at long end, roll up tightly. Pinch seam to seal. Form into
  ring, pinch ends together to seal. Place, seam side down, on large
  greased baking sheet. With sharp knife, cut slits, starting from
  outer edge, 3/4 of the way through dough at 1-inch intervals. Turn
  each section on its side to show filling. Cover; let rise in warm,
  draft-free place until doubled in size, about 30 to 45 minutes. Bake
  at 350ø for 30 to 35 minutes or until done, covering with foil after
  20 minutes to prevent excess browning. Remove from sheet; let cool on
  wire rack. Drizzle with icing. Icing: Combine all ingredients. Stir
  until smooth.
  
  From the recipe files of Roberta Thompson Source: The News-Enterprise,
  Elizabethtown, KY; Taste of Spring column in the Food section by Mary
  Alice Holt, April 13, 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT AMARETTO CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Almonds; sliced
      1 c  Coconut; flaked, toasted
    1/3 c  Brown sugar; packed
      3 ts Butter, softened
  1 3/4 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Butter
    3/4 c  Brown sugar; packed
      3    Eggs
    1/2 c  Apricot preserves
    1/4 c  Sour cream
    1/4 c  Amaretto
    2/3 c  Dried apricots; snipped
 
  Grease a 10" microwave-safe fluted tube dish. Sprinkle almonds over
  sides. Combine coconut, 1/3 cup brown sugar and 3 tbsp butter. Press
  into bottom of dish. Set aside. Stir together flour, baking soda and
  salt. Beat 1/2 cup butter. Add 3/4 cup brown sugar and beat until
  fluffy. Add eggs, preserves and sour cream. Beat well. Add flour
  mixture and Amaretto, alternately, to beaten mixture, beating well
  after each addition. Fold in apricots. Transfer batter to prepared
  dish. Micro cook, uncovered, on 50 % power (medium) for 12 minutes,
  giving dish a quarter turn every 5 minutes. To test for doneness,
  scratch the slightly wet surface with a wooden toothpick. The cake
  should be cooked underneath. If not done, cook on 100 % (high) for 30
  seconds to 2 minutes or until done. Cool on rack for 5 minutes.
  Invert and cool on a platter.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT APERITIF
 Categories: Crocker, Beverages
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 tb Sugar
        ds Angostura bitters
     22 oz Apricot nectar, chilled
 25 1/2 oz Dry white wine, chilled
     32 oz Mineral water or sparkling
           -water, chilled
     10    Thin slices or wedges lime
           Ground nutmeg
 
  Mix sugar and bitters in 3-quart pitcher. Stir in apricot nec- tar,
  wine and mineral water. Pour over ice in each of 10 eight-ounce
  giasses. Garnish each with lime slice sprinkled with nutmeg. 10
  servings;110 calories per serving.
  
  Source: Betty Crocker's Cookbook, 6th Edition
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BAKED HAM
 Categories: Ham, Main dish
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 ea Fully cooked ham with bone
     20 ea Whole cloves
    1/2 c  Apricot preserves
      3 tb Dry mustard
    1/2 c  Packed light brown sugar
 
  Score the surface of the ham with shallow diamond-shaped cuts. Insert
  cloves in cuts.  Combine preserves and mustard; spread over ham. Pat
  brown sugar over apricot mixture.  Place ham on a rack in a roasting
  pan. Bake at 325 degrees for 20 minutes per pound or until ham is
  heated through and thermometer reads 140 degrees.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BALLS
 Categories: Cookies, Christmas, M. c.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Dried apricots
    1/2 c  Condensed milk, sweetened
      1 c  Coconut
 
  Put apricots through food grinder. Combine apricots with condensed
  milk and coconut. Shape into small balls and roll in fruit sugar.
  Also good rolled in toasted chopped almonds.
  
  NOTES : Mom always made these and I have made them for 25 years,
  Really good but sticky to make.
  
  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #
  
  Recipe by: Mom-Carol Floyd@arnprior.com
  
  From: Bob & Carol Floyd <c.floyd@arnprior.com>
  
  Date: Sun, 08 Dec 1996 23:19:06 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BARS
 Categories: Bakery, Desserts, Cookies, Low-fat
      Yield: 18 Bars
 
      1 c  White flour
    1/3 c  Brown sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Dried apricots
      1 tb Walnuts, chopped
      1 tb Cashews, chopped
    1/3 c  Maple syrup

MMMMM---------------------------ICING--------------------------------
      1 c  Icing sugar
      2 tb Shortening
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      1 tb Apple juice
 
  Sift together flour, sugar, cinnamon, baking powder & salt. Stir in
  the apricots & nuts.  Add the syrup. Stir until the mixture forms a
  thick batter.
  
  Spread the batter into a lightly oiled 8" X 8" baking pan (it is hard
  work, but it will cover -- trust me!). Bake at 350F for 30 to 35
  minutes or until the bars test done. Allow to cool slightly, cut into
  bars. When completely cool, spread with icing & drizzle some melted
  chocolate over the top if desired.
  
  ICING: Cream together sugar & shortening.  Add remaining ingredients
  & beat until smooth.  Makes 1/2 cup.
  
  Recipe by Mark Satterly
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BASTED QUAIL
 Categories: Mexican, Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 x  Apricot Basting Sauce; *
     36 oz Quail; 6 Birds
      6 ea Bacon Slices
 
  *    See Sowest 2 for Apricot Basting Sauce Recipe. Prepare Apricot
  Basting Sauce; set aside.  Heat oven to 400 degrees F. Wrap each
  quail in 1 slice of bacon. Place, breast side up, at least 1-inch
  apart, on rack in a shallow roasting pan.  Roast uncovered for 30
  minutes. Brush generously with Apricot Basting Sauce. Roast until
  done, about 15 to 20 minutes longer.  Heat remaining sauce to serve
  with quail.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BASTING SAUCE
 Categories: Fruits, Sauces, Mexican
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Apricot Jam
    1/4 c  Apricots; Dried, Fine Chop
    1/4 c  Dry White Wine
      1 tb Honey
      1 ts Worcestershire Sauce
 
  Heat all ingredients over low head, stirring occasionally, until jam
  is melted. Makes about 1 cup of sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BONBONS
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 oz Package dried apricots,
           Finely chopped
     14 oz Package flaked coconut
     14 cn Sweetened condensed milk
     12 oz Package white coating
           Chocolate for dipping
 
  Originally from: "Austin American-Stateman, May 24, 1990 Apricot
  Bonbons Combine apricots, coconut, and milk in a large bowl. Cover
  and refrigerate at least 4 hours, or overnight. Shape mixture into
  small balls, place onto wax paper and refrigerate. Melt chocolate
  over boiling water, stirring frequently. Using forks or toothpicks,
  dip balls into chocolate. Place on wax paper again and refrigerate
  until firm.
  
  Recipe submitted to the paper by Rosemary Striegler of Bastrop.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BRAID
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           -Jo Ferry cmsj69b
      1 lb Loaf frozen dough
      4 tb Margarine; softened
      4 tb Brown sugar
     17 oz Can apricot halves in
           -heavy syrup
    3/4 c  Miniature marshmallows
      1 ts Cinnamon
 
    Let bread dough completely thaw. On a lightly floured surface, roll
  thawed loaf into a rectangle approximately 14 by 8". Place rectangle
  of dough on a greased sheet pan. Spread with 2 tablespoons margarine
  and 2 tablespoons brown sugar (save remaining margarine and sugar for
  glaze). Drain the apricots, reserving the liquid for the glaze.
    Place drained apricot halves lengthwise down center of rectangle.
  Sprinkle with marshmallows and cinnamon. With sharp knife or
  scissors, cut dough into strips lengthwise down eachside of
  rectangle. Make strips 1" wide an 2" deep (or cut in until it almost
  hits the filling). Gently stretch each strip and criss-cross over
  filling.
    Let rise in warm area until puffy, 30 to 60 minutes (see note).
  While rising make glaze.
    For glaze, combine remaining sugar and margarine with reserved
  apricot syrup in a medium sauce pan. Bring to a boil. Let boil for 5
  minutes. Remove form heat. Set aside. When twist has risen, bake in a
  preheated 350 oven for 25 minutes.
    Remove from oven and brush with glaze. Return twist to oven and
  bake 10 to 15 minutes longer. Remove from oven, brush with additional
  glaze. Remove twist from sheet pan to cool on a wire rack. When cool,
  slice and serve.
    Note: Twist can be assembled in the evening to rise in the
  refrigeratior overnight. This enables you to quickly bake it for
  breakfast in the morning. Simply brush the unrisen twist with some
  melted margarine and cover with plastic wrap to keep from drying out
  while in the refrigerator. In the morning, proceed with remaining
  recipe instructions.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BRANDY BREAD - PJXG05A
 Categories: Quickbreads, Holiday, Favorite
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 c  Dried apricots; chopped
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/4 c  Apricot brandy; plus:
      1 tb Apricot brandy
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Shortening
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Allspice
      2 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Cloves
      1 c  Pecans; chopped
      1 c  Applesauce
      1    Egg
 
  Combine apricots & brandy; cover and refrigerate overnight. Cream
  shortening; gradually add sugar and beating well. Add egg, and mix
  well. Combine one cup flour with baking soda, spices, and salt; set
  aside. Add pecans to apricot mixture; combine with reserved flour
  mixture. Toss well to coat all pieces with flour; set aside. Add
  remaining one cup flour to shortening/sugar mixture alternating with
  applesauce, (beginning and ending with flour mixture). Stir in
  reserved apricot mixture. Pour into a greased 9 x 5 x 3 loafpan; bake
  at 350 deg. for 1 hour and 15 min. or until toothpick inserted in
  center comes out clean. Cool loaf in pan for 10 minutes, then remove
  from pan and cool completely on a wire rack. Yield: 1 loaf. Notes:
  May be frozen up to 3 months. This is more of a sweet cake than a
  bread. May be wrapped in cheeecake and soaked with additional brandy
  and stored in a tin, if desired. Judy Garnett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BRANDY POUND CAKE #1
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Fruits, Bundt
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Lisa Crawley tspn00b
      1 c  Butter; softened
      3 c  Sugar
      6    Eggs
      8 oz Sour cream
    1/2 c  Apricot brandy
      1 ts Orange extract
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 ts Rum flavoring
    1/4 ts Almond extract
      3 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Cream butter; gradually add sugar, beating well at med. speed of an
  electric mixer.  Add eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition.
  Combine sour cream and next 6 ingred. in a sm. bowl; stir with a wire
  whisk.  Combine flour, baking soda, and salt; stir well. Add to
  creamed mixture alternately with sour cream mixture, beginning and
  ending with flour mixture. Pour batter into a greased and floured 10"
  tube pan. Bake at 325 for 1 hr. and 45 min. or until a wooden pick
  inserted comes out clean. Let cake cool in pan 10 min.; remove from
  pan, and let cool completely on a wire rack.  Yield: One-10" cake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BRANDY POUND CAKE #2
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Alcohol, Bundt
      Yield: 14 Servings
 
           -JUDI M. PHELPS (BNVX05A)
      1 c  Butter or margarine;softened
  2 1/2 c  Sugar
      6    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 ts Orange extract
      1 ts Rum extract
    1/2 ts Lemon extract
      3 c  Cake flour; sifted
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Sour cream
    1/2 c  Apricot brandy
 
  Cream butter or margarine. Gradually add sugar and beat until light.
  Add eggs one at a time, beating thoroughly after each. Add
  flavorings, then sifted dry ingredients alternatively with sour cream
  and brandy. Blend well.  Pour into geased 3-quart bundt pan and bake
  in preheated slow oven (325 degrees) about 1 hour and 15 minutes.
  Cool in pan on rack. Source: Women's Day Encylopedia of Cookery,
  Volume 3
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Packed dried apricots
    1/3 c  Water
      2 c  Whole wheat pastry flour
      1 tb Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/2 c  Maple syrup (OR
      1 c  Brown sugar)
      2 tb Butter
      1    Egg
    1/3 c  Orange liqueur
    3/4 c  Chopped pecans
 
  Soak apricots for 20 minutes in water.  Mix together flour, baking
  powder, and baking soda.  In another bowl, beat maple syrup, butter
  and egg. Drain water from apricots into orange liqueur. Stir flour
  into butter mixture a little at a time, alternating with liqueur
  mixture. Stir in apricots and nuts.  Pour batter into lightly oiled
  9" x 5" loaf pan. Bake at 350 degrees 45-60 minutes. Bread will be
  golden brown and tooth pick will come out clean when finished. Cool
  before cutting.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BREAD - BEADLES
 Categories: Breadmaker, Fruit, Low fat
      Yield: 14 Servings
 
      1 pk Active dry yeast
      3 c  Bread flour
      3 tb Brown sugar
      1 ts Salt
      1 tb Butter; room temp.
      1 c  Dried apricots; cut in quart
  1 1/4 c  Orange juice
 
  Ingredients should be at room temperature. Liquids (and 'warmed'
  ingredients) should be at 120-130 degrees.
  
  Add ingredients in order given. Setting: white bread
  
  source:  DAK Loafing It, P 46
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BURRITOS
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
 
        8 oz pk dried apricots -- cut in
  :          pieces
        1 c  water
      1/4 c  granulated sugar
      1/4 c  brown sugar -- packed
      1/4 ts cinnamon
      1/4 ts nutmeg
       20    6 inch tortillas
  
  Bring first 6 ingredients to a boil. Simmer uncovered 10 minutes or
  until fruit is tender and mixture thickened. Place 1 tablespoon of
  mixture on one edge of tortilla. Roll up. Fry in hot oil until golden
  brown, turning once. Drain. Serve hot or cold.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Mastercook Mac                  Date: Tue, 8 Oct 1996 20:15:00
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT BUTTER
 Categories: Jams, Preserves, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     10 c  Sliced apricots
      1 c  Water
           Sugar
    1/3 c  Orange juice
      1 tb Granted orange rind
 
  Add water to apricots and cook until soft.  Press through sieve (or
  cheat like I do and run 'em through the blender). Measure and to each
  cup pulp add 2/3 c sugar. Add juice and grated orange rind. Cook
  until thick (about 10-15 minutes).  Pour into sterilized pint jars to
  within 1/2 inch of top. Put on cap, screw band firmly tight and
  process in boiling water bath ten minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CAKE BARS
 Categories: Miamiherald, Desserts, Cake, Make ahead
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Dried apricots; packed
      1    Stick butter (1/2c)
    1/4 c  Sugar
  1 1/3 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
        pn Salt
      1 c  Brown sugar
      2    Eggs
    1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
           Confectioner's sugar
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Put apricots in a small pan, cover
  with water and boil gently for 10 minutes. Drain off water, cool and
  cut into small pieces. Mix the butter, sugar, and 1 cup of the flour
  together with a pastry blender until crumbly.  Press into a greased
  9-by-9-inch baking pan. Bake for about 25 minutes or until lightly
  browned. Sift together the remaining 1/3 cup flour, baking powder and
  salt. In a large bowl, beat together the brown sugar and eggs until
  light. Stir in vanilla, the flour mixture, apricots and nuts. Spread
  over the baked base. Bake for about 30 minutes or until set and
  browned. Cool, then cut into bars. Wrap and freeze. Provise a small
  bag of confectioner's sugar to sprinkle on when ready to serve.
  
  Nutritional info per serving: 206 cal; 10g fat(41%)
  
  Source: Miami Herald, 1/18/96 format by Lisa Crawford
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CHEESE PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/4 c  Quick oats
    1/4 c  Melted butter or margarine
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Ground nutmeg
      1 c  Cottage cheese
      1 pk 8 oz. reduced calorie cream
      3 ea Eggs
    1/2 c  Sliced dates
    1/2 c  Pineapple juice
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 ts Grated orange zest (peel)
    3/4 ts Cornstarch
      1 cn 16 oz. apricot halves,draine
 
     Combine oats,butter,cinnamon and 1/4 tsp. nutmeg in a small
  bowl.Press mixture onto bottom and up sides of a 9" pie plate. Bake
  at 425 degrees for 7 to 10 minutes,until lightly browned.
     Meanwhile,combine cottage cheese and cream cheese,eggs,dates, 1/3
  cup pineapple juice,vanilla extract,orange zest and remaining nutmeg
  in a food processor or blender.Blend until well mixed. Pour into
  cooled crust and bake @ 350 degrees for 30 to 35 minutes until
  filling is set.Chill at least one hour.
     Combine remaining pineapple juice and cornstarch in a small
  saucepan.Heat to boiling.Boil 1 minute,stirring constantly,until
  thickened and clear.Arrange drained apricot halves on top of cheese
  filling and spoon pineapple glaze,evenly,over apricots. Refrigerate
  until glaze is set.Makes 8 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CHEESECAKE (NO BAKE)
 Categories: Cheesecakes, No bake
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     17 oz Apricot halves -- drain
           Reserve juice
      1    Envelope gelatin --
           Unflavored
    1/3 c  Sugar
     16 oz Cream cheese
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1    Pie crust, chocolate wafer
 
  In blender or food processor, puree 10 apricot halves with reserved
  syrup; heat to boiling. Meanwhile, in large bowl, mix unflavored
  gelatine with sugar; add hot liquid and stir until gelatine is
  completely dissolved, about 5 minutes. With electric mixer, beat in
  cream cheese and vanilla until smooth; let stand 10 minutes. Pour
  into prepared crust; chill until firm. Garnish with remaining apricot
  halves, sliced and, if desired, whipping cream.
  
  Recipe By     : Knox Geletin Company
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Chicken pieces
      1 pk French onion soup mix
      2 c  Apricot nectar
  1 1/2 lb Apricot halves (canned)
           Flour (plain)
 
  Dust chicken in flour.  Fry chicken lightly until starting to brown.
  Place chicken in a casserole dish or a very deep frying pan. Add soup
  powder, nectar and apricots. Mix everything well. Simmer for 1 hour.
  
  I normally use 2 pieces of chicken per person and about a 1 1/2 lb
  can of apricot halves.  This will suffice for 4 to 6 people. If you
  cannot get nectar, then use the juice from the apricot halves. (Of
  course, if you can buy apricots in nectar...)
  
  The French onion soup quantity is not critical, but a soup packet that
  makes up about 6 C is about right for 4 to 6 people. Serve with potato
  (baked or boiled), buttered carrots and peas.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Chicken embalmed in apricot nectar -- Apricot Chicken is the
  ultimate bachelors delight.  It is very simple and tastes wonderful.
  The recipe was given to me by a group of friends from back home who
  came to visit me. Yield: Serves 4-6.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  10 minutes preparation, 1 hour cooking.
  : Precision:  No need to measure.
  
  : Greg Sharp
  : Dept.  Computer Science, Vrije Universiteit, Amsterdam, Netherlands
  : gregor@vu44.uucp
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CHICKEN *** (VVDT30A)
 Categories: Main dish, Chicken, Jelly/jam
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     10 oz Apricot preserves*
      8 oz Russian Dressing**
      1 pk Onion soup mix
      2 c  Long-grain rice
      2 tb Minced parlsey
 
  3-      lb chicken; * sub Current, Peach, or any preserve combination
  ** Sub Catalina Dressing>>>>>> Richard, This recipe came from Prodigy
  BB; at the time, unfortunately, I wasn't recording the author's name.
  Preparation: 1- Mix Preserves, Dressing, and Onion mix 2- Arrange
  chicken in a baking dish; pour mix over chicken; 3- Marinade 3+
  hours, refrigerated. 4- Bake at 325F-350F 45 min to 1 hour, until
  juices clear. 5- To crisp chicken, cook the last 15 min under the
  broiler. 6- Prepare rice with parsley; serve chicken over rice. 7- My
  preference is to bake chicken about 30 min and finish over a med-high
  grill, basting with some of the sauce and saving some to pour over
  chicken and rice at serving. Good Appetite, BoB FROM: BOB STAATS
   (VVDT30A)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CHICKEN BAKE
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6    Chicken breast halves
      1 c  Apricot nectar
    1/2 ts Ground allspice
    1/8 ts Ground ginger
    1/4 ts Fresh ground black pepper
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Apricot preserves
      3 tb Pecans, toasted
 
     Have the chicken breasts skinned and boned. Place the chicken in an
  oven-proof pan large enough that the chicken will not be overlapping.
     Combine the next 5 ingredients and pour over the chicken, turning
  the chicken to get the marinade over all parts. Cover tightly and
  refrigerate overnight or at least 8 hours.
     Remove from refrigerator and let stand for 30 minutes.
     Cover tightly with foil and bake in preheated 350 degree oven for
  30 minutes. Uncover, drain and discard liquid from chicken, and keep
  warm.
     Heat apricot preserves and brush over chicken. Bake, uncovered,
  20-30 minutes longer, basting with preserves another 2 times. Remove
  to serving platter and sprinkle with toasted pecans. Serving Ideas
  : Serve over rice. NOTES: Requires eight hours or more to marinate
  before baking.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CHICKEN MARINADE
 Categories: Poultry, Marinades
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     10 oz Apricot jam
      8 oz Catalina salad dressing
      1 pk Onion soup mix
 
  Mix the jam, salad dressing, and dried soup mix together. Spoon over
  chicken and marinade in refrigerator for 4 hours. Leave chicken in
  marinade. Bake in preheated 350 degree oven for approximately 45 mins.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CHICKEN THIGHS
 Categories: Low-cal, Chicken
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Apricot nectar
    1/4 c  Dry sherry
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Prepared Mustard
    1/2 ts Ground Ginger
      6 x  Chicken thighs(2 lb),skinned
     12 x  Dried Apricot halves
 
   Combine all but chicken and dried apricots. Mix well, set aside.
   Trim excess fat from chicken. Rinse chicken with cold water, pat dry.
  Place chicken in a 12x8x2" baking dish. Pour reserved apricot nectar
  mixture over chicken. Cover and bake at 350 deg F for 45 minutes.
  Uncover, and place aproicot halves in apricot nectar mixture.
  Continue baking, uncovered, 15 minutes or until chicken is tender.
   Remove chicken to a warmed serving platter, discarding apricot nectar
  mixture. Garnish each thigh with 2 apricot halves. Serve immediately.
  PER SERVING: 192 calories, 18 g protein, 7.7 g fat, 8.5 g
  carbohydrates, 65 g cholesterol, 1.3 mg iron, 290 mg sodium, 16 mg
  calcium.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CHOCOLATE BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      9 oz Cut up dried apricots
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1 c  Milk
    1/3 c  Veg. oil
      2    Eggs
  2 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Cocoa
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 c  Chopped pecans
 
  Mix first 5 ingredients in a large bowl. Stir in the rest until just
  moistened. Pour into greased loaf pan and bake for 50-60 mins in a
  pre-heated 350 degree oven. Cool for 10 mins. and remove from pan.
  
  From a cookbokk called "Everything Chocolate" Submitted By
  RUFUS@MELBPC.ORG.AU  On   TUE, 28 NOV 1995 171617 +1100
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CHUTNEY
 Categories: Relishes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 c  FRESH APRICOTS, pitted
      4 md ONIONS, sliced
  1 1/8 c  SEEDLESS RAISINS
  2 1/2 c  WHITE WINE VINEGAR
      1 lb DARK BROWN SUGAR
      4 tb SALT
      1 c  PRESERVED GINGER
      1 tb MUSTARD SEEDS
      1 ts CAYENNE PEPPER
    1/2 ts GROUND TURMERIC
      1    ORANGE, the peel grated and
           -the juice
           Strained
    1/2 c  WALNUTS
 
  Put all of the ingredients into a large pan and cook gently to a soft
  mush, about 1-1/2 hours.
  
  Add the walnuts.
  
  Pack into sterilized jars.
  
  Process in a boiling water bath; pints 25 minutes; quarts 30 minutes.
  Keep the chutney for at least one month before using it.
  
  Posted by Ellie Collin, Prodigy ID# CMKD93F.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CHUTNEY WITH RAISINS & CURRANTS
 Categories: Indian, Condiments
      Yield: 4 Cups
 
      1 lb Dried apricots
     10 lg Garlic cloves
           -- peeled & coarsely chopped
      1    1x3" piece of fresh ginger
           -- peeled & coarsely chopped
  1 1/4 c  Red wine vinegar
      2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Cayenne pepper
           -- (or MORE if desired)
    3/4 c  Golden raisins
    1/2 c  Currants
 
  Put the apricots in a bowl.  Pour 4 cups of hot water over them and
  let them soak for an hour.
  
  Put the garlic, and ginger into the container of an electric blender
  or a food processor along with 1/4 cup of the vinegar. Blend until
  smooth.
  
  Empty the apricots and their soaking liquid into a heavy
  stainless-steel or porcelain-lined pot.  Add the garlic-ginger
  mixture, the remaining vinegar, sugar, salt, and cayenne. Bring to a
  boil. Simmer on a medium flame, stirring frequently, for 45 minutes.
  Do not let the chutney catch at the bottom of the pot. Lower heat if
  necessary. Add the raisins and currants and cook, stirring, another
  half hour or until chutney takes on a thick, glazed look.  (It will
  thicken slightly as it cools.) Let the chutney cool and store,
  refrigerated, in lidded glass or ceramic jars.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT COBBLER WITH CUSTARD SAUCE
 Categories: Dessert, Fruit, Cobbler, Sauce, Posted-mm
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 pk (6oz ea) dried apricots,
           - cut in half
      4 c  Water
  2 1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/2 ts Almond extract
      2 tb Almond liqueur (optional)
     15 oz Pkg. refrigerated piecrusts
      1 tb Sugar
      2 tb Sliced almonds

MMMMM-----------------------CUSTARD SAUCE----------------------------
      3 lg Eggs
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1 pn Salt
      2 c  Half-and-half
    1/2 ts Vanilla extract
 
  Source: Southern Living Magazine 1/97
  
  COMBINE apricots and water in a saucepan; let stand 8 hours.
  
  STIR in 2 1/2 cups sugar; cook over medium-high heat, stirring
  constantly, until mixture boils. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer,
  stirring occasionally, 10 minutes. Uncover and increase heat to
  medium-high; cook, stirring often, 8-10 minutes or until thickened.
  Remove from heat; cool slightly. Stir in extracts and, if desired,
  liqueur; cool.
  
  UNFOLD 1 pie crust, and press out fold lines. Cut to fit into the
  bottom of a deep 2-quart baking dish, reserving excess pastry.
  
  SPOON half of apricot mixture into dish; top with reserved pastry.
  
  BAKE at 475 degrees F. for 12 minutes or until lightly browned. Spoon
  remaining apricot mixture over pastry; cool.
  
  UNFOLD remaining pie crust; roll to 1/8-inch thickness, and cut into
  1-inch strips. Arrange in a lattice design over apricot mixture.
  
  BAKE at 475 degrees for 15 minutes; sprinkle with 1 tablespoons sugar
  and almonds, and bake 2 to 3 more minutes. Serve warm with Custard
  Sauce.
  
  CUSTARD SAUCE: WHISK together eggs, sugar, and salt in a heavy
  saucepan until blended. Whisk in half-and-half, and cook over
  medium-low heat, whisking constantly, 10 minutes or until slightly
  thickened. Remove from heat; stir in vanilla extract.
  
  PRESS wax paper or plastic wrap onto custard surface; cool. Chill.
  Yields: 2 1/2 cups
  
  From the recipe files of suzy@gannett.infi.net
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT COCONUT BALLS
 Categories: Candies, Holiday
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Dried apricots
           -finely chopped
      2 c  Coconut; shredded
    2/3 c  Sweetened condensed milk
           Powdered sugar
 
  Mix apricots and coconut. Add condensed milk and blend well. Shape
  into balls and roll in powdered sugar. Let stand until firm. MAKES:
  32 (1 1/4 inch) balls
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT COFFEE CAKE
 Categories: Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Apricot filling:
  2 1/4 c  Apricots; dried
           Crumb topping
    1/2 c  Flour; unsifted
 
  Bring apricots to a boil;  cook until liquid is absorbed and apri-
  cots are tender, about 20 min.Sieve; stir in seive. Mix crum mixture
  till crumbly. I like to add about 1/4 cup sliced almonds. Vi, This is
  the recipe I told you about.Make the All-Purpose Butter Roll
  recipe(that came with your Bread Ma- chine on the dough setting).Roll
  dough into a rectangle (I divided the dough in half and rolled each
  half to 12"x7") Spread apricot filling down center third of dough
  lengthwise (12") now cut  slits 1 inch apart on either side of
  filling (you should have 12 strips) criss cross over filling.  Place
  on greased baking sheet.Sprinkle with crumb topping and let rise in
  warm place till double. Bake 350* for 15-20 minutes. Cool slightly
  and drizzle with conf sugar icing.1 cup ten x sugar and a few tbs
  water. FROM:    JUDITH JOHNSON   (FHWJ72A)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CORN PASTA^
 Categories: Crs, Makepasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------HAND---------------------------------
    3/4 c  Durum semolina
    1/4 c  Cornmeal
    1/4 c  To 1/3 apricot nectar
      1 tb Vegetable or olive oil,
           Optional

MMMMM--------------------------EXTRUDER-------------------------------
      1 c  Durum semolina
    1/3 c  Cornmeal
    1/4 c  To 1/3 apricot nectar
      1 tb Vegetable or olive oil,
           Optional
 
  Per 1 cup Serving: 299calories 9.0g protein 52.6g carbohydrate 5.9g
  fat 32.6mg sodium
  
  The Pasta Machine Cookbook Donna Rathmell German ISBN: 1-55867-081-5
  Entered by Carolyn Shaw 4-95.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT COUSCOUS
 Categories: Vegetarian, Main dish, Inet
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  ;water
      2 oz Apricots, dried; finely
           -chopped
      1 ts Margarine, nondairy
    1/3 ts Cardamom
      1 c  Couscous
 
  Combine water, apricots, margarine and cardamom in 1 quart casserole
  dish. Cover. Microwave on high for 4 minutes, or until water reaches
  full boil. Add couscous. Cover. let stand 5 minutes or until liquid
  is absorbed. Serves 5
  
  Per serving: 124 cal; 3 g prot; 1 g fat; 27 g carb; 14 mg sod
  
  Recipe submitted by Laura Benson <1benson@psi.wilmer.com@inet#>
  
  MM by DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CREAM CHEESE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Margarine
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      8 oz Philadelphia cream cheese
      2    Egg
      2 tb Lemon juice
  1 1/2 ts Lemon zest
  4 1/2 c  Flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
           Apricot filling
           Sugar, confectioners

MMMMM----------------------APRICOT FILLING---------------------------
     11 oz Apricots, dried
    1/2 c  Sugar
 
      Combine margarine, sugar and softened cream cheese mixing until
  well
      blended.  Blend in eggs, lemon juice and rind. Add combined dry
      ingredients to cream cheese mixture and mix well and chill. Roll
      into medium size ball.  Place on ungreased cookie sheet. Flaten
      slightly, indent center, put apricot filling in center. Bake 350
      degrees for 15 minutes.  Cool slightly and sprinkle powdered
      sugar on top.
  
      Fillling:  Put 1 pkg. (11 oz.) apricots in saucepan and add water
  just
      cover. Add 1/2 cup (or to taste) sugar and bring to boil. Cover
  and
      simmer 10 minutes or until apricots are soft and most of water is
      absorbed. Force through sieve or whirl in blender. Makes 2 cups.
  
                                       per Carrie Naley
                                       Fidonet HOME_COOKING echo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CREAM CHEESE DROPS
 Categories: Cookies, Crisco
      Yield: 18 Cookies
 
    1/2 c  Butter Flavor Crisco
      1 pk Cream Cheese, ( 3 oz )
           - Softened
      1 tb Milk
    1/4 c  Brown sugar, firmly packed
    1/2 c  Apricot preserves
  1 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
  1 1/2 ts Baking Powder
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Pecans, coarsely chopped OR
           - Flake Coconut

MMMMM--------------------------FROSTING-------------------------------
      1 c  Confectioners Sugar
    1/4 c  Apricot Preserves
      1 tb Butter Flavor Crisco
           Finely Chopped Pecans -=OR=-
           - Flake Coconut ( optional )
 
  Preparation Time: 25 Minutes               Bake Time:
       14    Minutes
  
  1. Heat oven to 350. Grease baking sheet with Butter Flavor Crisco.
  Set aside.
  
  2. Cream 1/2 cup Butter Flavor Crisco, cream cheese and milk in
  medium bowl at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended.
  Beat in brown sugar. Beat in
      1/2    cup preserves.
  
  3. Combine flour, baking powder, cinnamon and salt. Mix into creamed
  mixture. Stir in 1/2 cup nuts. Drop 2 level measuring tablespoonfuls
  of dough into a mound to form each cookie. Place 2 inches apart on
  cookie sheet.
  
  4. Bake at 350 for 14 minutes. Cool on baking sheet one minute.
  Remove to cooling rack. Cool completely before frosting.
  
  5. For Frosting: Combine confectioners sugar, 1/4 cup preserves and 1
  tablespoon Butter Flavor Crisco in small mixing bowl. Beat with
  electric mixer until well blended. Frost cooled cookies. Sprinkle
  finely chopped pecans over frosting, if desired.
  
  VARIATIONS: Try peach or pineapple preserves in place of apricot.
  
  Source: Butter Flavor Crisco Cookie Collection, Page 4. Shared by:
  David Knight
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CREAM FILLING
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Sherry
      2 tb Flour
    2/3 c  Apricot jam, strained
    1/2 ts Lemon rind, grated
      3 tb Lemon juice
      3 tb Orange juice
      3    Egg yolks
 
  Add sherry to flour.  Mix until smooth.  Add apricot jam, lemon rind
  and juice, and orange juice.  Stir until smooth. Place in a heavy
  saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly until thick. Stir a
  few tablespoons of hot sauce into egg yolks.  Then pour egg yolks
  into remaining hot mixture, continuing to stir. Cook and stir a few
  more minutes, being careful not to boil, until cream is smooth and
  thick.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CREAM FILLING (THE ART OF FINE BAKING
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Sherry
      2 tb Flour
    2/3 c  Apricot jam, strained
    1/2 ts Lemon rind, grated
      3 tb Lemon juice
      3 tb Orange juice
      3    Egg yolks
 
  Servings: 1
  
  Add sherry to flour.  Mix until smooth.  Add apricot jam, lemon rind
  and juice, and orange juice.  Stir until smooth. Place in a heavy
  saucepan. Cook over low heat, stirring constantly until thick.
  
  Stir a few tablespoons of hot sauce into egg yolks. Then pour egg
  yolks into remaining hot mixture, continuing to stir. Cook and stir a
  few more minutes, being careful not to boil, until cream is smooth
  and thick.
  
  From "The Art of Fine Baking" by Paula Peck, copyright 1961
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CREAM TOPPING
 Categories: Frostings, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 tb Sugar
      5 tb Cake flour
      1 ds Salt
      4 tb Apricot juice; canned
      1 c  Apricot pulp; use cand fruit
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 c  Cream; whipped
 
  Combine sugar, flour and salt in top of a double boiler; add apricot
  juice and mix thoroughly.  Sieve well drained apricots to obtain 1 c.
  pulp and add gradually to flour mixture, stirring until blended.
   Place over rapidly boiling water and cook 5 to 7 minutes, stirring
  constantly.  Add lemon juice.
   Chill.  Fold in cream.  Makes 3 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CREAM TOPPING :::GWHP32A
 Categories: Frostings, Cakes, Katesmith
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 tb Sugar
      5 tb Cake flour
      1 ds Salt
      4 tb Apricot juice; canned
      1 c  Apricot pulp; use cand fruit
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 c  Cream; whipped
 
  Combine sugar, flour and salt in top of a double boiler; add apricot
  juice and mix thoroughly.  Sieve well drained apricots to obtain 1 c.
  pulp and add gradually to flour mixture, stirring until blended.
   Place over rapidly boiling water and cook 5 to 7 minutes, stirring
  constantly.  Add lemon juice.
   Chill.  Fold in cream.  Makes 3 cups. Kate Smith Collection 1940
  Published by General Foods Corp
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CREME TART
 Categories: Desserts, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      8 ea Leaves phyllo
      1 c  Dried apricots
    1/2 c  Honey
      2 c  Water
    1/2 ts Agar-agar powder
      8 oz Tofu
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      2 tb Lemon juice
     16 oz Can apricot halves
    1/4 c  Apricot jam
      1 oz Melted chocolate, optional
 
  Preheat oven to 350F.  Spray a 9" pie tin with non-stick spray. Place
  in a leaf of phyllo pastry & spray it. Fold edges inwards so they
  don't extend beyond the rim of the pan  Repeat the procedure till the
  pan is covered. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes till crispy brown. Place
  dried apricots, honey & water in a saucepan & simmer gently till
  apricots are soft & liquid is a heavy syrup.  Dissolve agar-agar
  powder in 2 tb water & add to mixture, simmering for a couple of
  minutes. Transfer to a processor. Add tofu, vanilla & lemon juice &
  process till smooth. Pour into the crust. Drain canned apricot halves
  & arrange on the pie. Melt jam & brush on top of tart.  If desired,
  melt chocolate & drizzle over the top in a zig zag fashion.  Chill 1
  hour at least before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CRISPY TREATS
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
      1/4 c  low-fat margarine
        4 c  miniature marshmallows
      1/4 c  dried apricots
        6 c  Rice Krispies
  
  Heat margarine and marshmallows in a pot on low heat. Stir in
  apricots and Rice Krispies. Pat into 9 by 13-inch pan and chill. Cut
  into squares or bars.
  
  Recipe By     :THE DESSERT SHOW SHOW #DS3065
  
                                        Date: Tue, 29 Oct 1996 22:59:57
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CRUMBCAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Fruits/nuts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------CAKE BATTER-----------------------------
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter; softened
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
      3    Egg yolks
      1 ts Vanilla extract
  1 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking powder
     12 md Apricots

MMMMM-----------------------CRUMB TOPPING----------------------------
  1 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Unsalted butter; melted
 
  Use this recipe with peaches, sour cherries or pineapple with equally
  good results.
  
  CAKE BATTER: PREHEAT THE OVEN TO 350F. Butter a 10-inch round, 2-inch
  deep cake pan and line the bottom with a disk of parchment or wax
  paper. In a large mixer bowl, beat the butter and sugar until soft
  and light. Add the egg and continue beating until light. Add the
  yolks one at a time, beating well between each addition. Beat in the
  vanilla. Sift together the flour and baking powder and stir into the
  batter. Spread the batter evenly in the prepared pan. Rinse and halve
  the apricots. Remove the pits with the bowl of a small spoon if they
  resist. Arrange the apricot halves cut-side up on the batter in
  concentric rows, overlapping slightly, leaving a margin of about
  1-inch around the edge. Don't be concerned if the apricots mound
  slightly in the center of the cake; the top will even out as the cake
  bakes.
  
  CRUMB TOPPING: FOR THE CRUMBS, mix the flour, sugar and cinnamon in a
  bowl. Melt the butter and stir it in evenly. Rub the mixture to
  coarse crumbs by hand. Scatter the crumbs over the apricots and the
  edge of the batter as evenly as possible. Bake the cake 1 hour until
  a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool the cake in the
  pan for about 15 minutes and invert a plate on it. Invert onto the
  plate and lift off the pan. Peel off the paper and invert a rack on
  the cake. Invert cake onto the rack, remove the plate and cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT CUPCAKES
 Categories: 
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      6    Eggs
      3 c  Fruit spread, apricot
    3/4 c  Applesauce
    3/4 c  Butter; softened
      2 tb Extract, vanilla
      3 c  Flour
      2 c  Oats
      1 tb Baking powder
    3/4 ts Salt
  3 3/4 ts Pumpkin pie spice
 
  Preheat oven to 350.  Beat eggs in large bowl.  Blend in fruit spread,
  butter, applesauce, and vanilla.  Add flour, oats, baking powder,
  salt, and spices; mix well. Pour into lined muffin tins. Bake 18
  minutes, until golden brown.
  
  For bars: Spread dough into greased 12"x8" baking dish. Bake 18
  minutes, until golden brown and firm to touch. Cool completely on
  wire rack. Cut into bars. Store in tightly covered container.
  
  Nutrition information per bar: 217 calories,  3 gm protein, 28 gm
  carbohydrate, 10 gm fat,  62 mg cholesterol, 198 mg sodium, 1 diabetic
  starch/bread exchange, 1-1/2 diabetic fat exchange, 1 diabetic fruit
  exchange.
  
  Sylvia's comments:  The kids at Irene's school loved it -- Irene came
  home and asked me to make it again! I think it needs less fruit
  spread and less pumpkin pie spice, and next time I'll use applesauce
  for all the butter.
  
  Source: "Sugar-Free Desserts," the December 1992 issue of _Favorite
  All-Time Recipes_ magazine
  
  MM by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253, GT Cookbook
  echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT DELIGHT
 Categories: Fruits, Desserts
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
     50 g  Dried apricots
           - preferably unsulphured
    175 g  Greek yogurt
      1    Egg white; stiffly beaten
           Grated chocolate
           -(to decorate)
 
  This recipe is a long-established favourite and can be made at any
  time of the year. If you make it with unsulphured dried apricots the
  result will be noticeably more delicious.
  
  Soak the apricots in water for just 1 hour, then chop them roughly.
  They will be slightly crunchy. Fold them into the yogurt and mix
  well. Fold the stiffly beaten egg white into the mixture and spoon
  into two dishes. Sprinkle with grated chocolate. Serve as soon as
  possible.
  
  Copyright Rosamond Richardson 1996
  
  Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT DELIGHT BABYFOOD CAKE
 Categories: Bundt, Cakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 pk Yellow cake mix
      1 sm Vanilla instant pudding
      2    Strained Apricots with
           - Tapioca baby food (jars)
           - 4.4 oz size
    2/3 c  Milk
      8 oz Crushed pineapple, drained
    1/2 pt Whipping cream
    1/3 c  Sugar
 
  Grease and flour a Bundt pan. Bake cake according to package
  directions. Cool. Slice tube cake into three layers. Combine pudding,
  apricots, milk and pineapple. Spread between the layers and on top of
  cake. Beat whipping cream until stiff, gradually adding sugar. Ice
  sides and center hole of cake with whipped cream. 12-16 servings
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT DELIGHT SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 pk Apricot jello
    2/3 c  Water
      1 cn Crushed pineapple, undrained
  1 1/2 c  Chopped nuts
    2/3 c  Sugar
      2    Jars apricot baby food
      1 cn Condensed milk, chilled
      1 pk Cream cheese (8 oz.)
 
     Combine jello, sugar and water, bring to a boil and dissolve jello.
  Remove from heat, stir in fruit; set aside to cool. Combine milk and
  cream cheese, beat until smooth. Stir in jello mixture, add nuts.
  Pour into mold or bowl and refrigerate.
  
  S.K.A.--Metairie, La.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT DREAM
 Categories: Cyberealm, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  3 1/2 oz Sugar
      4 tb Milk
      9 oz Apricots
      1    Egg
      2    Eggyolks
     15 oz Whipping Cream
      4    Teabags
      8 tb Apricot Brandy
 
  1. Let the sugar caramelisize in a pot, take of the heat and stir in
     the milk. 2. Put pot back on heat and cook untill the caramelsugar
  is completly
     dissolved. Let cool a little. 3. Wash and half the apricots and
  remove the pits. 4. Puree with a handmixer. 5. Beat egg and eggyolks
  untill foamy, add the caramel mass slowly
     and then beat it in a hot water bath until it is creamy. 6. Put
  into a bowl with icewater and fold in the apricot puree and let
     it cool while stirring. 7. Beat the whip cream until stiff and
  fold into the puree. 8. Freeze at least 6 hours. 9. Pour 1/2 Liter
  boiling water over teabags and let it steep for 10
     minutes. Let it cool. 10.In wide glasses put 2 tablespoons of
  Apricot brandy, tea and each 1
     scoop of apricot ice.Serve cold.
     From "Freizeit Revue"
     Translated by Brigitte Sealing, Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY
     315-786-1120.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT DRESSING FOR TURKEY
 Categories: Diabetic, Dressings
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  Dried apricots, snipped
  1 1/2 c  Water or chicken stock
      1 c  Chopped celery
    1/4 c  Chopped walnuts or pine nuts
     12 sl Bread, dry, cut small cubes
 
  Bring the apricots and water (or chicken or turkey stock) just to a
  boil in a saucepan.  Let stand for 10 minutes. Add the celery, nuts
  and bread. Toss lightly to moisten the bread and blend the
  ingredients. Spoon into an oiled baking dish with a cover.
  
  Bake in 350 F oven for about 40 minutes.  Remove the cover the last 10
  minutes of baking to brown the top of the dressing.
  
  1/12 recipe - 118 calories, 1 bread, 1/2 fat, 1/2 fruit exchange 22
  grams carbohydrate, 4 grams protein, 3 grams fat 127 mg sodium, 215
  mg potassium, 0 cholesterol
  
  Source:  Am. Diabetes Assoc. Holiday Cookbook by Betty Wedman, 1986
  Shared but not tested by Elizabeth Rodier, Nov 93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT EARL GREY TEA ICE CREAM
 Categories: Dairy, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      1 c  Dried apricots
           -(about 6 oz.)
    1/3 c  Granulated sugar
      2 tb Granulated sugar
  1 1/2 c  Whole milk
      2 tb Earl Grey tea leaves
  1 1/2 c  Heavy cream
      1 pn Salt
      4 lg Egg yolks
      1 tb Apricot brandy or
           -Cointreau
 
  In a small heavy saucepan, combine the apricots, 2 tb. of the sugar
  and 2/3 c. water.  Bring to a boil over moderate heat. Reduce heat to
  moderately low and simmer, uncovered, until apricots are tender, 10
  to 12 minutes.
  
  Transfer apricots and any remaining liquid to a food processor and
  puree until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl once or
  twice. Set aside.
  
  In a heavy medium saucepan, combine milk and tea leaves. Warm over
  low heat until milk is hot.  Remove from the heat; let steep for 5
  minutes. Strain the milk through a fine-meshed strainer.
  
  Return milk to the saucepan and add the heavy cream, remaining 1/3 c.
  sugar and salt.  Cook over moderate heat, stirring frequently with a
  wooden spoon, until sugar is completely dissolved and the mixture is
  hot, 5 to 6 minutes. Remove from the heat.
  
  In a medium bowl, whisk egg yolks until blended. Gradually whisk in
  one- third of the hot cream in a thin stream, then whisk the mixture
  back into the remaining cream in the saucepan. Cook over moderately
  low heat, stirring constantly, until the custard lightly coats the
  back of the spoon, 5 to 7 minutes; do not let boil. Immediately
  remove from the heat and strain the custard into a medium bowl. Set
  the bowl in a larger bowl of ice and water. Let custard cool to room
  temperature, stirring occasionally. Whisk in the reserved apricot
  puree and the brandy until blended.
  
  Cover and refrigerate until cold, at least 6 hours or overnight. Pour
  custard into an ice cream maker and freeze according to the
  manufacturer's instructions.
  
  From: linda.magee@salata.com in rec.food.cooking Formatted by Cathy
  Harned Submitted By SAM WARING
  <SAM.WARING@382-91-12.IMA.INFOMAIL.COM> On WED, 01 NOV 1995 111946 GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT FILLED SUGAR COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Fruits
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Margarine
      2 tb Milk
      1    Egg
  2 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking Soda
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
     12 ts Apricot Fruit Filling
 
  Mix all together except filling to make a soft dough. Roll out 1/8"
  thick and cut out 48 3" round cookies. Place /t of filling on the top
  of 24 rounds. Cover each with another round, crimp edges and make a
  slit on top. Bake 10-12 minutes in a 375oF preheated oven. Makes 24
  cookies.
  
  Source: "The Yankee Kitchen" 04-02-93 (#1) [Pat from Manchester]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT FILLING
 Categories: Preserves, Condiments
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      4 c  Dried apricots
           Orange peel
        pn Nutmeg or cinnamon -- very
           Sparingly
 
  Combine all ingredients in a heavy pot. Add water to barely cover.
  Bring to a bo il, then cook over low heat until sauced.
  
  Recipe By     : Melanie Schoenfeld
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT FILLING 2
 Categories: Sandwiches, Fillings
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Dried apricots
      2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Granulated sugar
      3 tb Ground blanched almonds
 
  :    Boil the apricots in the water with the sugar for 10 minutes,
  then cover and simmer 15-20 minutes. Remove from the fire and sieve.
  Add the almonds and cool.
    When using, heat the amount desired and spread on toast. Makes 1 c.
  Jeannie Allen
  
  From: Lewisallen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT FINGERS
 Categories: Bakery, Desserts, Cookies, Fruits
      Yield: 1 8" square
 
      6 oz Rolled oats
      4 oz Wholewheat flour
      2 oz Wheatgerm
      2 oz Soy flour
      4 oz Dried apricots
      4 oz Seedless raisins
      2 oz Sunflower seeds
      3 tb Oil
      2 tb Liquid sweetener
      2 tb Molasses
      4 tb Orange juice
      1 pn Salt
 
  Preheat oven to 375F.  Grease an 8" square baking tin & set aside.
  Stir together the oats, flour, wheatgerm & soy flour. Add finely
  chopped apricots, raisins & sunflower seeds. Stir together the oil,
  sweetener & molasses & add to the dry ingredients. Add as much of the
  orange juice as necessary to make a soft but not runny mixture. Add
  the salt. Place the apricot mixture into the prepared tin. Bake for
  25 minutes. Cool in the tin scronig into fingers while still hot with
  a sharp knife. When cold, remove from the tin & in an airtight
  container.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT FIZZ
 Categories: Diabetic, Beverages
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Ingredients
      3 c  Apricot juice; -unsweetened
      3 c  Diet gingerale;
      1 tb Lemon juice
 
  Chill apricot juice and ginger ale throughly. To serve, combine
  apricot juice, ginger ale, and lemon juice; stir well, and pour into
  individual glasses.
  
  From: All New Cookbook For Diabetics And Their Families Each serving
  amount: 1 cup
  
  Exchanges: 1 Fruit; Chol: 0 mg; Calories: 62; Carbo: 15 gm Protein: 1
  gm; Fat: Tr; Fiber: 0 gm; Sodium: 16 mg
  
  Reformated 4 you and yours via Nancy O'brion and Meal-Master. (From
  Jungle.Boy via GEnie)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT FLAN (VALAIS)
 Categories: Fruits, Swiss
      Yield: 1 Tart
 
    750 g  Apricots; ripe
           - fresh or frozen
  1 1/2 dl Cream
     10 g  Vanilla sugar
      4    Eggs
    120 g  Sugar
      1 pn Salt
           Icing sugar
 
  (Units: 1000 g = 36 oz., 1 oz = 28 g, 1 in = 25.4 mm,
        1 dl = 3.5 fl oz)
  
  Wash the apricots, cut into halves and remove stones.
  
  Arrange the apricot halves, skin uppermost, in a gratin dish in 2
  layers, sprinkling some sugar between the layers.
  
  Mix the eggs, sugar, salt, vanilla sugar and cream together.
  
  Cover the apricots with this mixture.
  
  Bake in a bain-marie for 30-40 minutes at 180 oC.
  
  Dust with icing sugar and serve from the dish.
  
  Note : Serve hot or cold with a little whipped cream.
  
  Culinary Art and Traditions of Switzerland, Pro Gastronomia, 1992
  
  Typed for you by Rene Gagnaux @ 2:301/212.19
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT FLUFF
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
           Blend in blender:
      3 oz Apricot Jello
      1 c  Boiling water
      8 oz Can of apricots
      4 oz Philadelphia cream cheese
 
  Let mixture stand in refrigerator until set.  Add by mixer,
  approximately 7 or 8 ounces of frozen whipping topping. Molds well.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT FRITTERS
 Categories: Breads, Fruits/nuts, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
     12 sm Apricots; -=OR=-
      6 lg -Apricots, halved
     12    Whole almonds
      2 tb White rum
    1/2 c  Unbleached all-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Cornstarch
      3 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 c  Water; plus
      1 tb Water
      3 tb Melted butter
  1 1/2 qt Vegetable oil; for frying
           Confectioners' sugar
 
  RINSE THE APRICOTS, slit the sides and remove the pits with a small
  spoon, leaving the apricots intact. Replace each pit with an almond.
  Place the apricots in a bowl and sprinkle the slit sides with the
  rum. For the batter, combine the dry ingredients in a bowl and whisk
  in the water, then the melted butter. Pour the oil into a 4-quart pan
  and heat it to 350F. With a fork, dip the apricots into the batter
  and add to the hot oil 3 or 4 at a time, frying them about 6 or 7
  minutes, until the batter is a deep golden and the apricots are
  cooked, but still firm. Drain the fritters on absorbent paper as they
  are fried and keep them warm in a 300F oven. To serve, sprinkle the
  fritters generously with confectioners' sugar.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT FRUIT FLIP
 Categories: Digest, Oct., Lacto
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    (12oz ) can apricot nectar
      1    Med-size ripe banana
    1/4 c  Instant non-fat dry milk
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Honey
      1 ts Grated lemon rind
           Ice cubes
 
  Combine all ingredients, except ice cubes, in container of an electric
  blender.  Add enough ice cubes to measure 4 cups; blend until smooth.
  Serve immediately.  Yields: 4 cups (108 calories/serving) Lonita
  
  Posted by "Lonita A. Graham" <lgraham@comp.uark.edu> to the Fatfree
  Digest [Volume 11 Issue 24], Oct. 24, 1994. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission.
  Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT GINGER CONSERVE
 Categories: Condiments
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  Dried apricots
    3/4 c  Sliced, candied ginger
    1/2 c  Orange juice
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      5 c  Cold water
      2 ts Grated orange rind
      1 ts Grated lemon rind
  2 1/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Chopped nuts
 
  Wash apricots.  Add water, ginger, orange and lemon juice, grated
  rind, and sugar.  Stir until well mixed. Simmer slowly, stirring
  frequently, until thick and clear. Add nuts and cook 5 minutes. The
  Household Searchlight
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT GINGER SCONES
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 8 Scones
 
  3 1/4 c  Flour, all purpose
    1/3 c  Sugar
  2 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Dried apricots, diced (4oz)
    1/3 c  Crystalized ginger, diced
           - 2 oz
      1 ts Lemon peel, grated
      1 c  Buttermilk
 
  In a food processor or large bowl, whirl or mix together flour, sugar,
  baking powder, soda, and salt. Add butter; whirl or rub with fingers
  until coarse crumbs form. If using a food processor, add apricots,
  ginger, and peel; pulse until just blended. Otherwise, stir them into
  flour mixture. Add buttermilk and whirl or stir just until evenly
  moistened.
  
  Scrape dough onto a floured board and knead about 6 turns or until
  dough holds together. On a 12x15 inch lightly greased baking sheet,
  pat dough into an oval about 7x12 inches. With a floured knife, cut
  diagonal lines through dough, forming 8 or 9 triangles.
  
  Bake in a 400 degree oven until golden brown, about 25 minutes. Break
  along scores to serve. Makes 8 or 9.
  
  Per serving: 393 cal. (37 percent from fat); 6.2 g protein; 16 g fat
  (9.9 g sat.); 57 g carbo.; 520 mg sodium; 43 mg chol.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT GLAZE
 Categories: Glazes, Fruits
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 cn Apricot halves,drained(17oz)
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Salad oil
      2 tb White vinegar
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Cloves,ground
 
  1. In blender at medium speed or in food processor with knife blade
  attached, blend apricot halves, sugar, oil, vinegar, salt, and cloves
  until smooth. Pour into small bowl.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT GLAZED CARROTS
 Categories: Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Carrots; sliced
      3 tb Butter (or marg.); melted
    1/2 c  Arpicot preserves
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Orange rind; grated
    1/4 ts Nutmeg; ground
      2 ts Lemon juice
 
  Cook carrots until tender in enough salted water to cover (about 20
  minutes); drain.  Combine remaining ingredients, stirring until well
  blended.  Spoon over carrots, and toss well. Serve at once.
  
  SOURCE: Southern Living Magazine, sometime in 1980. Typed for you by
  Nancy Coleman.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT GLAZED HAM
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
           -Sue Woodward
      7 lb Half of smoked bone-in
           -butt or shank ham, to
           -9-lb.
     25    Whole cloves
      1 cn 12-oz. apricot nectar
    1/2 c  All fruit apricot preserves
 
  Place oven rack in lower third of oven. Heat oven to 325~. Remove
  rind from ham if still attached. Score top or fatty side of ham in 1"
  diamond pattern. Using wooden pick, pierce hole in center of each
  diamond; insert clove. Place in shallow roasting pan; pour nectar
  over. Cover with foil. Bake in lower third of 325~ oven 1.1/4 hours,
  basting every 20 minutes. Increase oven temperature to 400~. Remove
  foil. Bake, basting occasionally, another 30 minutes or until
  internal temperature registers 140~ on instant-read thermometer.
  Remove ham to platter; let stand 20 minutes before slicing.
  Meanwhile, in small saucepan, bring preserves to boiling; cook 2
  mins.  Spread over top of ham. Slice. Serve or cool slightly,
  refrigerate and serve chilled.
  
  Per serving - 174 cal, 7 g fat (3 ga sat), 20 g pro, 6 g carbo, 45 mg
  sod,
       64 mg chol
  
  Source: Family Circle (8/5/97)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT GRATINS WITH ALMOND & KIRSCH
 Categories: Desserts, Emeril, Ethnic, Am/la
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Honey
      1    Vanilla bean
  2 1/2 c  Water
  2 1/2 c  Fresh apricots

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
    3/4 c  Powdered sugar
  1 1/4 c  Almond flour
     10 tb Butter; softened
      2    Egg yolks
      1    Whole egg
    1/4 c  Slivered almonds
      3 tb Kirsch

MMMMM--------------------------GARNISH-------------------------------
           Fresh mint
           Powdered sugar in shaker
 
  Prehaet the oven to 425 degrees.  In a sauce pan, combine the sugar,
  honey, vanilla bean and water. Bring the liquid to a boil. Add the
  apricots and bring back to a boil.  Remove from heat.  Invert a
  saucer on top of the fruit to keep it submerged.
    Cover the saucepan and let stand for 24 hours. During the
  marinating, the pits will impart an almond flavor to the apricots and
  their syrup. Drain the fruit, reserving the syrup and being careful
  not to crsuh the apricots. Halve the apricots. Remove and discard the
  pits. Place 4-5 apricot halves in the bottom of each gratin dish , so
  they cover the bottom of the dish, PLace the remaining apricots in a
  food processor with apricot syrup and puree until smooth. For the
  topping: Combine 1/2 cup of the powdered sugar, the almond powder,
  butter, egg yolks, and the whole egg in a mixinf bowl and beat with a
  whisk until smooth. Divide the batter among the 6 gratin dishes and
  spread evenly over the apricots. Sprinkle the top with the slivered
  almonds and remaining powdered sugar. Place the gratins in the oven
  and bake for 15-20 minutes. Bring the puree witht he Kirsch up to a
  simmer. Remove gratins from the oven and place one on each plate.
  Garnish with puree, powdered sugar and fresh mint.
  
  Source: Essence of Emeril, #2327, TVFN formatted by Lisa Crawford,
  4/28/96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT HORSERADISH SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Apricot jam
    1/3 c  Freshly grated or prepared
           White horseradish
      1 tb Fresh lime juice
           Salt
           Pepper
 
  Combine the jam and horseradish in a mixing bowl and whisk until
  smooth. Whisk in the lime juice and salt and pepper. If not serving
  immediately, transfer the sauce to a glass jar with a nonmetallic lid
  and refrigerate. It will keep for several weeks.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT ICE CREAM
 Categories: Low fat, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      8 oz Dried apricots
    1/4 pt (5 fl oz) water
    1/2 pt (10 fl oz) natural,
           Unsweetened, low fat yogurt
    1/4 pt (5 fl oz) fromage frais, if
           Available
      2 tb Lemon juice
      4 oz Icing sugar
           If not, use more yogurt
 
  Put apricots and water in a saucepan, bring to the boil and simmer
  for 20 minutes.  Allow to cool, then puree the result in a blender or
  food processor, add the rest of the ingredients and mix thoroughly.
  Freeze, stirring regularly.  An ice-cream maker would be even better,
  but I don't have one.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT JALOUSIE WITH AMARETTO CREAM
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------------AMARETTO CREAM----------------------------
      6    Large egg yolks
      3 tb Sugar
      1 c  Whipping cream
      1    (1-inch) vanilla bean,
           -cut in half lengthwise
      2 tb Amaretto liqueur

MMMMM----------------------------TART---------------------------------
      3 tb Unsalted butter
     12    Whole canned apricots,
           -drained well, or 12 very
           -ripe fresh apricots,
           -peeled, halved, pitted
    1/4 c  Sugar (or more)
      1    (3-inch) piece vanilla bean
           -cut in half lengthwise
      1    Sheet frozen puff pastry
           -(half of 17 1/2 oz pk)
           -thawed
      1    Egg, beaten to blend-glaze
           Additional sugar
 
  FOR AMARETTO CREAM: Whisk yolks and sugar in bowl to blend. Pour
  cream into heavy medium saucepan.  Scrape seeds from vanilla bean
  into cream; add bean.  Bring to boil. Gradually whisk hot cream into
  yolk mixture. Return to saucepan; stir over low heat until mixture
  thickens and leaves path on back of spoon when finger is drawn
  across, about 4 minutes; do not boil. Remove from heat; stir in
  amaretto. Transfer to bowl. Press plastic wrap directly onto surface
  of cream to prevent skin from forming. Chill until cold. (Can be made
  4 days ahead. Keep chilled). Remove vanilla bean.
  
  FOR TART: Melt butter in large skillet over medium heat. Add apricots
  and 1/3 cup sugar.  Scrape in seeds from vanilla bean; add bean. Cook
  until apricots are tender, fall apart and form thick puree, stirring
  occasionally, about 15 minutes for canned apricots and 30 minutes for
  fresh. Cool. Remove vanilla bean. Sweeten mixtrue with more sugar, if
  desired.
  
  Preheat oven to 425F.  Roll out pastry on floured surface to
  12x16-inch rectangle.  Cut in half lengthwise, forming two 6x16 inch
  rectangles. Place 1 rectangle in center of baking sheet. Spread
  apricots evenly over pastry, leaving 3/4 inch border on all sides.
  Brush border with egg glaze. Place second rectangle atop filling.
  Press edges firmly to seal. Brush with glaze.  To form rim, fold up
  1/2 inch of edge all around; press to seal. Brush top with glaze;
  sprinkle with sugar. Using small sharp knife, make diagonal cuts 2
  inches apart across tart, cutting just to filling. Bake until golden,
  about 25 minutes. Cool. Serve with amaretto cream.
  
  Bon Appetit/May 94 Typed by Didi Pahl
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT JAM
 Categories: Condiments, Jams
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  3 1/4 c  Prepared fruit
    1/2    Bottle fruit pectin
      7 c  Sugar
 
  Wash apricots.  Pit.  Do not peel.  Cut in small pieces. Crush
  thoroughly. Combine sugar and fruit. Mix well. Hat rapidly to full
  rolling boil. Stir constantly before and while boiling. Boil hard 1
  minute. Remove from fire. Stir in fruit pectin. Skim. The Household
  Searchlight
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT KOLACHKY FILLING
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 106 Servings
 
      8 oz Dried appricots
  1 1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 tb Cornstarch
 
  Contributed to the echo by: Leti Labell Originally from: "The Best of
  Boris" by the St. Mark Women's Guild of Bethesda, Md. Apricot Kolachky
  Filling #1 Wash apricots. Combine apricots and water; cook until soft,
  about 1/2 hour, stirring constantly to keep from scorching. Stir in
  sugar and cornstarch and cook for one minute. Cool. use a teaspoonful
  of filling for each square. Makes 8 dozen.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT KOLACHKY FILLING #1
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 106 Servings
 
      8 oz Dried appricots
  1 1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 tb Cornstarch
 
  Contributed to the echo by: Leti Labell Originally from: "The Best of
  Boris" by the St. Mark Women's Guild of Bethesda, Md. Apricot Kolachky
  Filling #1 Wash apricots. Combine apricots and water; cook until soft,
  about 1/2 hour, stirring constantly to keep from scorching. Stir in
  sugar and cornstarch and cook for one minute. Cool. use a teaspoonful
  of filling for each square. Makes 8 dozen.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT KOLACHKY FILLING #2
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Apricot preserves
    1/2 c  Coconut
    1/2 c  Chopped pecans or walnuts
 
  Contributed to the echo by: Leti Labell Originally from: "The Best of
  Boris" by the St. Mark Women's Guild of Bethesda, Md. Apricot Kolachky
  Filling #2 Mix the above ingredients and refrigerate until ready to
  use.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT KOLACHY
 Categories: Breads, Desserts, Low-cal
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
           -FHMN87A
      1 tb Active dry yeast
    1/4 c  Lukewarm water
    1/4 c  + 2 T sugar
    1/4 c  Margarine
      2    Eggs
    1/2 ts Lemon extract
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Water
  3 1/2 c  To 4 C Flour
     24    Dried apricots or prunes
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
 
  Dissolve the yeast in the 1/4 cup of warm water. Add the 1/4 cup of
  sugar and margarine. When the margarine is soft, add the salt,eggs,
  lemon extract, 1/2 cup of water, and 3 cups of the flour. Beat until
  thoroughly blended. Place on a floured surface and knead in extra
  flour to make a soft, smooth dough. Transfer to a lightly oiled bowl,
  cover with a damp cloth, let rise until doubled in bulk. (about 1
  hour) Meanwhile, cook the apricots in the remaining 1/2 cup of water
  for 15 to 20 minutes, or until softened. Puree. Add the cinnamon and
  the remaining 2 Tablespoons of sugar and mix well. Cool until needed.
  Punch the dough down and let rest for 5 minutes. Roll out on a
  floured,surface to approximately 1/2 inch thick and cut into 2-inch
  circles. Place a spoonful of the apricot (or prune) purr in the
  center. Place on an oiled baking sheet. Let rise for 15 minutes. Bake
  in a 400 F oven for 10 to 15 minutes, or until browned. From The ADA
  Holiday Cookbook by Dr. Betty Wedman. 1 serving = 1 bread, 1/2 fat
  and 1/2 fruit exchange. = 114 Cal, 20 CHO, 3 PRO,
        3    FAT, 79 Na, 81 K, 23 Chol
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT LIQUEUR
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages
      Yield: 3 Cups
 
      2 c  Smashed apricot pits
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ground coriander
      2 c  Vodka 100 proof
      1 c  Sugar syrup (see recipe)
 
  Partly fill a cloth bag with the apricot pits (available at most
  health food stores). Smash with a hammer, keeping shells and meaty
  centers. Place smashed pits in a 1-quart container. Add cinnamon,
  corriander, and vodka. Store for 2 months in a cool dark place. Then
  filter through a cheesecloth lined strainer and discard fruit pits.
  Strain a few times until clear. Add sugar syrup and age for an
  additional 2 weeks. Recipe may require some finetuning and apricot
  extract can be added to offer additional flavoring. Yield: 3 cups
                  Containe: Wide mouth liter jar
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT LITE JAM
 Categories: Condiments, Jams
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  (480 mL) dried apricots
  1 1/2 c  (360 mL) crushed pineapple,
           -unsweetened (if using
           -canned,
           Drain)
      1    Orange, peeled, seeded and
           -chopped
           Juice of 1/2 lemon
  3 1/2 c  (840 mL) sugar
 
  Cover apricots with cold water and let soak overnight. Simmer
  apricots in soaking water, uncovered, until tender. Mash with a
  potato masher or in a food processor. Add pineapple, orange, lemon
  juice, and sugar to apricot mixture.  Simmer until sugar has
  dissolved, stirring frequently; then cook over high heat until thick,
  about 20 - 30 minutes. Skim off foam. Pour into hot jars, leaving
  1/4" (6mm) head space. Adjust caps.
  
  Process 10 minutes in boiling water bath.  Yield: 6 half pints (1440
  mL)
  
  From: The Ball Blue Book Shared By: Pat Stockett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT MARMALADE
 Categories: Desserts, Jams
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Dried apricots (firmly
           -packed
      4 c  Water
      2 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
 
  Wash fruit, soak 8 hours in the 4 c of water.  Place over heat in
  water in which it has been soaked; simmer until very soft; rub
  through coarse sieve, return pulp to heat; when it reaches boiling
  point, add sugar and simmer gently for 40 to 45 minutes, stirring
  almost constantly as it scorches very easily.  Add cinnamon while
  cooking. Pour into sterilized half-pints to within 1/2 inch of top.
  Put on cap, screw band firmly tight. Process in boiling water bath
  ten minutes.
  
  Posted by Terri St.Louis-Woltmon
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT MIST PUNCH
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
      1 cn 46oz Apricot Nector
      1 cn Pineapple juice
      3    6oz.cans frozen limeade
           -concentrate
      3    Bottles ginger ale,
           -28oz each
 
  Combine Apricot nector, pineapple juice, and concentrate in punch
  bowl. Stir in ginger ale.  Add ice ring with lime slices etc. NOTES
  : For adults add Rum
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Finely snipped apricots
    1/3 c  Unsweetened apple juice
      1 c  Whole wheat flour
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Ground cardamom or ginger
    1/3 c  Chopped walnuts
      3 tb Vegetable oil
      1 tb Sugar
      1    Egg
 
  Soak the apricots in the apple juice for 10 minutes. Combine the
  flour, baking powder, baking soda, spice and walnuts in a bowl. Beat
  together the oil, sugar, and egg. Add the apricots, with the juice
  and egg mixture to the flour.
  
  Mix just until all the ingredients are blended.  Spoon into oiled
  muffin tins or (my choice) paper muffin cups (sprayed with non-stick
  spray). Fill cups 3/4 full. Bake in 350 F oven for 10 to 15 minutes,
  or until golden brown.
  
  1 muffin - 182 calories, 1 bread exchange, 1/2 fruit, 2 fat 22 grams
  carbohydrate, 4 grams protein, 10 grams fat 97 mg sodium, 166 mg
  potassium, 34 mg cholesterol
  
  Source:  Am. Diabetes Assoc. Holiday Cookbook by Betty Wedman, 1986
  Shared but not yet tested by Elizabeth Rodier, Nov 93.
  
  Suggestions:  Use raisins to test the recipe if you do not have
  apricots. Leave out walnuts to reduce the fat and use 2 egg whites
  instead of the whole egg to reduce cholesterol if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT MUSTARD
 Categories: Condiments, Christmas
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  SWEET 'N' HOT MUSTARD
    1/2 c  Apricot jam
    3/4 c  Dry mustard
 
  Mix together in a bowl. Transfer to a jar with a tight-fitting lid.
  Age in a cool dark place for 2 to 8 weeks, then refrigerate.
  
  An exotic mustard that's great with stout cheeses.
  
  Makes 2 tb per "serving"
  
  Recipe by Helene Sawyer in "Gourmet Mustards" ISBN# 0-914667-07-6
  Published by Culinary Arts Ltd..
  
  Posted on GEnie Food & Wine RT Oct 11, 1992 by J.ZIOLA [Jeanne]
  Jeanne in Jersey - J.ZIOLA on GEnie - CBTN00C on *P*
  
  From the recipe files of Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$
  71511,2253, GT Cookbook echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT MUSTARD GLAZED LEG OF LAMB
 Categories: Lamb, Fruits, Canadian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Apricot jam
      2 tb Honey mustard
      2    Garlic cloves; chopped
      2 tb Soy sauce
      2 tb Olive oil
      1 ts Dried rosemary
      3 lb Lamb leg; butterflied
    1/2 c  Red wine
      1 c  Beef stock; canned/homemade
           Salt
           Ground pepper; to taste
 
  The crisp coating keeps the lamb succulent and juicy. Bake 10 minutes
  longer for medium-done. If you use frozen lamb, defrost in the
  refrigerator overnight. 1. Combine jam, mustard, garlic, soy sauce,
  olive oil and rosemary. Reserve 2 tb of marinade for sauce. Brush
  remainder all over lamb. Season well with salt and pepper. 2.
  Marinate for 30 minutes. 3. Broil lamb for 3 minutes per side. Then
  bake lamb at 425F(220C) fat side up for 20 minutes or until just
  pink. Remove from oven and let rest on a serving dish for 10 minutes.
  Pour off any fat in pan. 4. Add red wine to pan and reduce to 1 tb.
  Add beef broth, reserved marinade and any extra lamb juices from the
  serving dish. Bring to boil and hoil for 2 minutes. 5. Slice lamb in
  thin slices against the grain. Serve with some sauce poured over.
  Serve with a Merlot wine from Ontario Canada, California USA, or St
  Emilion. A chianti is another fine match.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT NECTAR CAKE
 Categories: Dessert, Cake, Low fat, From mix
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------CAKE---------------------------------
      1 tb All purpose flour
      8 lg Egg whites
    1/2 c  Unsweetened applesauce
      1 pk Yellow cake mix (reg size)
           Without pudding in the mix
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 c  Apricot nectar

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/3 c  Nonfat Buttermilk
      2 tb Tub style reduced calorie
           Margarine
    1/4 ts Vanilla
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Lightly coat a 12 cup Bundt Pan with non
  stick spray.  Dust the pan with the 1 tablespoon of flour. Set aside.
  
  In a large bowl beat the egg whites with an electric mixer until they
  are foamy.  Stir in the applesauce, then stir in the cake mix and
  sugar.
  
  Slowly drizzle the apricot nectar into the egg white mixture while
  beating the mixture on a low speed. Then beat the mixture on medium
  speed for 5 minutes. Spread the batter in the prepared pan and bake
  for 45 to 50 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center of
  the cake comes out clean.  Cool the cake in the pan on a rack for 10
  minutes.
  
  GLAZE
  
  In a small saucepan, stir together the sugar, buttermilk, margarine
  and vanilla.  Bring to a boil without stirring. Reduce heat and
  gently boil for one minute.
  
  Invert the cake onto a serving platter and remove the pan. While the
  cake is still warm, use a toothpick to poke holes in it. Then pour
  the glaze over the cake.
  
  Cool before serving.
  
  To store - cover the cake and refrigerate.
  
  Per Serving: 277 calories, 5.7 g total fat, 1.2 g saturated fat, 0 mg
  cholesterol, 345 mg sodium
  
  Healthy Hometown
  
   Courtesy of Dale & Gail Shipp, Columbia Md.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT NECTAR CHEESECAKE TART
 Categories: Cheesecakes, Desserts
      Yield: 14 Servings
 
     15 oz Pkg Pillsbury
           -Refrigerated Pie Crusts

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
    1/4 oz Envelope unflavored
           -gelatin
     12 oz Can apricot nectar
      1 c  Whipping cream
     11 oz Cream cheese, softened
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 tb Lemon juice

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      1 tb Sugar
      1 tb Flour
      2 ts Amaretto OR ...
    1/4 ts Almond extract (opt)
    1/2 c  Whipping cream (opt)
      1 tb Powdered sugar (opt)
 
  Heat oven to 450 degrees.  Prepare pie crust according to package
  directions for one-crust baked shell using 10" tart pan with removable
  bottom or 9" pie pan. (Refrigerate remaining crust for later use.)
  Place prepared crust in pan; Press in bottom and up sides of pan.
  Trim edges if necessary.  Bake for 9 to 11 minutes or until lightly
  browned. Cool completely. In small saucepan, sprinkle gelatin over 1
  c of the apricot nectar. Cook over low hat, stirring until gelatin
  dissolves. Refrigerate 30 to 35 minutes until partially thickened. In
  small bowl, beat 1 c whipping cream until stiff peaks form.  In large
  bowl, combine cream cheese, 1/2 c sugar, nutmeg and vanilla; beat
  until smooth and creamy. Add lemon juice; blend well. Beat in apricot
  mixture until well blended. Fold in whipped cream.  Spread over
  cooled baked crust; refrigerate 2 hours. In small saucepan, combine 1
  T sugar and flour. Gradually stir in remaining 1/2 c apricot nectar.
  Cook over medium heat until mixture boils and thickens, stirring
  constantly.  Remove from heat; stir in amaretto. Cool to room
  temperature. Pour over tart; spread evenly. Refrigerate until topping
  is set, about 30 minutes.  In small bowl, beat 1/2 c whipping cream
  and powdered sugar until stiff peaks form. Pipe or spoon around edge
  of tart. Store in refrigerator.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT NECTARINE CAKE BY CHARLOTTE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 pk D.Hines Lemon Sup. cake mix
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1 c  Apricot Nectar
      4    Eggs (or 1 cup Egg Beaters)
      1 c  Wessin Oil
 
  Combine the above ingredients. Pour the mixture into BUNDT pan. Bake
  for 55 minutes at 375 degrees.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT NUT BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Fruit, Quick bread
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  All-purpose flour -- sifted
      1 c  Whole-wheat flour --
           Stirred
    1/2 c  Brown sugar -- packed
      1 tb Baking powder
      1 ts Orange rind -- grated
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Walnuts -- chopped
    3/4 c  Dried apricots -- chopped
      1 c  Milk
      2 tb Orange liqueur
           Or orange juice
      2 tb Butter or margarine --
           Melted
      1    Egg
      1    Egg yolk
 
  In large bowl, stir together first 8 ingredients; set aside. In medium
  bowl, mix milk, liqueur, butter, egg and egg yolk until well blended.
  Add milk mixture to dry ingredients; stir just until moistened. Pour
  batter into greased 8 1/2x 4 1/2x2 1/2" loaf pan. Bake in 350 degree
  oven 45 to 50 minutes, or until loaf is golden brown and toothpick
  inserted in center comes out clean.  Cool in pan 10 minutes.
  Remove;cool on rack. Makes 1 loaf.
  
  Recipe By     : Farm Journal's Homemade Breads
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT NUT MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Fruits, Muffins
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Shortening
      1 ea Egg; Large
    3/4 c  Apricot Nectar
      4 ts Orange Rind; Grated
      3 c  Whole Wheat Flour
  3 1/2 ts Baking Powder
      1 ts Salt
      1 c  Apricots; Dried, ChoppedFine
    3/4 c  Chopped Nuts, Optional
 
  Mix the sugar, shortening and egg until fluffy.  Stir in the apricot
  nectar and orange rind.  Sift together the flour, baking powder, salt
  and add to the creamed mixture. Blend in the apricots and nuts and
  add to the batter. Pour into the muffin tins, that have been sprayed
  with a non-stick coating. Let stand for 20 minutes and then bake at
  350 degrees F. for 15 to 20 minutes or until done.  Cool on racks.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT OATMEAL BARS
 Categories: Cookies, Holidays, Fruits, Format/may
      Yield: 36 Bars
 
MMMMM-----------------------CRUMB MIXTURE----------------------------
  1 1/4 c  All-purpose flour
  1 1/4 c  Quick-cooking oats
    1/2 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Butter; melted
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 ts Vanilla

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      1    10-oz jar (3/4 cup) apricot
           -preserves
    1/2 c  Flaked coconut
 
  Heat oven to 350 degrees. In large mixer bowl comine all crumb mixture
  ingredients. Beat at low speed until crumbly. RESERVE 1 CUP CRUMB
  MIXTURE; press remaining crumb mixture on bottom of greased 13x9-inch
  baking pan.
  
  Spread apricot preserves to within 1/2-inch from edge of crumb
  mixture; sprinkle with reserved crumb mixture and coconut. Bake for
  22 to 27 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Cool completely;
  cut into bars.
  
  Source:  LandOLakes #34 - _Favorite Holiday Cookies_. MM format by
  Mary Ann Young <maryann36@juno.com>
  
  Nutrition info:  1 bar = 100 calories; 4.5g fat.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT OR PEACH GLAZE
 Categories: Other sauce, Grilled
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Apricots or peaches
      3 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Salad oil
    1/4 ts Liquid smoke (optional)
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Finely chopped green onions
 
  Puree fruits or place in electric blender until smooth. Add remaining
  ingredients in saucepan and simmer 8 to 12 minutes. Makes about 1 1/3
  cups. Baste on barbequing chicken, lamb or pork during last 20
  minutes cooking time.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT ORANGE SHERBET
 Categories: Kosher, Desserts
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
      2 c  Dried apricots
    1/2 c  Orange juice
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
  2 1/4 c  Water
      2    Egg whites
 
  Cook apricots and water until done.  Drain.  If there isn't two cups
  liquid left add water.  Add sugar to liquid and cook until well
  disolved. Cool. Mash apricots. Add orange juice. Add both to chilled
  syrup. Put in freezer. When firm, place in well chilled bowl. Add
  unbeaten egg whites. Beat until fluffy.  Return to freezing
  compartment.  This recipe makes a lot of sherbet.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT PIE
 Categories: Fruits, Pies & past
      Yield: 9 Servings
 
      3 cn Apricots -- 16 oz each,
           Sliced
    1/2 c  Sugar
      3 tb Flour
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
        ds Salt
      3 tb Butter
      4 ts Lemon Juice

MMMMM---------------------------PASTRY--------------------------------
      3 c  Flour
  1 1/4 c  Shortening
      1 ts Salt
      1    Egg
      2 ts Vinegar
      5 tb Ice Water
 
  For filling: Heat oven to 375 deg F. Drain apricots; reserve 1/3 C
  syrup. In a saucepan, stir together sugar, flour, spices and salt.
  Add reserved syrup; cook until thickened; remove from heat and add
  butter, lemon juice and apricots.  Pour mixture into prepared,
  pastry-lined pie pan. Place top crust; crimp to seal; cut slits in
  top. Bake for 45 min.
  
  Pastry: Blend together flour, shortening and salt with a pastry
  blender. Beat together egg, vinegar and ice water. Mix with flour
  mixture, using fork, until mixture forms a ball. Roll out 1/8" thick
  on lightly floured pastry cloth with covered rolling pin.  Fit crust
  into pie pan and trim. Bake pie according to filling directions.
  
  Patricia Lomax, Mansfield, Ohio
  
  Recipe By     : Home Cooking, Oct 1994, pg 53
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT PILLOWS
 Categories: Cookies, Christmas
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1    Stick butter, softened (4oz)
      1    Egg
    1/2 ts Almond extract
  1 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/8 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Firmly packed dried apricots
      1 tb Honey
 
  From "375 Great Cookies & Brownies," by Joanne Lamb Hayes and Bonnie
  Tandy Leblang (HarperCollins, 1993, $16.95).
  
  In medium bowl, beat sugar and butter with an electric mixer on medium
  speed until well blended. Beat in egg and almond extract until light
  and fluffy.
  
  Mix together flour, baking powder, salt and add, beat on low speed
  until dough is smooth, scraping down sides of bowl frequently with a
  rubber spatula. Wrap dough and refrigerate 2-3 hours, until firm.
  
  Meanwhile, finely chop dried apricots. In a small bowl stir together
  apricots and honey. Set apricot filling aside at room temperature
  until dough has chilled.
  
  Heat oven to 350'F. Between pieces of waxed paper, roll out dough 1/8"
  thick. Cut out cookies with 2" round cutter. Reroll scraps to make
  additional cookies.
  
  Place half of cookies 2" apart on lightly greased cookie sheets. Spoon
  about 1/2 teaspoon apricot filling into center of cookies. Moisten
  edges of cookies with water and top with remaining cookies to make a
  sandwich. Press edges together with fingertips to seal. Pierce center
  of each "pillow" with tines of fork.
  
  Bake 10-12 minutes, or until edges are golden brown. Let cookies cool
  2 minutes on sheets, then remove to racks and cool completely. Store
  in a tightly covered container. Makes about 20 cookies.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT POUND CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 c  Unsalted butter -- softened
      3 c  Granulated sugar
      6 lg Eggs
      1 c  Sour cream
    1/2 c  Apricot brandy
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      2 ts Dark rum
      3 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Baking soda
 
  In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar.  Beat until mixture is light
  and fluffy.  Add eggs 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.
  Beat in sour cream, brandy, vanilla, and rum. In another bowl, sift
  together the flour, salt, and baking soda.  Stir the flour mixture
  into the butter and egg mixture. Pour batter into buttered Bundt pan
  and bake for 1 hour at 325^, or until cake tester inserted in the
  center comes out clean. Cool the cake in the pan on a rack for 1
  hour. Then, turn it out of the pan on a rack to cool completely.
  ~Diana Rattray
  
  Recipe By     : Dining on Deck
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT PRESERVES
 Categories: Spreads, Jams, Preserves
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      4 kg Pitted, very ripe apricots
           -(8 lbs 12 oz)
  3 1/4 kg Sugar (7 lbs)
           Juice of 1 lemon
  1 1/2 pk "Einsiedehilfe" ('Preserving
           -Aid') dissolved in
 
  hot water
  
  Cook apricots and sugar to setting point, continually skimming off
  foam. Shortly before done, add lemon juice. Remove from heat. Stir in
  'Preserving Aid' dissolved in hot water. Pour into hot, dry,
  sterilized jars. Seal jars with cellophane the top of which has been
  dipped in rum and smooth the overhang over the jars' necks, tying
  with thin twine.
  
  Makes 12 half-liter jars and one quarter-liter jar. (Between 13 and
  14 1 pint jars).
  
  "Einsiedehilfe" ('Preserving Aid') is sold (in Austria) in 15 gram
  packages and consists of 65 percent sugar and 35 percent benzoic acid.
  
  To test for setting point:  Spoon a little of the conserve onto a
  chilled saucer. Leave for a few minutes - then hold saucer upside
  down. If conserve doesn't run, then setting point has been reached.
  
  From:  Maria Baumgartner (Karin Brewer's mother), Vienna, Austria
  Posted by:  Karin Brewer, Cooking Echo, 6/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT RAISIN COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies, Fruits
      Yield: 3 Dozen
 
      1 c  Unbleached white flour
      1 c  Large old fashioned Oat
           Flakes
    1/2 c  Wheat flakes
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
    3/4 c  Brown sugar
      2    Eggs
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Chopped dried apricots
    1/2 c  Raisins
 
  Preheat oven to 375 F. Combine white flour, oat flakes, wheat flakes,
  baking soda and salt; set aside. Cream butter or margarine and brown
  sugar together until light. Add eggs and vanilla. Beat well. Stir in
  dry ingredients. Add chopped, dried apricots and raisins and stir
  until fruit is well distributed. Drop from a teaspoon onto a greased
  baking sheet. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Source: Creative Home Cooking
  #355
  :          by Mona Brun
  
  From the collection of K. Deck
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT RAISIN SPREAD DAVIS
 Categories: Cheese, Appetizers, Dips, Fruits/nuts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      8 oz Cream cheese, cut into bits
           -softened
    1/2 c  Apricot jam
    1/2 c  Golden raisins
           -walnut halves, garnish
 
  In a food processor blend together the cream cheese and the jam until
  the mixture is smooth; add the raisins and pulse the motor until the
  mixture is just combined. Transfer the spread to a ramekin or small
  decorative bowl and chill it for 1 hour.  Garnish the spread with the
  walnut halves and serve it with crackers. Makes about 1 1/2 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT RICE PUDDING
 Categories: Puddings
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Rice
      1 qt Non-fat milk
    3/4 c  Non-fat egg substitute
           -(equivalent to 3 eggs)
    1/2 c  Sugar
        ds Salt
    1/2 ts Grated lemon zest
      1 ts Vanilla
      6    Apricots, pitted and sliced
           -(about 1 pound)
      2 tb Brown sugar, packed
 
  Combine rice and 1 1/2 cups non-fat milk in saucepan. Heat to boiling.
  Reduce heat. Cover and simmer until milk is absorbed, about 15
  minutes. Combine remaining 2 1/2 cups non-fat milk, egg substitute,
  sugar, salt, lemon zest and vanilla. Stir in apricots.
  
  Pour into 9" square pan and set in pan of hot water. Bake at 325'F.
  30-40 minutes or until set. Chill until serving time. Just before
  serving sprinkle brown sugar over top of custard and broil until
  sugar melts and top is lightly browned.
  
  Each serving contains about: 114 calories; 86 milligrams sodium; 2
  milligrams cholesterol; 1 gram fat; 23 grams carbohydrates; 5 grams
  protein; 0.24 gram fiber.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT RUM CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Alcohol, Bundt
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
           -Pam Coombes
      1 pk Yellow cake mix
      4 lg Eggs
           -Glaze
      1    Stick butter
    3/4 c  Oil
    2/3 c  Sugar
    2/3 c  Apricot nectar
    1/3 c  Meyer's rum
 
   Combine cake mix, eggs, oil and apricot nectar and beat with mixer 10
  mins. Pour into lightly greased and floured tube pan and bake for 50
  mins at 325F. Combine butter, sugar and rum in saucepan and bring to
  a boil. Prick cake with long pronged fork; slowly pour glaze over top
  and sides. May be frozen.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      6 oz Apricot Jello
      8 oz Cream cheese
      1 c  Sugar
      5 tb Milk
      3 c  Water
      8 oz Cool whip
     16 oz Can crushed pineapple
 
  Combine pineapple,water, sugar and bring to boil.  Add jello and blend
  well. Put in large dish in refrigerator until set. Cream cream cheese
  at room temperature and milk and beat into jello mixture. Let set
  again. Then blend cool whip into the mixture and let set again. Make
  night before. Serves 10 - 12.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT SALSA
 Categories: Salsa
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
      1/2    Red Bell Pepper -- Roasted
  :          and chopped
  :          Olive Oil
        1 sm Onion -- Chopped
        1 sm Tomato -- Chopped
        1    Jalapeno -- Finely minced
        2    Apricot -- Chopped
        2 TB Rum, Dark
  :          Apple Cider
  
  Cut a red bell pepper in half, remove seeds, and roast half of it
  (brush with olive oil and put under broiler very close to heat until
  blackened, about 5 minutes). Chop.
  
  Saute onion in about a tablespoon of olive oil until translucent. Add
  tomato and jalapeno and saute about another 5 minutes, until tomato is
  cooked.  Add cider to cover and apricots and boil down until cider is
  almost all boiled off.  Chopped roasted bell pepper and stir. Add
  dark rum and flambe.  (light and swirl until it goes out).
  
  Recipe By     : kenf@advtech.uswest.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT SAUCE
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits/nuts, Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 oz Apricots; Dried
    3/4 c  Apple Juice
    1/2 c  Orange Juice
    1/4 c  Honey
      2 tb Water
      2 ts Cornstarch
           Ginger; Ground, To Taste
           Cinnamon; Ground, To Taste
      1 tb Sweet Vermouth
 
  Cover the apricots with the apple juice and bring to a full boil.
  Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, 30 minutes. Stir the apricots
  occasionally so they will not stick or burn. Let the apricots cool,
  then strain. Reserve the cooking liquid.  Chop the cooked apricots
  and set aside. In a 2-quart saucepan combine the orange juice, honey,
  water, cornstarch, ginger and cinnamon.  Heat, stirring constantly,
  until thickened slightly. Remove the pan from the heat and add the
  apricots, their cooking liquid and vermouth. Serve hot or well
  chilled. Each Tablespoon contains: Cal Prot Carb Fib Fat Fat    Chol
     Sodium
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT SC POUND CAKE
 Categories: C, K, E
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
           RAMONA WACHTER
 
  2 c sugar 1 c unsalted butter (2 sticks) 6 X eggs 3 c flour 1/4 t.
  baking soda 1/2 t. salt 1 c sour cream (8 oz. pkg.) 1/2 t. rum flavor
  1 t. each orange and vanilla flavors 1/4 t. almond flavor 1/2 c
  apricot brandy
  
   Cream together butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Then add the
  eggs one at a time, beating with each addition.Sift together flour,
  baking soda and salt>>>>>> Add flour along with the sour cream, mix
  till blended. Carefully stir in the flavorings of rum, orange,
  vanilla, almond along with the apricot brandy. Spoon into a geased
  tube pan and bake till it tests done.  Allow cake to cool in pan
  before inverting to remove it. 350 degrees--1 hour or till tests done
  Know you will enjoy this one!
                                  Mona/Ill.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT SCONES
 Categories: Crs, Totest, Post
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Flour
      1 c  Oat bran
      2 tb Sugar
      1 tb Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Butter
      1    Egg, lightly beaten
      3 tb Milk
      1 cn (17oz) apricot halves,
           Drained and chopped
 
  Preheat oven to 400F.
  
  Combine flour, oat bran, sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut in butter
  until mixture resembles fine crumbs. Stir in egg, milk and apricots
  just until dough leaves sides of bowl.
  
  Divide dough in half; place on a lightly floured board and coat both
  sides with flour to seal. Form a 6" round 1" high circle; cut into 6
  wedges with a floured knife. Seperate wedges and bake 12 minutes on
  an ungreased cookie sheet until golden brown. Cool slightly on a wire
  rack; serve warm.
  
  Country Accents Christmas Cookies and Holiday Entertaining Ideas 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT SOUFFLE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Heavy cream
  2 1/4 ts Flour
    1/4 c  Sugar, plus additional for
           --dusting souffle dish
      8 lg Fresh apricots; 4 diced,
           --4 sliced
      1 ts Kirsch
      3    X-large eggs, separated at
           --room temperature
           Pinch cream of tartar
      1 ts Butter
           Confectioner's sugar
 
  Preheat oven to 450 F.  Combine cream, flour, 1/4 cup sugar, and diced
  apricots in a large saucepan.  Bring to a simmer over medium heat and
  cook, whisking until thick, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat, add
  kirsch, then wisk in egg yolks one at a time.
  
  Beat egg whites in a nonreactive mixing bowl until foamy; add cream of
  tartar; continue to beat until very stiff.
  
  Butter a small souffle dish (6 1/2 " diameter, 2 1/2" deep), dust with
  sugar, and spread 1/4 cup apricot mixture on bottom. Add about a
  third of the egg whites to the remaining apricot mixture; gently fold
  together. Repeat, carefully folding in remaining egg whites in two
  batches. Do not overmix.  Spoon over apricot mixture in souffle dish.
  
  Make sure oven rack is low enough to allow souffle room to rise 2"
  above rim of dish.  Bake souffle until lightly browned on top, 12-15
  minutes. Dust generously with confectioner's sugar and arrange sliced
  apricots on top.  Serve immediately. (Souffle will coninue to cook as
  it rests; start eating on the outside and work your way into the
  middle.)
  
  Reprinted from Saveur Magazine - July/Aug 1996.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT SQUARES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Dried apricots
    1/2 c  Butter, softened
    1/4 c  Sugar
  1 1/3 c  Flour, divided
      1 c  Light brown sugar, packed
      2    Eggs
    1/2 c  Chopped almonds or walnuts
    1/2 ts Double-acting baking powder
    1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Salt
           Confectioners sugar
 
   You can use either almonds or walnuts in this recipe-each gives a
  very different flavor.
  
   In a small saucepan, place apricots and cover with water. Cook,
  covered, over low heat for 15 minutes. Drain, and when apricots are
  cool enough to handle, chop finely. Set aside.
  
   Preheat oven to 350ø. Grease 8 x 8-inch baking pan. In a large bowl,
  beat butter, sugar and 1 cup flour until well mixed and crumbly; pat
  into bottom of pan. Bake 20 minutes at 350ø or just until golden.
  
   While batter is in oven, use the same bowl to mix all remaining
  ingredients (including apricots) except confectioners sugar. Pour over
  baked layer and return to oven for 25 minutes.
  
   Remove from oven; cool in pan before cutting in squares or oblongs
  with a sharp knife. Dust with confectioners sugar.
  
  Yield: 16-20 squares or oblongs. Martina Boudreau, St. Louis, MO
  
     Randy Shearer
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT SUMMER SUNDAE
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Ice cream
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Apricots; sliced, divided
      2 ts Dark brown sugar
    1/4 ts Orange peel; grated
      2 c  Vanilla or raspberry nonfat
           -frozen yogurt
           Raspberries, optional
           Slivered orange peel, opt.
 
  In a medium-sized bowl, combine 2 cups apricots, brown sugar and
  grated orange peel.  Spoon evenly into individual dessert dishes; top
  with frozen yogurt. Garnish with raspberries, remaining sliced
  apricots and slivered orange peel.  Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT TEA COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Lightly Salted Butter
    1/8 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Sugar
    3/4 c  Apricot Preserves (divided)
      1 lg Egg Yolk
    1/2 ts Baking Powder
    1/8 ts Almond Extract
        lg Lemon Zest, finely grated
    1/4 ts Orange Zest, finely grated
  2 1/2 c  Flour
      1 c  Almonds, blanched and finel
           -chopped
      3    Cookies Sheets, greased wit
           -crisco
 
  Place butter in a bowl and beat on medium speed until light and
  smooth. Add salt, sugar and / cup of the apricot preserves. Beat
  until smooth. Beat in yolks, baking powder, almonds and both zests
  until well blended. Gradually beat in the flour until well blended.
  Spread almonds in a shallow bowl or pan. Pinch off 1" pieces of
  dought and roll into balls. Roll in chopped almonds until coated. If
  too soft, refrigerate 5-10 minutes. Place 1/" apart. Make a deep
  indentation in the center of each cookie and bake 5 minutes in a
  preheated 375oF oven on the center rack. Remove and fill the
  indentation with /t of perserves. Return to oven and continue baking
  6-8 minutes longer until light golden. Remove and let stand 2-3
  minutes before transferring to a wire rack. Cool completely. Place
  wax paper between each cookie and store in an air tight container.
  
  Source: "The Yankee Kitchen" 04-05-93 (#4) [Jeanette]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT TEA RING
 Categories: Breads, Yeast
      Yield: 1 Tea ring
 
MMMMM---------------------------DOUGH--------------------------------
      1    Cake compressed yeast; or...
      1 pk -Dry yeast
    1/4 c  Lukewarm water
    3/4 c  Milk; scalded
    1/4 c  Brown sugar, firmly packed
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Shortening
      3 c  Sifted all-purpose flour
           -- (plus more as necessary)
      1    Egg; beaten
      1 c  Quaker Oats, uncooked
           -- (quick or old-fashioned)

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
     12 oz Dried apricots
      2 c  Water
      1 ts Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Sugar
 
  For dough, soften yeast in lukewarm water.  (Use warm water for dry
  yeast.) Pour scalded milk over sugar, salt and shortening. Cool to
  lukewarm. Stir in 1 cup flour and egg. Add softened yeast and oats.
  Stir in enough more flour to make a soft dough.
  
  Turn out on lightly floured board or canvas; knead until smooth and
  satiny; about 10 minutes.  Round dough into ball; place in greased
  bowl; brush lightly with melted shortening. Cover and let rise in
  warm place until double in size, about 1 hour.
  
  While dough is rising, prepare filling.  For filling, combine
  apricots, water, lemon juice and sugar in medium-sized saucepan. Cook
  over low heat, stirring occasionally until thickened. Cool.
  
  Punch dough down; cover; let rest 10 minutes.  Roll to form an
  18x12-inch rectangle.  Brush with melted butter; spread with filling.
  Starting with long side, roll up as for jelly roll. Form into circle
  on greased cooky sheet, sealed edge down.  Make cuts 2/3 of way
  through ring at 1-inch intervals.  Turn one section to left and next
  to right. Repeat around ring. [Cut edges showing a spiral of filling
  will be exposed, and parallel with the work surface. --K.M.] Brush
  lightly with melted shortening.
  
  Cover; let rise in warm place until nearly double in size, about 45
  minutes.  Bake in preheated moderate oven (350 F.) 20 to 25 minutes.
  Drizzle with confectioner's sugar frosting while still warm. Makes one
  large tea ring.
  
  Source: Our Favorites for family and friends Reprinted with
  permission from The Quaker Oats Company Electronic format courtesy of
  Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT TURKEY
 Categories: Harned 1994, Herbs, Main dish, Poultry, Rice
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Brown rice vinegar
      2 ts Molasses
      2 tb Onion; grated
      4    To 6 lb. turkey breast
           -- cut in 1" cubes
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      2    Garlic cloves; minced
      1 c  White grape juice
    1/2 c  ;Water
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Freshly grated ginger
      8 oz Dried apricots; slivered
      2 tb Minced fresh cilantro
 
  Combine brown rice vinegar, molasses, and grated onion. Add turkey
  cubes; toss to coat turkey with marinade. Refrigerate for several
  hours or overnight. Drain turkey, reserving marinade.
  
  Add oil to heavy nonstick skillet, set on medium heat, and brown a few
  turkey cubes and the garlic at a time (if you crowd the pan, the meat
  will steam, not brown).
  
  Put browned turkey in a large casserole.  Combine reserved marinade,
  white grape juice, water, lemon juice, and grated ginger; pour over
  turkey. Stir in apricot slivers and cover.
  
  Bake at 325 F. for 30 minutes.  Turkey should be tender. Stir in
  cilantro.
  
  Serve over steamed rice.
  
  Yield:  10 to 12 servings.
  
  From Sage Cottage Herb Garden Cookbook by Dorry Baird Norris.
  Chester, CT: The Globe Pequot Press, 1991. Pp. 118-119. ISBN
  0-87106-239-9. Posted by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT UPSIDE DOWN CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Text Recipe
 
  Another of my scores this weekend was "from SOUP to DESSERT with the
  NEW Irradiated PET MILK".
  
  That's a book title believe it or not.  It's copyrighted 1934 by Pet
  Milk company.  I was naturally curious as to why they were nuking Pet
  Milk in 1934. That screwed up my historical perspective pretty good,
  but it turns out that "irradiated" refers to running the milk under
  an ultraviolet light to increase vitamin D content, not making it
  glow in the dark. So once my reality check had subsided and I paged
  through the book, I saw this which made me think of you.
  
  1. In a 9-inch skillet melt 3 tablespoons butter.
  
  2. Remove from heat and sprinkle with 1/2 cup brown sugar.
  
  3. Arrange on sugar 24 canned apricot halves.
  
  Let stand while mixing batter.
  
  4. Beat until very light 2 eggs.
  
  5. Add, while beating, 1/4 tsp salt, 1 cup sugar and 1 tsp vanilla.
  
  6. Heat to boiling point:  1/4 cup Pet Milk diluted with 1/4 cup
  water and 1 Tbl shortening.
  
  7. ea Beat into egg mixture.
  
  8.  Sift together:  1 cup sifted cake flour and1 tsp baking powder.
  
  9. ea Add milk mixture beating quickly but thoroughly.
  
  10. lb over apricots.
  
  11. ea Bake in a moderate oven (350F) for 25 to 30 minutes or until
  cake shrinks from sides of pan.  Turn out while warm and serve with
  Whipped Pet Milk Topping.
  
  Serves 6.
  
  That's all pretty straight forward.  What it shows in the pictures
  but not in the text is that the cake is baked in a cast-iron skillet
  like a nice mess of cornbread.
  
  Here's the topping though I can't help but think it's a tad redundant.
  
  WHIPPED PET MILK (as a topping):
  
  Soak for 5 minutes:  1/4 tsp granulated gelatin in 1 tsp cold water.
  Scald in top of double boiler:  1/2 cup Pet Milk. Add gelatin and
  stir until dissolved. Pour into bowl and chill until icy cold. Then
  whip with rotary beater until stiff.
  
  Fold in 1 Tbl powdered sugar and 1 tsp vanilla.
  
  Makes about 1 1/2 cups...Serves 8.
  
  NOTE:  The following flavorings may be substituted for the vanilla: 2
  t orange extract 1 t lemon extract 1/2 t almond extract and 1/2
  teaspoon lemon extract 1/2 t peppermint extract 4 dr oil of peppermint
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; September 7, 1992.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT VODKA
 Categories: Misc.
      Yield: 1 Serves
 
      1 lb Apricots, Peeled and pitted
      3 c  Alcohol, Cooking
      2 c  Sugar
           Lemon Rinds, Grated
 
  Prep time: 0 mins   Cook time: 0 mins   Difficulty: **
  
  Boil the sugar in enough water to make a syrup; add the apricots and
  simmer for several minutes. Strain and allow to cool. Add the
  alcohol, 2 cups of water and the rinds; pour off into a bottle and
  store for at least a month. Strain and re-bottle for future use when
  ready.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT WHIP
 Categories: Low fat, Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 pk Dried apricots
      1    Or 2 TAB honey
      1 c  Fatfree plain yogurt
      1 c  Water
 
  Wash apricots and soak overnight in water. Put apricots with juice in
  blender, add honey and whirl until smooth. Pour mixture into a bowl
  and whip in yogurt with a fork. Serve chilled.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT WHITE CHOCOLATE WALNUT SCONES
 Categories: Breads, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 c  All-purpose flour
    1/3 c  Granulated sugar
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Unsalted butter, chilled
    1/2 c  Heavy (whipping) cream
      1 lg Egg
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla extract
      6 oz White chocolate, cut into
           -1/2 inch chunks*
      1 c  Toasted coarsely broken
           -walnuts**
      1 c  Finely chopped dried
           -apricots
 
  FROM:      Sue Bryant (Nerve Center - Source of the SPINAL_INJURY
  echo! (1:261/1000))
  
  I noticed someone in here was requesting apricot recipes and someone
  else is partial to white chocolate, so to kill two birds with one
  scone (ga ka ka ka ka) here is a delicious scone recipe from one of
  my parents' cookbooks.  They lived in England for three years, where
  scones are virtually the staff of life.
  
  Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  In a large bowl, stir together the
  flour, sugar, baking powder, and salt. Cut the butter into 1/2 inch
  cubes and distribute them over the flour mixture. With a pastry
  blender or two knives used scissors fashion, cut in the butter until
  the mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  In a small bowl, stir together
  the cream, egg, and vanilla. Add the cream mixture to the flour
  mixture and knead until combined. Knead in the white chocolate,
  walnuts, and apricots.
  
  With lightly floured hands, pat the dough out on a floured work
  surface to a thickness of 5/8 inch.  Cut circles in the dough with a
  biscuit cutter. Gather the scraps of dough together and repeat till
  all the dough is used. Bake scones on ungreased baking sheet for 15
  to 20 minutes, or until lightly browned on top.  Place baking sheet
  on wire rack for 5 minutes, then transfer scones to wire rack to
  cool. Serve warm or cool completely and store in an airtight
  container.  Makes 8 or 9 scones.
  
  * (Sue speaking) You can use those "Nestles Treasures" white chocolate
  chips, but before they came out with those, I used to use a Nestle
  Alpine White With Almonds bar, smashed into pieces. I would then omit
  the walnuts and substitute half the vanilla extract with almond
  extract for a delicious variation.
  
  ** To toast walnuts, place the walnuts in a single layer on a baking
  sheet and bake at 375 degrees for 5 to 7 minutes, shaking the sheet a
  couple of times, until the nuts are fragrant.
  
  Source:  _Simply Scones_ by Leslie Weiner and Barbara Albright
  
  ** -=> this comes from the bottom of the files of Shelley Rodgers <=-
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT WHOLE WHEAT CREPES
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Low fat milk
    3/4 c  Whole wheat flour
      3    Eggs
      2 tb Butter or margarine
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
           Oil
  1 1/2 c  Orange juice
      2 tb Cornstarch
    1/2 c  Seedless raisins
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
      1 cn (16 oz) apricot halves,
           Drained
           Vanilla yogurt
 
  Combine milk,flour,eggs,butter and cinnamon in a blender or food
  processor.Process until smooth.Cover and refrigerate at least one
  hour or until mixture is consistency of heavy cream. Lightly brush
  bottom and sides of a 7" skillet with oil.Heat skillet,briefly,over
  medium low heat.Pour in a scant 1/4 cup batter.Tip skillet to coat
  the bottom with batter.Cook crepe until top is set and the underside
  is lightly browned,about 2 to 3 minutes.Turn crepe with a metal
  spatula and cook other side about 1 minute.Slip crepe onto wax paper
  and repeat with remaining batter,stacking each crepe between wax
  paper.Set aside. Combine orange juice and cornstarch in a medium
  saucepan.Heat to boiling.Boil mixture 1 minute,stirring
  constantly,until it is thick and clear.Stir in raisins and
  walnuts.Remove from heat and stir in apricots.Spoon small amount of
  hot filling down center of each crepe.Fold crepe over filling.Garnish
  with a dollop of vanilla yogurt.Makes 12.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT WINE
 Categories: Penndutch, Beverages, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Apricot, dried
      4 qt Water, warm
  6 1/2 c  Sugar
  2 1/4 c  Brown sugar
  1 1/2 c  Raisins
      1 tb Ginger
      2 ea Lemon, thinly sliced
      2 ea Orange, thinly sliced
    1/2 c  Yeast
 
  Wash the apricots in several waters and then dry them and cut in
  halves. Place in a large crock and pour on the warm water, reserving
  1/2 cup of it in which to dissolve the yeast cake. Stir in the
  sugars, fruit, raisins and ginger. Then add the dissolved yeast and
  mix well. Cover with top of the crock and let stand for thirty days,
  stirring the mixture every other day. After thirty days strain the
  mixture and bottle. Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book - Fine Old
  Recipes, Culinary Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-AND-BREAD PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts, Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ds Ground cinnamon
      2    Eggs
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 lb Apricots*
    1/2 c  Stale bread crumbs,w/o crust
      1 c  Milk
    1/3 c  Sugar
    1/8 ts Salt
 
  *Note: Apricots should be pitted and quartered. Melt 3 tbs. butter in
  saucepan over medium heat. Add and cook apricots, tossing
  occasionally, until tender and translucent. Remove apricots. Add
  remaining butter to saucepan and cook bread crumbs over very low
  heat, stirring regularly, until uniformly golden and crisp. Spread
  crumbs in bottom of lightly buttered gratin dish. Arrange apricots on
  bed of crumbs and sprinkle lightly with cinnamon. Whisk together
  milk, eggs, sugar and salt in bowl. Pour liquid slowly over apricots.
  Bake at 325 degrees l/2 hour. Makes 4 servings and for those of you
  interested, each serving contains 444 calories, 476 mg. sodium, l74
  mg. cholesterol, 28 grams fat, 43 grams carbohydrates, 9 grams
  protein, 0.72 gram fiber. From the LA Times, shared by Punky
  Frischknecht Prodigy ID# SMCD91F.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-CARDAMOM BARS
 Categories: Desserts, Cookies, Low-fat
      Yield: 24 Bars
 
      1 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Brown sugar, packed
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Ground cardamom; OR...
    1/8 ts -Ground cloves
    1/2 c  Apricot nectar
           -OR- Orange juice
    1/4 c  Unsweetened applesauce
      2 tb Cooking oil
      1    Egg; slightly beaten
    1/2 c  Dried apricots
           -(finely snipped)

MMMMM-----------------------APRICOT ICING----------------------------
    1/2 c  Powdered sugar
      3 ts Apricot nectar
           -OR- Orange juice
 
  In a medium mixing bowl stir together flour, brown sugar, baking
  powder, baking soda, and cardamom or cloves; set aside. Stir together
  apricot nectar or orange juice, applesauce, oil, and egg till
  combined. Add to dry ingredients, stirring till just combined. Stir
  in the snipped apricots. Spread batter in an ungreased 11 x 7 x
  1-1/2-inch baking pan. Bake in a 350 F oven about 25 minutes or till
  a wooden pick inserted near the center comes out clean. Cool in pan
  on a wire rack. Drizzle with Apricot Icing. Cut into bars. Apricot
  Icing: In a small mixing bowl, stir together 2 to 3 teaspoons apricot
  nectar or orange juice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-CARDAMON BARS & APRICOT ICING
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Jams
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------------COOKIE BAR------------------------------
      1 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Packed brown sugar
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/4 ts Ground cardamom
           Or 1/8 tsp. ground cloves
    1/2 c  Apricot nectar or orange
           Juice
    1/4 c  Unsweetened applesauce
      2 tb Cooking oil
      1    Slightly beaten egg
    1/2 c  Finely snipped dried apricos
      1    Recipe Apricot Icing

MMMMM-----------------------APRICOT ICING----------------------------
    1/2 c  Powdered sugar
      2    To three teaspoons apricot
           Nectar or orange juice
 
  In a medium mixing bowl stir together flour, brown sugar, baking
  powder, baking soda, and cardamom or cloves; set aside. Stir together
  apricot nectar or orange juice, applesauce, oil, and egg till
  combined. Sit in the snipped apricots.
  
  Spread batter in an ungreased 11x7x1-1/2-inch baking pan. Bake in a
  350-degree oven about 25 minutes or till a wooden pick inserted near
  the center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Drizzle with
  Apricot Icing.  Cut into bars.  Makes 24 bars.
  
  APRICOT ICING: In a small mixing bowl stir together 1/2 cup powdered
  sugar and 2 to 3 teaspoons apricot nectar or orange juice.
  
  NUTRITION FACTS PER SERVING: 67 cal., 1 g total fat (0 g sat. fat), 9
  mg chol., 17 mg sodium, 13 g carbo., 0 g fiber, 1 g pro. Daily Value:
  3% vit. A, 3% vit. C, 0% calcium, 3% iron.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-CARROT MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins, Fruits, Kooknet, Cyberealm
      Yield: 12 Muffins
 
      1 c  All-Purpose Flour
    1/2 c  Whole Wheat Flour
      1 tb Baking Powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
    3/4 c  Milk
      3 tb Avocado Oil
      1 c  Carrots, coarsley grated
    3/4 c  Dried Apricots, chopped or
    3/4 c  Whole Raisins
    1/2 c  Walnuts, coarsley chopped
 
  In a large bowl mix flour, baking powder and salt. In another bowl
  whisk sugar and eggs. Whisk in milk and oil. Mix in carrots,
  apricots, and nuts. Add to flour mixture. Mix until just blended.
  Spoon into 12 2 3/4" muffin tin cups greased with additional avocado
  oil. Bake in a 375o oven for about 20 minutes, until just springy to
  the touch. Serve warm.
  
  Source: Calavo Submitted By COOK4U@VIVANET.COM On SAT, 23 SEP 1995
  080223 -0400 (EDT)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-CARROT SALAD WITH GRAPEFRUIT MINT
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Lime juice
      2 tb Red wine vinegar
      2 ts Ground cumin
      1 ts Sugar
           Salt & white pepper to taste
    1/3 c  Peanut oil
      1 tb Grated ginger
      2 sm Cloves garlic, minced
      2 tb Grapefruit mint, chopped
      1 lb Carrots
    1/2 c  Dried apricots, slivered
      4 lg Romaine lettuce leaves
 
  Make the dressing: In a small mixing bowl add 2 tablespoons lime
  juice to red wine vinegar. Add ground cumin, sugar, salt and white
  pepper to taste. With a whisk, stir in the peanut oil to form an
  emulsion, then blend in ginger, garlic and mint. Allow the mixture to
  sit for one-half hour before using for the flavors to blend.
  
  Peel carrots, then shred with a grater or the appropriate attachment
  in a food processor. Place carrots in a large mixing bowl and add
  apricots. Add dressing, tossing salad until well coated. Spon salad
  onto large chilled romaine lettuce leaves, and serve.
  
  Source:  Shepherd's Garden Seeds pamphlet.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-CHEESE PASTRIES
 Categories: Cheese, Pies & past
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
  2 1/2 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 c  Unsalted Butter
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 tb Milk
      8 oz Cream Cheese -- softened
           Apricot Jam
 
  Mix flour and salt.  Cut in butter.  Cream sugar, vanilla, milk and
  cream cheese.  Add flour mixture. Chill. Roll out 1/8 inch thick, cut
  into circles. Place 1 teaspoon jam in center, cover with another
  circle. Press edges together with a fork.  Place on greased cookie
  sheets and bake in a preheated 400 degree oven 10-12 minutes. Makes
  24.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-CHEESE SPREAD
 Categories: Abm, Breakfast, Low fat
      Yield: 2 Cups
 
    3/4 c  Dried apricots (3 oz)
     15 oz Part-skim ricotta cheese
 
  Place apricots in boiling water; allow to stand 10 minutes. Drain
  thoroughly.
  
  Combine drained apricots and cheese in a food processor or blender;
  blend until smooth. Store, covered, in refrigerator.
  
  Use as an alternative to butter for toast, bagels, pancakes and
  waffles. You can substituts any other dried fruit that you like. You
  may also want to add cinnamon, nutmeg or vanilla to taste.
  
  You can also make a savory spread by using sun-dried tomatoes.
  
  Per (1 T) serving: 27 cal, 1g fat, 4mg chol, 17mg sodium
  
  Source: Jean Jones syndicated article. Printed in The Milwaukee
  Journal March 17,1994.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-CONFECTION SQUARES
 Categories: Cyberealm, Desserts
      Yield: 3 Dozen
 
      2 c  Uncooked,dried apricots
      4 pk Unflavored Gelatine
      2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Orange Juice
      2 ts Grated orange rind
 
  1. Line 8 X 8 X 2" pan with waxed paper. 2. Cook apricots as directet;
  drain; reserve 1 cup liquid. 3. Puree apricts in blender; measure 1
  cup. 4. Soften gelatine in 1/2 cup cold water. 5. In 1 quart
  saucepan, heat reminding apricot liquid. 6. Add suggar and bring to a
  boil. 7. Add sugar, bring to a boil. 8. Add gelatine, orange juice
  and rind. Boil gently for 20 min. 9. Remove from heat, add apricots.
  Mix well. 10. Pour into pan; allow to set, cut into squares;
      roll in powdered sugar.
      Out of Good Housekeeping Christmas cookbook
      typed by Brigitte Sealing
  
  MMMM
  
  =======================================================
  ============== ==== Packet: CYBERLM Date: 12-11-94 (06:47) Number: 98
  From: MICHAEL PROTHRO Refer#: NONE To: ALL Recvd: NO Subj: Holiday
  Appetizers Conf: (32) KN-TheFirstC
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-CREAM CHEESE SPREAD
 Categories: Spreads, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Chopped dried apricots
    3/4 c  Water
     16 oz Cream cheese, softened
    3/4 c  Orange marmalade
      2 tb Milk
      1 c  Chopped pecans
 
  Combine apricots & water in small saucepan.  Bring to boil; cover,
  reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes. Drain well.
  
  Beat cream cheese at medium speed with electric mixer, until it's
  smooth and fluffy. Stir in the apricots and remaining ingredients.
  
  Serve on crackers.  (Also yummy on an English muffin or bagel.)
  
  Yield:  About 3 and 1/2 cups.
  
  Recipe from Southern Living magazine's 1987 Annual Recipes book.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-DATE JAM
 Categories: Sauces, Fruits, Mcdougall
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Dried apricots
      1 c  Unsweetened pineapple juice
      1 c  Pitted dates
      1 ts Lemon juice
 
  Soak apricots in pineapple juice overnight Blenderize all ingredients
  Serve as is on toast or thin with more pineapple juice to make a
  softer spread for waffles or pancakes
  
  Makes about 3 cups **Natures Pantry Cookbook**
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-GINGER CRANBERRY SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Fruits, Side dish, Holiday
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           INGREDIENTS:
     14    Dried apricots, each cut
           -into 3 strips
    1/2 c  Cranberry juice
     12 oz Fresh (or thawed frozen)
           -cranberries
    1/2 c  Plus 1 tbsp. sugar
      1 tb Minced, pared, fresh ginger
 
  Soak  the  dried  apricots  in the cranberry  juice in a medium
  saucepan for  ten minutes.   Add the remaining ingredients and stir
  them well. Cook, stirring occasionally, over medium heat until the
  cranberries have popped and the syrup has thickened slightly - that
  should take about 5 minutes. Let the sauce cool to room temperature,
  then refrigerate it (covered) until it's *cold*.  It can be stored in
  the fridgipater for up to a week. Transfer the sauce to a serving
  dish and serve while it's still cold. The colder the better, so long
  as it isn't frozen.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-GLAZED BANANA MUFFIN WW
 Categories: Breads, Fruits
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 md Banana
      1    Muffin, English, raisin
           - split, toasted
      2 ts Margarine, reduced calorie
           - melted
      2 ts Apricot spread, reduced cal
           - heated
           Cinnamon, ground
 
   This is more of an "assembly" than a recipe ...
  
   Peel banana and cut in half crosswise , cut each half in half
  lengthwise. Place muffins halves on broiling pan, top with 2 banana
  quarters, drizzle with half the margarine. Brush banana with 1/2
  teaspoon apricot spread, sprinkle with cinnamon. Broil until well
  heated.
  
   Weight Watchers Exchanges: 1 Bread, 1 Fat, 1 Fruit, 8 Optional
  Calories.
  
   Nutritional Analysis per serving: 170 calories, 3 g.
   protein, 5 g. fat, 29 g. carbohydate, 6 mg. calcium, 190 mg. sodium,
  0 mg. cholesterol.
  
   Calories from fat: 26%
  
   Original recipe from Weight Watchers "Quick Start Plus Program"
  cookbook. Conversion by Rick Weissgerber.
   [GEnie D.WEISSGERBE]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-GLAZED CHICKEN WITH PEACHES & RAISI
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2    (3 lb) Chickens
           - cut in serving pieces -OR-
      6 lb Chicken breasts
           - boned and skinned
           Salt
           Minced garlic -OR-
           - garlic powder
      1 pk Dried peaches (12 oz pkg)
    3/4 c  Golden raisins
    1/4 c  Butter, melted
      1 c  Dry white wine
    3/4 c  Apricot jam
           Parsley sprigs
 
     Season chicken with salt and garlic to taste. Place peaches and
  raisins in bottom of buttered 16x12-inch baking pan. Top with chicken
  pieces. Brush with melted butter.  Drizzle 3/4 cup wine over. Cover
  loosely with foil and bake at 325 degrees 45 minutes for chicken
  parts and 30 minutes for breasts.
     Warm apricot jam in small saucepan.  Press jam through sieve into
  bowl. Stir in remaining white wine. Uncover chicken and baste with
  apricot-wine mixture. Continue baking at 325 degrees, uncovered, 30
  minutes for chicken parts and 15 to 20 minutes for breasts, basting
  frequently, until chicken is tender and deeply glazed. Garnish with
  parsley. Makes 8 to 12 servings.
     Note: If chicken is pre-baked and refrigerated, it may be
  necessary to increase baking time at last stage of cooking. Each
  serving contains about: 574 calories; 476 mg sodium; 131 mg
  cholesterol; 23 grams fat; 49 grams carbohydrates; 41 grams protein;
  1.92 grams fiber.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-GLAZED CORNISH HENS
 Categories: Cornish hen
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Apricot preserves
           Orange zest; grated
           Juice of one orange
      4    Cornish game hens
    1/2 ts Paprika
    1/2 c  Cashew nuts
      2 tb Butter; melted
    1/2 c  Scallions; sliced
      6 oz Wild rice mix
  2 1/3 c  Chicken broth
           Spinach leaves
           Apricot roses *
 
  Combine apricot preserves, orange rind, and orange juice; set aside.
  Remove giblets from hens; reserve for other uses. Rinse hens with
  cold water, and pat dry. Close cavities, and secure with wooden
  picks; truss. Sprinkle with paprika and place on a rack in a lightly
  greased roasting pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 1-1/4 to 1-1/2 hours,
  basting frequently with about 1/2 cup apricot mixture during the last
  30 minutes.
  
  Saute cashews in butter in a large skillet until cashews are golden.
  Drain and set aside, reserving butter in skillet. Saute onions in
  same skillet until tender. Add wild rice, and prepare according to
  package directions, substituting chicken broth for water and omitting
  salt. When done, stir the cashews back into the rice. Arrange Cornish
  hens on serving platter; brush with remaining apricot mixture.
  Garnish with apricot roses and spinach leaves, if desired, and serve
  with rice.
  
  * To make apricot roses, use a rolling pin to flatten 4 or 5 dried
  apricots for each rose. Wrap apricots around each other, shaping them
  to resemble a rose; pinch stem end to make them adhere.
  
  Source: Southern Living Magazine.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-GLAZED FISH
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 oz No-soak apricots, finely
           -chopped
      2 ts Chopped Fresh Coriander
      1 oz Butter, softened
      4    6 oz thick coley or haddock
           -fillets, skinned.
           Salt and pepper
           Juice and grated rind of 1
           -lemon
           Potato-and-pepper salad
           -with french dressing to
           -serve
           Fresh mint sprigs to garnish
 
  In a bowl, mix together apricots, coriander and butter. Set aside.
  
  Season fish fillets, and place each on a 8 inch square of foil. Pour a
  little lemon juice over each fillet and sprinkle with grated lemon
  rind. Close up foil parcels and cook on hot barbecue for 3 to 4
  minutes.
  
  Unwrap parcels and spread apricot mixture over fish. Seal and cook
  for 2 to 3 minutes. Serve with salad. Garnish with mint.
  
  Source: CHAT Magazine
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-GLAZED HAM PATTIES
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Ground cooked ham
    1/2 c  Soft bread crumbs
    1/2 c  Milk
      2    Eggs
    1/4 c  Chopped onion
    1/4 c  Crumbled blue cheese
      1 tb Worcestersire sauce
      2 ts Prepared mustard
    1/4 ts Sage
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/2 c  Apricot preserves
      2 ts Vinegar
 
  Heat oven to 350 degrees.  Combine ham with bread crumbs, milk, eggs,
  onion, cheese, Worcestershire sauce, 1 teaspoon prepared mustard,
  sage and pepper.  Shape into 6 patties.  Place in shallow baking
  dish; bake 30 minutes.
  
  Combine preserves, vinegar and remaining 1 teaspoon prepared mustard.
  Brush on ham patties. Bake 10 minutes longer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-GLAZED PEARS
 Categories: Desserts, Crockpot
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 lg Ripe, firm fresh pears
      1 c  Apple juice
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 tb Butter or reduced-fat marg.
      1    Cinnamon stick
      1    12 oz. jar apricot preserves
 
  Peel pears, leaving them whole with stem intact. Place in slow
  cooker. Add apple juice, vanilla, butter and cinnamon stick. Cook on
  high for 3-4 hours.
  
  Remove pears with slotted spoon.  Place in individual dessert dishes.
  Heat apricot preserves in small saucepan until melted. Top each pear
  with preserves sauce. Serve 6 Source: Home Cooking Typed in MMFormat
  by cjhartlin@msn.com 01/02/98
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-HONEY BUTTER
 Categories: Dairy, Fruits
      Yield: 2 Cups
 
      3 c  Dried apricots (2 lbs)
      2 tb Grated lemon zest
    1/2 c  Fresh lemon juice
    1/2 c  Honey
      3 tb Finely chopped crystallized
           Ginger
 
  In a heavy saucepan, combine apricots, lemon zest, 1/4 cup lemon
  juice and 2 cups water. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and
  simmer, uncovered, for 45 minutes to 1 hour, or until the apricots
  are soft. Transfer the apricots and the cooking liquid to a food
  processor and puree until smooth. Return to the saucepan, along with
  honey and the remaining 1/4 cup lemon juice. Simmer, stirring often,
  until very thick, about 1 hour. Stir in crystallized ginger and let
  cool. (The butter can be stored, covered, in the refrigerator for up
  to 2 weeks or in the freezer for up to 6 months.) Source: Eating Well
  Magazine
  :          November/December 1992
  :          Pg.68
  
  From the collection of K. Deck
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-JALAPENO JELLY
 Categories: Desserts, Spices, Jams
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Jalapeno peppers, stems &
           -seeds removed
      1 lg Red bell pepper, stem &
           -seeds removed
      2 c  Cider vinegar
      1    And 1/2 cups dried apricots,
           -chopped
      6 c  Sugar
      3 oz Liquid pectin
      4    Drops red food color
 
  Put jalapenos, bell pepper, & vinegar in blender. Puree 'til coarsely
  ground and small chunks remain.
  
  Combine apricots, sugar, & jalapeno/pepper/vinegar mixture in large
  saucepan. Bring to a boil. Boil rapidly, 5 minutes. Remove from heat;
  skim off any foam that forms.
  
  Allow mixture to cool for 2 minutes.  Then mix in pectin (and food
  coloring if you're going to use it).
  
  Pour into sterilized jars, seal, and cool.  (I processed in a boiling
  water bath for 10 minutes.)
  
  Yield:  3 pints (I got 7 half pint containers.)
  
  From "Chile Pepper:  The Magazine of Spicy Foods" May/June 1990. Vol.
  IV, No. 3, pp. 30-31.  In "Fiery Fruits" article by Nancy Gerlach.
  
  Gerlach also wrote:  "This recipe calls for apricots but peaches,
  nectarines, and pears work equally well. Any fresh green chile can
  also be substituted, depending on your heat preference. Serranos will
  make it hotter; roasted, peeled New Mexican chiles will tame it down."
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-LEMON CREAM
 Categories: Desserts, Ice cream
      Yield: 2 Quarts
 
    1/4 oz Unflavored gelatin
    1/4 c  Water
      1 cn Apricot halves drained 29oz
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 c  Milk
      1 cn Frozen lemonade concentrate
           Partially thawed (6oz)
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 c  Whipping cream
 
  In a medium saucepan, sprinkle gelatin over water; set aside until
  softened.  Puree drained apricots in blender or food processor; set
  aside. Stir sugar into softened gelatin. Stir in pureed apricots.
  Stir over medium heat until sugar and gelatin dissolve.  Stir in
  milk, undiluted lemonade concentrate, vanilla and whipping cream.
  Cool to room temperature. Pour into ice cream canister. Freeze in ice
  cream maker according to manufacturer's directions.  Makes 2 quarts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-ORANGE BALLS
 Categories: Gift, Low-fat, Candy
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
     10 oz Dried apricots; or peaches,
           -7 oz/cup
    2/3 c  Hazelnuts; or walnuts,
           -almonds, or pecans
    2/3 c  Sugar, powdered
      2 ts Grated orange zest
      2 tb Orange juice; or rum

MMMMM--------------------------OPTIONAL-------------------------------
      3 oz Bittersweet chocolate
 
  Delicious, nutritious, and definitely quick and easy to make for
  gifts or include on party cookie plates. Takes 20 minutes to prepare
  for rolling.
  
  Toast nuts: Preheat oven to 350 F.  Spread nuts in shallow pan and
  bake 5-10 minutes.
  
  Pulse apricots and nuts in food processor just until finely chopped.
  Place mixture in bowl; stir in sugar, orange zest, and orange juice.
  Roll mixture into 1" balls and arrange close together in shallow pan.
  
  Melt chocolate in glass measuring cup in microwave on High for about 1
  minute.  Drizzle chocolate over tops of candies; or spoon chocolate in
  plastic snadwich bag, cut tiny hole in one corner, and pipe chocolate
  over candies.
  
  Variation:  Instead of chocolate, roll candies in granulated sugar.
  
  Store in airtight container in refrigerator about 1 week.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-ORANGE HAZELNUT MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 12 Muffins
 
  1 1/2 c  All-purpose white flour
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 c  Oregon hazelnut meal*
    2/3 c  Buttermilk
    1/4 c  Orange juice
      1 ts Grated orange rind
    3/4 c  Granulated sugar
      6 tb Butter or margarine
           -- room temperature
      1 lg Egg
    1/2 c  Coarsely chopped hazelnuts
           -(roasted Oregon hazelnuts)
    1/2 c  Chopped dried apricots
           -(coarsely chopped)

MMMMM------------------------ORANGE GLAZE-----------------------------
    3/4 c  Powdered sugar
  1 1/2 tb Milk
      1 ts Grated orange rind
    1/4 c  Finely chopped hazelnuts
           -(roasted Oregon hazelnuts)
 
  *(finely ground roasted hazelnuts)
  
  In a 2-quart bowl, sift together flour and baking soda. Whisk in
  Oregon hazelnut meal. Reserve. In 2-cup glass measuring cup, combine
  buttermilk, orange juice and rind. Reserve. In 4-quart bowl, with
  electric mixer, cream sugar and butter together. Add egg and beat
  until smooth. With mixer on low speed, mix in dry and liquid
  ingredients, alternately, in several additions, starting and ending
  with dry ingredients. Stir in chopped hazelnuts and apricots.
  
  Divide batter among twelve 2 1/2" muffin cups. Bake in 375 degree
  oven for 18 to 20 minutes, or until muffins are golden and spring
  back when lightly touched with fingertips. Remove from oven and cool
  in pan for at least 5 minutes. Remove from pan and cool on rack. To
  make glaze, in a small bowl, whisk powdered sugar, milk and orange
  rind until smooth. Drizzle over cooled muffins and sprinkle with
  hazelnuts.
  
  * COOKFDN brings you this recipe with permission from: * Oregon
  Hazelnut Industry and The Hazelnut Marketing Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-ORANGE TEA
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------FROM LOIS FLACK---------------------------
           A COLD-WEATHER WARMER
  2 1/2 c  Apricot nectar
      1 c  Orange juice
      1 c  Water
      1 tb Sugar
      1 ts Ground Cinnamon
      4    Lemon slices
     12    Whole cloves
      2 ts Instant tea
 
  1.  Combine apricot nectar, orange juice, water, sugar, and cinnamon
  in a medium-size sauce-pan. Insert cloves into each lemon slice; add
  to sauce-pan.
  
  2.  Heat just to boiling; reduce heat; cover. Simmer 5 minutes. Stir
  in tea.
  
  Serve hot.
  
  Source: "Family Circle Illustrated Library of Cooking"
  
  Typed for you by: Lois Flack, CYBEREALM BBS, Watertown, NY.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-PECAN LOAF
 Categories: Desserts, Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Soda
      1 ts Salt
      1    Egg
      2 tb Cooking oil
    3/4 c  Apricot nectar
      2 c  Dried apricots, chopped
    1/2 c  Pecans, chopped
 
  Apricot-Pecan Loaf
  
  Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder, soda, & salt. Add egg,
  oil, & apricot nectar & blend well. Add apricots & pecans. Put into
  greased loaf pan & bake at 325 degrees for about 1 hour. Cool & slice.
  
       10    servings.
  
  From the New Orleans Times-Picayune Cooking Contest, 1980.
  
  Gail
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-PINEAPPLE PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Dried apricots
  1 1/2 c  Water
      6 tb Sugar
      1 cn Crushed pineapple (8 oz)
  1 1/2 tb Cornstarch
           Salt
      3 tb Butter
           Pastry for 8" double pie
           -crust
 
  This filling is intense and sweet-tart, like the traditional
  apricot-pineapple jam.
  
  With knife or kitchen shears, cut each apricot into quarters. Put
  apricots in saucepan, add water, bring to boil, cover and cook over
  medium heat 10 minutes. Add sugar and cook 5 minutes more. Drain,
  reserving 3/4 cup juice. Set apricots aside.
  
  Drain crushed pineapple, reserving 1/4 cup juice. Set pineapple aside.
  
  In mixing bowl, dissolve cornstarch in reserved pineapple juice. Add
  reserved apricot juice. Put mixed juices in saucepan, add dash salt
  and cook over medium heat until mixture thickens, stirring
  continually.
  
  Mix drained apricots and pineapple thoroughly. Mix with thickened
  juices and pour into unbaked pie shell. Dot with butter. Cover with
  top crust, crimp edges and pierce with fork. Bake at 400'F. 25
  minutes. Makes 6-8 servings.
  
  Each of 6 servings contains about: 546 calories; 299 milligrams
  sodium; 16 milligrams cholesterol; 29 grams fat; 70 grams
  carbohydrates; 5 grams protein; 1.21 grams fiber.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-PINEAPPLE PIE (CORKY)
 Categories: Corky, Pie, Good
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Dried apricots
  1 1/2 c  Water
      1    (20-ounce) can crushed
           -pineapple in juice
  1 1/2 tb Cornstarch
    1/4 ts Salt
      1    Pastry for 1 (9-inch) double
           -pie crust
 
  Cut apricots into quarters. Put apricots in saucepan, add water,
  bring to boil, cover and cook over medium heat 15 minutes. Drain,
  reserving 1/2 cup juice. Set apricots aside.
  
  Drain crushed pineapple very well, reserve 1/2 cup juice. Set
  pineapple aside.
  
  Dissolve cornstarch in reserved pineapple juice. Add reserved apricot
  juice. Put mixed juices in saucepan, add salt and cook over medium
  heat until mixture thickens, stirring continually.
  
  Mix drained apricots and pineapple thoroughly. Mix with thickened
  juices and pour into unbaked pie shell. Cover with top crust. Bake at
  400 degrees 25-35 minutes and top is browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-PORK MEATBALL
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 20 Appetizers
 
           MEATBALLS
    3/4 lb Ground pork or beef
    1/3 c  Dry bread crumbs
    1/4 c  Dried apricots -- finely
           Chopped
      1 ts Soy sauce
    1/2 ts Five-spice powder
    1/4 ts Garlic powder
      1 lg Egg
           SPICY APRICOT GLAZE
    1/2 c  Apricot preserves
    1/3 c  Stir-fry or sweet-and-sour
           Sauce
    1/4 tb Five-spice powder
 
  FOR APRICOT-PORK MEATBALLS: Heat oven to 350 . Mix all ingredients
  except Spicy Apricot Glaze. Shape mixture into 20 meatballs. Place in
  ungreased rectangular pan, 13x9x2 inches. Bake uncovered about 20
  minutes or until no longer pink center; drain well. (If using
  Do-Ahead Tip, stop here).
  
  Prepare Spicy Apricot Glaze.  Serve with meatballs.
  
  FOR SPICY APRICOT GLAZE: Mix all ingredients in 1-quart saucepan.
  Heat over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until hot.
  
  DO AHEAD TIP: Place drained cooked meatballs in single layer on cookie
  sheet.  Freeze uncovered about 1 hour or until firm. Place meatballs
  in labeled airtight freezer container. Freeze no longer than two
  months.
  
  Apout 30 minutes before serving, heat oven to 400 . Place meatballs in
  single layer in ungreased rectangular pan, 13x9x2 inches. Bake
  uncovered 15 to 20 minutes or until hot. Prepare Spicy Apricot Glaze.
  Serve with meatballs.
  
  Diet Exchange:  1/2 lean meat, 1/2 fruit
  
  Recipe By     : Betty Crocker Holidays   1995 From the recipe files of
  suzy@gannett.infi.net
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-RAISIN BARS
 Categories: Cookies, Low-fat
      Yield: 24 Bars
 
MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Dried apricots, diced
    1/4 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Apples, peeled and grated
    1/2 c  Reduced-sugar apricot
           -preserves

MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 c  All-purpose flour
    1/2 c  Oat bran
      2 c  Rolled oats
      1 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 c  Brown sugar
    3/4 c  Reduced-calorie margarine,
           -melted
 
  In a medium bowl, combine all filling ingredients. Stir well.
  
  Make crust: In a large bowl, combine baking soda, flour, oat bran,
  oats, cinnamon, and brown sugar. Stir in melted margarine. Press
  slightly more than half of crust mixture in bottom of a 9- by 13-inch
  pan sprayed with vegetable cooking spray.
  
  Spread on filling. Sprinkle on remaining crust. Bake at 325 degrees
  for 20 minutes. Cut into bars.
  
  Makes 24 bars
  
  Nutritional analysis: Per 2-inch square: 151 calories, 2 grams
  protein, 27 grams carbohydrate, 4 grams fat (26 percent), 124
  milligrams sodium.
  
  FROM Karen Mangum's cookbook "Life's Simple Pleasures: Fine Vegetarian
  Cooking for Sharing and Celebration."
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-RAISIN JAM
 Categories: Apricot, Jams, Gift
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Dried apricot halves,
           -coarsely chopped
      1 c  Golden raisins
           Juice and grated rind of 1
           -lemon
      1 c  Orange juice
      2 c  Sugar
 
  I received a great little book for Christmas called "From My House To
  Yours" that has gift recipes, ideas and lots of little tid-bits. The
  following recipe is from that book. I'll include the notes the author
  wrote and will follow this message with the recipe for English Muffin
  Loaf that he makes note of. Sonya
  
  "This is delicious with toasted thin slices of English Muffin Loaf.
  Dried apricots sold in bulk are usually more flavorful than the
  prepackaged kind; natural food stores are a good source."
  
  1. Place the apricots and raisins in a bowl and add water to cover.
  Cover the bowl tightly and let it stand overnight. Drain the liquid
  into a large, heavy saucepan and chop the apricots coarsely. Add the
  apricots, raisins, lemon juice and rind, and orange juice to the pan,
  place over low heat, and bring to a simmer. Cook 20 minutes, stirring
  occasionally.
  
  2. Add the sugar and continue cooking, stirring frequently until the
  mixture of fruit is very soft and the syrup sheets when dropped from
  the side of a spoon (220 degrees on a candy thermometer), 15 to 20
  minutes. Spoon the jam into sterilized half-pint jars. Seal the jars,
  process in a boiling-water bath for 10 minutes and cool. Store in a
  cool, dark place.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-RASPBERRY JAM
 Categories: Jams, Condiments
      Yield: 7 Servings
 
      2 lb Apricots; Peeled, Pitted,
           -And Mashed
      1 pt Raspberries: (2 Cups),
           -Mashed
      6 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Lemon Juice
      1 tb Butter Or Margarine
      3 oz Liquid Fruit Pectin; 1 Pouch
 
  In a large saucepot, combine the apricots and raspberries. Stir in the
  sugar, lemon juice, and butter. Bring to a boil, over high heat,
  stirring constantly.  Add the pectin.  Bring to a rolling boil and
  boil for 1 minute, stirring constantly.  Spoon into jars prepared for
  cooked jam.
  
  YIELD:
  
        7    Eight Ounce Jars
  
  Each Tablespoon Contains:
  
  Calories:  46    Protein: 0 Grams  Fat: 0 Grams Cholesterol: 0
  Milligrams Carbohydrates:  12 Grams Sodium: 1 Milligram
  
  NOTE:
  
  This is one of the jams that can be prepared and sealed according to
  the directions in the cookbooks for storing jams sealed.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-ROAST LAMB SHOULDER
 Categories: Lamb, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Lamb shoulder, boneless
      8 oz Apricots; dried
    3/4 c  Chicken stock; hot
           Salt
           Pepper
    1/2 ts Thyme; dried
    1/2 ts Ginger; ground
      2 ts Cornstarch
 
  Use fresh or frozen lamb shoulder. If using frozen, thaw in
  refrigerator overnight. Trim off any fat from lamb and pat dry Chop
  apricots finely (scissors work well) and combine with chicken stock.
  Set aside for 20 minutes. Sprinkle lamb with salt and pepper; rub all
  over with thyme and ginger. Reserving stock, drain apricots and
  spread inside shoulder. Fold two halves togethe to enclose apricots
  and wrap tightly in large piece of greased foil. Place in roasting
  pan and roast in 300F(150C) oven for 1 1/2 hours or until lamb is
  fork tender. Carefully remove from foil and place on board; keep
  warm. Pour juices from foil into roast pan with reserved stock. (Dont
  worry if there are lots of apricot bits in the pan.) Bring to boil.
  Meanwhile dissolve cornstarch in 2 tb cold water and add to pan.
  Cook, stirring, until thickened. Slice lamb, keeping apricots more or
  less in centre. Arrange on heated platter with sauce from roast pan
  poured over top.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-SWEET POTATO TSIMMES
 Categories: Miamiherald, Side dish, Holiday, Jewish
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      4 c  Apricot nectar
      1 c  Chicken broth
      6 tb Pareve margarine
    1/2 c  Chopped dried apricots
      2 tb Brown sugar
    1/4 c  Honey
  1 1/2 ts Kosher salt
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ground pepper
      5 lb Sweet potatoes; peeled and
           -sliced 1/4" thick
      4 lg Carrots; pared and sliced
    1/4 c  Pitted prunes
 
  Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  Generously grease a 13-by-9-inch
  baking dish.  Combine nectar, broth, margarine, apricots, brown
  sugar, honey, salt, cinnamon and pepper into a large saucepan and
  heat until margarine melts.  Add sweet potatoes and carrots; bring to
  a boil. Cover, cook until potatoes begin to soften, about 15 minutes.
  Using slotted spoon, transfer potatoes and carrots to prepared dish.
  Add prunes. Pour juices from pot over, press firmly to compact. Cover
  with heavy foil. Bake 30 minutes. Uncover and bake until potatoes are
  tender and beginning to brown on top, about 55 minutes.  Let stand 15
  minutes.
  
  Nutritional info per serving: 358 cal; 5g pro, 74g carb, 6g fat
  (15%), 7.6g fiber, .1mg chol, 431mg sod Exchanges: .5 veg, 1.2 fruit,
  3.3 bread, .1 meat, 1.3 fat
  
  Source: Miami Herald, 9/14/95 format: 8/9/96, Lisa Crawford
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT-WALNUT STRUDEL COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 2 Dozen
 
MMMMM---------------------------PASTRY--------------------------------
    1/2 c  Sour cream
    1/4 c  Unsalted butter, softened
      1 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Salt

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
    2/3 c  Apricot jam
    2/3 c  Walnuts, chopped
      2 tb Raisins
      2 tb Golden raisins
 
  Make the pastry:
  
  1. With an electric mixer on medium speed, blend the sour crem and
  butter until smooth, about 2 minutes. Add the flour and salt and
  blend until the dough comes together, about 30 seconds.
  
  2. Form the dough into 2 disks, wrap in plastic and chill overnight.
  
  3. Remove the dough from the refrigerator and let soften slightly, for
  about 10 minutes. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F, with a rack in the
  middle. Lightly grease a baking sheet.
  
  4. On a lightly floured surface, roll out each disk to a circle about
  9 to 10 inches in diameter and less than 1/8 inch thick.
  
  Prepare the Filling:
  
  5. Spread 1/3 cup apricot jam over the surface of 1 disk, leaving a
  1/4 inch border around the edges. Sprinkle 1/3 cup of the walnuts, 1
  tablespoon of the raisins and 1 tablespoon of the golden raisins over
  the jam.
  
  6. Roll up the dough jelly-roll fashion, pinching the ends together.
  Carefully lift the roll with your hands and transfer to the baking
  sheet. With a sharp knife, slice the roll halfway through into about
       12    sections.
  
  7. Repeat the procedure with the remaining dough and filling.
  
  8. Bake for 40 to 45 minutes, or until golden brown. Cool on the
  baking sheet for 5 minutes. Cut the slices through; cool completely
  on the sheet. Store in an airtight container for up to 1 week or
  freeze for several months.
  
  Source: Corby Kummer's "Joy of Coffee"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOTINA (APRICOT DROPS)
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    1/2 lb Dried apricots
           Icing sugar
           A few pistachio nuts
           -- (opt'l.)
 
  Wipe apricots with a damp cloth.  Do not soak or wash them, as this
  would make them too moist.  Mince or chop them very finely. Add a few
  tablespoons confectioners' sugar to taste, and knead thoroughly by
  hand, wetting your hands from time to time to make a smooth, soft,
  slightly moist paste. Shape into marble-sized balls. Roll them in
  confectioners' sugar and let them dry overnight.  You can insert half
  a bright green pistachio nut on top to offset the rich orange of the
  apricots.
  
  A splendid variation is stuffed apricotina.  Use 1 tb. ground almonds
  or finely chopped pistachios mixed with 1 heaping tsp. sugar. Make a
  small hole in the center of each apricotina. Put in a little of the
  filling, close the hole again, and roll in confectioners' sugar.
  
  From _A Book of Middle Eastern Food_ by Claudia Roden. New York:
  Random House, Inc., 1974.  Pg. 423.  ISBN 0-394-71948-4. Typed for
  you by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOTS - HALVED OR SLICED
 Categories: Fruits, Canning
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
 
  Quantity: An average of 16 pounds is needed per canner load of 7
  quarts; an average of 10 pounds is needed per canner load of 9 pints.
  A bushel weighs 50 pounds and yields 20 to 25 quarts-an average of
  2-1/4 pounds per quart.
  
  Quality: Select firm, well-colored mature fruit of ideal quality for
  eating fresh.
  
  Procedure: (Optional--Dip fruit in boiling water for 30 to 60 seconds
  until skins loosen. Dip quickly in cold water and slip off skins).
  Wash fruit. Cut in half, remove pits and slice if desired. To prevent
  darkening, keep peeled fruit in ascorbic acid solution. Prepare and
  boil a very light, light, or medium syrup or pack apricots in water,
  apple juice, or white grape juice. Raw packs make poor quality
  apricots.
  
  Processing directions for canning apricots in a dial or weighted-gauge
  canner are given in Table 1 and Table 2.
  
  Table 1. Process Times for Apricots (Halved or Sliced) in a Dial-Gauge
  Pressure Canner.
  
  Style of Pack: Hot and Raw.  Jar Size: Pints or Quarts. Process Time:
  10 min. Canner Pressure (PSI) at Altitudes of 0 - 2,000 ft: 6 lb.
                                  2,001 - 4,000 ft: 7 lb.
                                  4,001 - 6,000 ft: 8 lb.
                                  6,001 - 8,000 ft: 9 lb.
  
  Table 2. Process Times for Apricots (Halved or Sliced) in a
  Weighted-Gauge Pressure Canner.
  
  Style of Pack: Hot and Raw.  Jar Size: Pints or Quarts. Process Time:
  10 min. Canner Pressure (PSI) at Altitudes of 0 - 1,000 ft: 5 lb.
                                    Above 1,000 ft: 10 lb.
  
  ======================================================= ===== * USDA
  Agriculture Information Bulletin No. 539 (rev. 1994) * Meal-Master
  format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOTS IN BRANDY
 Categories: Fruits, Desserts, Alcohol
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
           -Virginia Housewife, 1831
 
   "Take freshly gathered Apricots not too ripe; to Half their Weight
  of loaf Sugar, add as much Water as will cover the Fruit; boil and
  skim it: then put in the Apricots, and let them remain five or six
  Minutes; take them up without Syruup, and ;ay them on Dishes to cool;
  boil the Syrup till reduced one Half; when the Apricots are cold, put
  them in Bottles, and cover them with equal Quantities of syrup and
  French Brandy. If the Apricots be clingstone, they will require more
  scalding." Source: Mrs. Mary Randolph's Virginia Housewife, 1831
  
   Posted on Cooking Echo by Karl Lembke on 12-26-92
  
   MM by Cathy Svitek
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOTS WITH ANISETTE & FENNEL
 Categories: Preserves, Desserts, Herbs
      Yield: 2 Quarts
 
      3 lb Fresh apricots
  2 1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Anisette
      2 c  Sugar
      4    6 inch sprigs fresh green or
           Bronze fennel

MMMMM------------------------ALTERNATIVES-----------------------------
           Cinnamon basil and cinnamon
           Liqueur are an alternative.
 
  Prepare jars, lids and boiling water bath.
  
  Wash and dry the apricots, then prick each one several times. Combine
  the water, anisette and sugar in a pan and cook over a med-high heat,
  stirring frequently, until the mixture boils and the sugar is
  dissolved. Add the apricots and simmer for 3 mins.
  
  Fill each hot dry jar with the fruit and two fennel springs, leaving
  1/2 inch headspace. Pour hot liquid over the fruit until just
  covered. Wipe the rims with a clean towel and attach the lids
  securely.
  
  Place the jars in boiling water bath, and when the water returns to
  boil, process for 25 mins.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOTS WITH ANISETTE & FENNEL
 Categories: Preserves, Desserts, Herbs
      Yield: 2 Quarts
 
      3 lb Fresh apricots
  2 1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Anisette
      2 c  Sugar
      4    6 inch sprigs fresh green or
           Bronze fennel

MMMMM------------------------ALTERNATIVES-----------------------------
           Cinnamon basil and cinnamon
           Liqueur are an alternative.
 
  Prepare jars, lids and boiling water bath.
  
  Wash and dry the apricots, then prick each one several times. Combine
  the water, anisette and sugar in a pan and cook over a med-high heat,
  stirring frequently, until the mixture boils and the sugar is
  dissolved. Add the apricots and simmer for 3 mins.
  
  Fill each hot dry jar with the fruit and two fennel springs, leaving
  1/2 inch headspace. Pour hot liquid over the fruit until just
  covered. Wipe the rims with a clean towel and attach the lids
  securely.
  
  Place the jars in boiling water bath, and when the water returns to
  boil, process for 25 mins.
  
  Herb Companion Aug/Sept 95 Submitted By ANITA EASTON
  <ANITA.EASTON@VUW.AC.NZ>  On SAT, 16 SEP 1995 030428 GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT_BALSAMIC SAUCE
 Categories: Chicken, Sauces, Four star
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     12 oz Jar apricot preserves
      2 tb Balsamic vinegar
      1 tb Soy sauce
    1/4 ts Orange peel -- grated
 
  In a medium bowl mix all ingredients.  Makesabout 1
      1/4    cups. Serve with chicken.
  
  Recipe By     : Good Housekeeping
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT~ ORANGE & ALMOND JAM
 Categories: Fruits, Jams
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Dried apricots
      2 oz Split almonds
      3    Oranges
      2    Lemons
  2 1/2 lb Sugar
  2 1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
 
  Chop the apricots roughly.  Put them into a large bowl, sprinkling
  the fine grated zest of the oranges and the cinnamon between layers.
  Squeeze the juice of the oranges, measure and add enough water to
  make 3 pints in all. Pour the liquids over the fruit and leave to
  soak overnight in a cool place.
  
  Slide the contents of the bowl into a preserving pan and simmer gently
  until the fruit is beautifully tender. Check the fruit occasionally
  as it cooks and crush it down into the pan with a potato masher. It
  may need 1-1/4 hours to become really soft.
  
  Warm the sugar.  Add it to the pan together with the juice of the
  lemons and the almonds.  Cook gently until the sugar is melted, then
  fast-boil until the saucer test shows that the preserve will set.
  Pot, tie down and label the preserve in the usual way. Makes enough
  to fill 5 jars.
  
  Source: Philippa Davenport in "Country Living" (British), March 1989.
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRICOT~ ORANGE & ALMOND JAM
 Categories: Canning, Fruits, Harned 1994, Jams, Nuts
      Yield: 5 Jars
 
      1 lb Dried apricots
      2 oz Split almonds
      3    Oranges
      2    Lemons
  2 1/2 lb Sugar
  2 1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
 
  Chop the apricots roughly.  Put them into a large bowl, sprinkling
  the fine grated zest of the oranges and the cinnamon between layers.
  Squeeze the juice of the oranges, measure and add enough water to
  make 3 pints in all. Pour the liquids over the fruit; leave to soak
  overnight in a cool place.
  
  Slide the contents of the bowl into a preserving pan and simmer gently
  until the fruit is beautifully tender. Check the fruit occasionally
  as it cooks and crush it down into the pan with a potato masher. It
  may need 1 1/4 hours to become really soft.
  
  Warm the sugar.  Add it to the pan together with the juice of the
  lemons and the almonds.  Cook gently until sugar is melted, then
  fast-boil until the saucer test shows that the preserve will set.
  Pot, tie down and label the preserve in the usual way.
  
  From WWiVNet.  Reposted in Home Cooking by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: APRIL VICTORIA'S LAVENDER FAERIE COOKIES
 Categories: Biscuits, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      1 tb Finely chopped lavender
           -- flowers
  1 1/2 c  Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
 
  Preheat oven to 375 F.
  
  Cream butter and sugar.  Beat in eggs and vanilla; stir in the dry
  ingredients until well blended.
  
  Drop by half-teaspoons on ungreased baking sheet. Bake 8 to 10
  minutes, and cool slightly on baking sheet before transferring to
  plates.
  
  From "Where the Wild Thyme Grows" article in "The Herb Companion."
  April/May 1993, Vol. 5, No. 4.  Pg. 57. Posted by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AQUARIUM JELL-O
 Categories: Weird, Stuff
      Yield: 1 Aquarium
 
 
        1    goldfish bowl
        -(new or well-cleaned) 4 envelopes Knox gelatin
        Blue curacao
        Purple endive, fennel leaves;
        -anything with pretty foliage
        Assorted Swedish gummy fish 1 lg package red hots OR jelly beans
        -OR other small, hard or
        -coated candy
  
  Mix gelatin according to package directions, substituting curacao for
  water in whatever ratio you prefer. Place the hard candies in the
  bowl. When gelatin is cool but not yet setting up, pour it slowly
  into the bowl and be careful not to disturb the candies or the color
  will run. Cool until half-set then add foliage and fish, placing them
  with strands of spaghetti. Refrigerate until serving time.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARABIAN COFFEE
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
  1/2 liter (about 1 pint) water 3 tablespoons coffee 3 tablespoons (or
  more) sugar 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon 1/4 teaspoon kardamom 1 teaspoon
  vanilla or vanilla sugar
  
  Mix all ingredients in a saucepan and heat until foam gathers on top.
  Do not pass through a filter. Stir it up before you serve it.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARABIAN STEW
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
  3 1/2 c  Tomato juice
     16 oz Chicken, cooked & cut up
      2 sm Raw Potatoes, diced
      1 md Eggplant, cut up
      1 lg Raw Onion, diced
      6    Celery Stalks with Greens,
           -diced
     28 oz Green Beans, drained
     12 oz Fresh or
      8 oz -canned Mushrooms, drained
      1 tb Oregano
           Garlic, to taste
           Onion Powder, to taste
           Parmesan Cheese, grated
 
  Place all ingredients in a crock pot in the order listed (except for
  the cheese) , cover and cook 8-10 hours on medium. Serve with cheese.
  Makes 20 cups.
  
  Source: "The Yankee Kitchen" 03-31-93 (#6) [Joan]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARACINE WITH SARDINES & SAFFRON
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        2 TB olive oil -- plus 2
  :          tablespoons
        1    red onion, chopped -- into
      1/8    -inch dice
        1 pn saffron
        2 c  Arborio rice
        3 c  chicken stock
        1 c  grated Pecorino
        2    eggs plus -- 2 eggs
  :          separated
        1 c  basic tomato sauce
        8 oz salted sardines, rinsed,
  :          heads removed -- and roughly
  :          ch
        2    sprigs mint
      1/4 c  flour for dusting
      1/2 c  bread crumbs for coating
  :          Olive oil for frying
  
  FOR RICE: In a 4 to 6-quart saucepan, heat 2 tablespoons olive oil
  until just smoking. Add half the chopped red onion and saffron and
  cook until softened, about 7 to 9 minutes. Add rice and chicken stock
  and bring to boil, uncovered. Cook until liquid is absorbed and rice
  is tender, about 25 minutes. Spread rice out to cool on a large
  cookie sheet, about 1/4-inch to 1/2-inch thick. When rice is cool,
  mix with Pecorino, 2 eggs and 2 egg yolks and set aside
  
  FOR STUFFING: In a 10- to 12-inch saute pan, cook remaining chopped
  onion in 2 tablespoons olive oil until light golden brown, about 10
  minutes. Add tomato sauce, chopped sardines and mint and cook 5 to 7
  minutes until reduced by one third and quite thick. Set aside and
  allow to cool.
  
  TO ASSEMBLE: Place dusting flour, egg whites and bread crumbs in
  separate shallow bowls and lightly beat egg whites. To form aracine,
  place 3 tablespoons rice mixture in palm of hand and make an
  indentation with the back of a spoon. Spoon 2 tablespoons sardine
  mixture into indentation and form an open bowl out of the rice in
  your hand. Cover filled portion with another tablespoon of rice
  mixture and using both hands, shape the rice into a ball. Continue
  with remaining rice mixture and stuffing until done.
  
  Roll each ball in flour, then egg whites, then bread crumbs and
  refrigerate 1 hour, uncovered.
  
  Heat 4 inches of cooking oil in fryer or deep frying pan to 375
  degrees. Carefully place 3 balls at a time into pan and fry until
  golden brown, about 3 to 4 minutes, stirring with tongs or kitchen
  spoon to keep them moving. Drained cooked balls on paper towels and
  place on large platter and serve either warm or at room temperature.
  
  Yield: 4 servings
  
  Recipe By     :MOLTO MARIO SHOW #MB5688
  
                                        Date: Fri, 1 Nov 1996 22:32:48
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARAKAS LATHEROS     (PEAS LATHEROS)
 Categories: Vegetables, Greek
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      5 lb Fresh peas
      4 ea Scallions
  1 1/4 c  Oil OR
      1 c  Butter
  1 1/2 lb Tomatoes, peeled,strained OR
      1 tb Tomato paste diluted with:
      2 c  Water
      3 tb Dill, chopped
           Salt & pepper to taste
           Water as needed
 
     Shell, wash and drain peas.  Chop white part of the callions into
  small pcs., and the green part into lge. pcs. Heat oil in large pot.
  Add the scallions and cook until soft but not browned. Add the peas
  and brown very lightly.  Add the tomatoes (or the diluted paste),
  dill, salt, and pepper. Add enough water to half cover the peas.
  Cover the pot. Cook over medium heat until only the oil remains and
  the liquid has been absorbed (abt. 45 min.).
  
     NOTE:   You can make this without the tomatoes, if you wish. In
  that case, add just enough water to cover the peas.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARAME RICE PATTIES
 Categories: Vegetarian, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Brown rice; cooked
           Egg replacer for 1 egg
  1 1/2 c  Whole grain bread crumbs
    1/3 c  Onion; finely chopped
    1/3 c  Arame; soaked
      2 tb Natto or other type of miso
      1 ts Thyme
      2 tb Tahini
 
   Place all the ingredients in a large bowl. Mix well, using your
  hands if necessary.
  
   Shape the mixture into 6 small patties, using your hands to firmly
  press the mixture together.
  
   Heat a small amount of oil in a  skillet. Place the patties in the
  skillet and cook over medium heat until they are brown on the bottom.
  Turnthe patties over and brown them on the other side.
  
   Serve these patties with soup, in place of bread, or with a bean or
  tofu dish.
  
   From DEEANNE's recipe files
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARAME-STUFFED MUSHROOM CAPS
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  EDEN Arame
           -- rinsed and soaked
     18 lg Fresh mushrooms
      1 ts EDEN Sesame Oil
      1 md Onion
    1/4 c  EDEN Mirin
      1    Lemon, juiced
      2 tb EDEN Shoyu or Tamari
      1 ts Ginger juice
           - (grate ginger and
           - squeeze out juice)
           Fresh parsley, minced

MMMMM-------------------------TO GARNISH------------------------------
           Red pepper or lemon slice
 
  Soak Arame for 10 minutes. Rinse well and drain. Rinse mushrooms and
  remove stems. Place in baking dish. Dice stems and set aside. Place
  Arame with soaking water in small sauce pan. If necessary add more
  water to cover. Bring to boil and simmer for 15 minutes. Drain.
  Squeeze out liquid from Arame and mince. Heat oil in small pan and
  saute onion and mushroom stems for 3-5 minutes. Add Arame. Combine
  Mirin, Shoyu, lemon, and ginger juice. Pour half over Arame mixture
  and simmer until liquid evaporates. Stuff mushroom caps with Arame
  mixture; pour remaining marinade over mushroom caps. Cover and bake
  at 350 F for 20-25 minutes. Garnish. Be careful not to overcook;
  mushrooms will shrink.
  
  by Mary Estelle
  
  Prep Time: 40 minutes Yield: 6 Servings
  
  Sea vegetables ran be added to soups or salads, cooked alone or with
  other vegetables, and even brewed into teas. Their versatility in the
  kitchen is as wide as the ocean. When dried, the succulence and
  qualify of sea vegetables is not as apparent as when fresh, so it is
  important to choose a brand you can trust. Eden (TM) brand sea
  vegetables are the highest quality available, harvested from clean
  Northern waters.
  
  Copyright 1995 Eden Foods, Inc. <Electronic format courtesy of: Karen
  Mintzias>
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARAN SPIOSRAI (IRISH SPICE BREAD)
 Categories: Breads, Irish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
     10 oz Flour
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Mixed spice *
    1/2 ts Ginger, ground
      4 oz Sugar, brown, light
      2 oz Citron, candied; chopped
      6 oz Raisins, plain or golden
      4 oz Butter
      6 oz Golden syrup **
      1 lg Egg; beaten
      4 tb Milk
 
  *  Equal parts of cinnamon, nutmeg and allspice.
  
  ** Lyons' Golden Syrup, carried in some fancy groceries. If you can't
     find it, use Karo light corn syrup.
  
  Sift the flour with the soda and baking powder, and the mixed spice
  and ginger:  then add the brown sugar, chopped peel and raisins: mix.
  Make a well in the center. Melt the butter with the syrup over low
  heat, then pour into the well in the mixture.  Add the beaten egg and
  milk and mix very well.  Pour into a greased 2-lb loaf pan and bake
  in a preheated oven at 325 F for 40-50 minutes, or until it tests
  done.  This bread will keep moist for several days, and actually
  improves somewhat during this period.
  
                               per Diane Duane
                               Fidonet COOKING echo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARARAT HOME KADAYIF
 Categories: Armenian, Dessert, Posted-mm
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      2 lb Kadayif dough(Shredded Filo)
  1 1/2 c  Butter, melted
      1 qt Half and half cream
      1 qt Heavy cream
    3/4 c  Cornstarch
    3/4 c  Milk
      4 c  Sugar
      3 c  Water
           Few drop fresh Lemon Juice
 
  Source: Reflections of an Armenian Kitchen
  
  Cut and fluff 1 lb of Kadayif dough in bowl with hands. Add half
  melted butter and mix until strands are evenly coated. Spread evenly
  in lightly buttered 17x13-inch baking pan.
  
  Combine half and half and heavy cream in large saucepan. Bring to
  slow boil over low heat.
  
  Combine cornstarch and milk, stirring until cornstarch is dissolved.
  Slowly add to cream mixture, stirring constantly, until mixture
  returns to slow boil. Spread hot cream filling over kadayif in pan.
  
  Cut and fluff remaining 1 lb. of kadayif in bowl. Add remaining melted
  butter and mix with hands until strands are evenly coated. Spread
  over top of cream layer, pressing down firmly to form an even
  surface. Place on lowest oven rack and bake at 450 degrees F. until
  golden brown, about 20-25 minutes. If not golden, move pan to top
  rack and bake 5 to 10 minutes longer.
  
  Meanwhile, prepare syrup. Combine sugar and water in saucepan and
  boil 5 to 10 minutes. Add lemon juice. Cool. Pour cold syrup evenly
  over kadayif as soon as it is removed from the oven. Cut into squares
  to serve.
  
  From the recipe file of suzy@gannett.infi.net
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARBORIO RICE SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ts Dijon mustard
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Red wine vinegar
      6 tb Olive oil
      1 c  Arborio rice
      8 c  Water
      1 tb Salt
    1/2 c  Swiss cheese -- diced
    1/4 c  Black olives -- diced
    1/4 c  Green olives -- diced
    1/4 c  Green peppers -- diced
 
  Whisk together first 4 ingredients and set aside. Boil rice in water
  and salt for 10-12 minutes. Drain and rinse well. Toss with dressing
  and remaining ingredients. Rest at room temperature for awhile before
  serving.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARBY'S HORSEY SAUCE
 Categories: Copycats, Sauces, Copycat
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Mayo
      3 tb Bottled horseraddish cream
           Sauce
      1 tb Sugar -- or
      2 pk Equal
 
  Mix all well. Keep refrigerated, tightly covered to use in 2 weeks.
  Do not freeze. Source: Gloria Pitzer.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARBY'S SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Copycat
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Catsup
      2 ts Water
    1/4 ts Garlic powder
    1/4 ts Onion powder
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Tabasco sauce
 
  Combine all ingredients in a small saucepan and cook over medium heat,
  stirring constantly, until the sauce begins to boil, 5 to 10 minutes.
  Remove the sauce from the heat. Cover and allow to cool. Pour into a
  covered container for storage in your refrigerator. Keeps for a month
  or two.  Makes 1 cup.
  
  Recipe By     : More Top Secret Recipes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARCADIAN 8 BEAN CHILI
 Categories: Pork, Spice mix
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
           Anne Rosensweig's
    1/4 lb Ea of the following dried
           Beans:kidney, white, pink
           Black, red, pinto,cranberry
           And navy
      1 lb Bacon
        lg Onions -- peeled/chopped
    2/3 c  Minced garlic
    1/4 c  Coriander seeds --
           Ground/toast
    1/4 c  Ground cinnamon
    1/4 c  Paprika
    1/4 c  Cayenne pepper -- or to
           Taste
    1/2 c  Ground dried Poblano chili
           Peppers
    108 oz (#10 can) Italian plum..
           Tomatoes -- with juice
     12 oz Beer
           Salt to taste
 
  In a large pot, soak the beans together overnight in water to cover.
  Drain and add fresh water to cover. Cook at a simmer for 1 1/2 hours
  or until beans are just tender. While the beans are simmering, heat a
  large skillet. Mince the bacon and cook it until it begins to crisp.
  Add the onions and garlic and cook over medium heat for 5 minutes.
  Add all the spices and the ground Poblanos and cook another 5
  minutes. Add the tomatoes with their juice and the beer. Simmer for
  half an hour. In another pan, cook the beef until the pink color
  disappears. Drain adn add it to tomatoe mixture. When the beans are
  fully cooked, drain them, reserving the liquid, and add the beans to
  the meat/tomato mixture. Salt to taste and let the mixture simmer for
  about 1 hour. If it is too dry, add some of the bean liquid.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARCADIAN EIGHT BEAN CHILI
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
    1/4 lb Each, beans: kidney, white,
           Red, pinto, navy, cranberry
    1/4 c  Paprika
    1/4 c  Pepper, cayenne,or to taste
      1 lb Bacon
    1/2 c  Peppers, grnd dried poblano
      5    Onions, lg, peeled chopped
    108 oz Tomatoes, italian plum, with
    2/3 c  Garlic, minced
     12 oz Beer
    1/4 c  Coriander seed,toasted grnd
      5 lb Beef, lean ground
    1/4 c  Cinnamon, ground
 
  In a large pot, soak the beans together overnight in water to cover.
  Drain and add fresh water to cover.
   Cook at a simmer for  1 1/2 hours or until beans are just tender.
  While the beans are simmering, heat a large skillet. Mince the bacon
  and cook it until it begins to crisp. Add the onions and garlic and
  cook over medium heat for 5 minutes.  Add all the spices and the
  ground Poblanos and cook another 5 minutes.
   Add the Tomatoes with their juice and the Beer.
   Simmer for half an hour. In another pan, cook the beef until the pink
  color disappears.  Drain and add it to tomatoe mixture. When the
  beans are fully cooked, drain them, reserving the liquid, and add the
  beans to the meat/tomato mixture.  Salt to taste and let the mixture
  simmer for about 1 hour.  If it is too dry, add some of the bean
  liquid. Bill Pfeiffer, 1982 World Champion Chili
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARCADIAN SHEPHERD'S PIE
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Ground Beef
      3 tb Butter
      1 ts Worcestershire sauce
      2    Eggs, Separated
    1/2 c  Butter
      8    Potatoes peeled, boiled mash
      2    Onions, Minced
      1 tb Tomato catsup
           Beef stock
    1/2 c  Cream
    1/8 ts Garlic powder
           Parmesan Cheese
 
  Brown beef and saute onions in butter untill golden. Mix meat with
  onions, catsup, Worcestershire, salt & pepper. Add a litter meat
  stock and cook, covered, over low heat for 15 to 20 minutes. Beat egg
  yolks untill light, whites untill stiff.  Beat yolks, cream, butter,
  and garlic powder into mashed potatoes. Gently fold in beaten egg
  whites. Put meat mixture into casserole and top with potatoes.
  Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and bake at 350F. untill puffed and
  browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARDISHAWKI MAHSHI (STUFFED ARTICHOKES)
 Categories: Appetizers, Meats, Vegetables, Middle east
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
     10 lg Artichokes
  1 1/2 c  Minced meat
    1/4 c  Pine nuts
      1 ts Flour
      2 ts Lemon juice
      2 ts Butter
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Black pepper; ground
           Water
 
  Cut off stems of artichokes close to heads. Remove tough outside
  leaves. Separate leaves and push apart slightly to form a cup. Pull
  out the choke from the center. Rub each artichoke well with a cut
  lemon and place in a bowl sprinkled with several tablespoons of flour
  until ready to cook them.
  
  Heat one cup samneh or other cooking fat well. Fry onions until
  yellow. Add meat, pine nuts, salt and pepper. Fry until meat is well
  cooked. Boil artichokes until tender. (Fifteen minutes under
  pressure.) Arrange them in a shallow pyrex dish. Stuff each with the
  meat mixture. Sprinkle with salt, pepper and lemon juice, and dot
  with butter. Mix flour with half a cup of water and pour into bottom
  of cooking dish. Bake in moderate oven until meat is well cooked.
  Simmer on top of stove if sauce seems excessive. Serve hot with rice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARDSHANE HOUSE IRISH STEW
 Categories: Irish, Main dish, Meats, Mom's best
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 lb Middle neck of lamb, cut in
           One inch chunks
      4 lb Potatoes, peeled
     10 sm Onions, sliced
      2 oz Pearl barley
      2 pt Beef stock
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
  "That's the basic recipe. You can add a load of sliced carrots and
  leeks to make it go further and about 5-6 tsps. of Worchestershire
  sauce or regular brown sauce wot you Yanks pour over everything!! If
  you like, you could add a half a pint of Guinness to your stock. I
  make my stock from the potato peelings, carrot tops, leek ends, and
  any other stuff I find lurking in the refrigerator. If you chuck in a
  few moldy lamb bones and boil/simmer for several hours, you should
  get a damned good stock (strain the liquid or you'll get God knows
  what stuck in your teeth!!) You'll need to start with about 5 pints
  of liquid. Then bung everything into a ginormous pan, bring to the
  boil, and then simmer for about two hours...should taste bloody
  orgasmic! Salt and pepper to taste, depending on your level of
  drunkeness!!"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AREPAS FRITAS DE QUESO O CHICHARRON
 Categories: Breads, Columbian, Venezuelan, Cheese, Pork
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
      1    Basic arepa dough recipe
      1 c  Grated Muenster cheese; OR
      1 c  Ground chicharrones
 
  Fried Corn Cakes From Antioquia With Cheese Or Pork Rind
  
  Knead dough with cheese or chicharrones until smooth. Shape into
  4-inch discs and deep-fry in hot oil until crispy. Drain on paper
  towels and serve hot. These arepas can also be cooked on a griddle
  and served with butter.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AREPAS JENESANENCES (CORNBREAD JENESANEN STYL
 Categories: Breads, Columbian, Venezuelan, Cheese
      Yield: 1 Serving
 
      1    Basic arepa dough recipe
      2    Egg yolks
      4 tb Butter; softened
      1 c  Muenster; grated
           Butter; softened
 
  Knead dough with egg yolks, butter and cheese until smooth. Shape to
  4-inch discs and cook on a lightly greased griddle until crusty on
  both sides. Serve hot, spread with butter. If desired, 1 tablespoon
  of grated cheese can be sandwiched between 2 very thin rounds of
  dough before cooking.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AREPAS RELLENAS CON GUISO DE CARNE
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1    Recipe basic arepa dough
      2 tb Oil
    1/2 lb Ground beef
    1/2 lb Ground pork
      1 md Onion -- chopped
      1    Clove garlic -- minced
      1 sm Green chile -- chopped
      2 lg Tomatoes -- peel, seed, chop
    1/2 ts Achiote powder
    1/2 ts Ground cumin
    1/4 ts Thyme leaves
    1/4 ts Black pepper
      1 ts Salt
      8    Pimento-stuffed olives
           -sliced
      1 tb Capers
 
  Stuffed Arepas From Venezuela
  
  Heat oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat, add meat, onions,
  garlic, green chile, tomato, achiote, cumin, thyme, black pepper and
  salt, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes, or until
  tomatoes have formed a thick sauce. Stir in olives and capers.
  
  Prepare a recipe of basic arepas, shape into 3-inch discs (3/4-inch
  thick), cook. When done, split in half, fill with meat sauce and
  serve hot.
  
  NOTES : Entered into MasterCook by Garry Howard - Cambridge, MA
       garhow@hpubmaa.esr.hp.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AREPAS RELLENAS CON GUISO DE CARNE (STUFFED A
 Categories: Breads, Venezuelan, Beef, Pork, Sandwiches
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1    Basic arepa dough recipe
      2 tb Oil
    1/2 lb Ground beef
    1/2 lb Ground pork
      1 md Onion; chopped
      1    Garlic clove; minced
      1 sm Green chile; chopped
      2 lg Tomato; peel, seed, chop
    1/2 ts Achiote powder
    1/2 ts Ground cumin
    1/4 ts Thyme leaves
    1/4 ts Black pepper
      1 ts Salt
      8    Olive, pimento-stuffed;
           -sliced
      1 tb Capers
 
  Heat oil in a heavy skillet over medium heat, add meat, onions,
  garlic, green chile, tomato, achiote, cumin, thyme, black pepper and
  salt, and cook, stirring occasionally, for 20 minutes, or until
  tomatoes have formed a thick sauce. Stir in olives and capers.
  
  Prepare a recipe of basic arepas, shape into 3-inch discs (3/4-inch
  thick), cook. When done, split in half, fill with meat sauce and
  serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARGENTINE CORN CHICKEN
 Categories: Diabetic, Poultry, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Broilier-fryer chicken;
           -(about 2 1/2 lbs) cut-up
           Pepper to taste;
      1 tb Virgin olive oil;
      2 cl Garlic; minced
      2    Tomatoes;
      1    Bay leaf;
    1/4 ts Leaf marjoram;
      1 c  Frozen whole-kernel corn;
           -thawed
 
  Renove skin from chicken.  Season with salt and pepper. In a large
  non-stick pan skillet, heat oil and cook chicken until tender,
  turning. 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from skillet and keep warn. Saute
  onion and garlic in skillet.  Add tomatoes, bay leaf and narhiran;
  simmer 10 minutes. Add corn and chicken; heat through, mix well with
  the sauce. Serve this dish with "Bell Pepper Salad" (also in this
  file)
  
  Food Exchange per serving: 3 LOW/FAT MEAT EXCHANGES + 1 STARCH/BREAD
  EXCHANGE + 1 VEGETABLE EXCHANGE  CAL: 246; CHO: 75mg; CAR: 18g; PRO:
  27g SOD: 138mg; FAT: 10g;
  
  Souce: Light & Easy Diabetes Cuisine by Betty Marks Brought to you and
  yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARGENTINE MARINADE
 Categories: Argentina, Condiments, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 ts Saffron threads
    1/2 c  Virgin olive oil (1 20ml)
    1/2 c  White wine vinegar (1 20 ml)
      1    Spanish onion, diced
      2    Garlic cloves, pressed
    1/4 c  Parsley, chopped
      1 ts Thyme
      1 tb Lemon juice
           Salt & pepper
 
  An Argentine asado or barbecue is not authentic without this delicious
  marinade called chimichuri. it is similar to a multi spiced
  vinaigrette and is given an earthier tone with the addition of
  saffron.
  
  I serve this with poultry or shellfish and brush it on top of garlic
  bread before toasting.
  
  Powder threads and steep in lemon juice for 20 minutes. Combine all
  ingredients with whisk and store in covered jar.
  
  From "Wild About Saffron++A Contemporary Guide to an Ancient Spice",
  by Ellen Szita.  Published by Saffron Rose, 28 John Glenn Circle,
  Daly City, Ca., 94105. 1987.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; March 30 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARGENTINIAN CHIMICHURRI-STYLE MARINADE
 Categories: Marinades, Bar-b-q
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------FOR BEEF AND POULTRY-------------------------
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Malt vinegar
    1/4 c  Water
      2 tb Fresh parsley; chopped
      3    Large garlic cloves; minced
      1 ts Cayenne pepper
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Fresh oregano leaves; chpd.
    1/2 ts Freshly ground pepper
 
  Combine all ingredients in a glass jar with tight fitting lid. Let
  stand at room temperature for 24 hours. Makes about 1-1/3 cups
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARGENTINIAN STEW IN A PUMPKIN SHELL
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Beef stew meat,
           - cut in 1 1/2-in. cubes
      1 lg Onion; chopped
      2    Garlic cloves; minced
      3 tb Oil
      2 lg Tomatoes; chopped
      1 lg Green bell pepper; chopped
           Salt, pepper
      1 ts Sugar
      1 c  Dried apricots
      3    White potatoes,
           -  peeled and diced
      3    Sweet potatoes,
           -  peeled and diced
      2 c  Beef broth
      1 md Pumpkin
           Butter or margarine; melted
    1/4 c  Dry sherry
      1 cn Whole kernel corn (1 lb),
           - drained
 
  Trim any excess fat from beef and cook with onion and garlic in oil
  until meat is browned. Add tomatoes, green pepper, 1 tablespoon salt,
  1/2 teaspoon pepper, sugar, apricots, white potatoes, sweet potatoes
  and broth. Cover and simmer 1 hour. Meanwhile, cut top off pumpkin
  and discard. Scoop out seeds and stringy membrane. Brush inside of
  pumpkin with butter and sprinkle lightly with salt and pepper. Stir
  sherry and corn into stew and spoon into pumpkin shell. Place shell
  in shallow pan and bake at 325F 1 hour, or until pumpkin meat is
  tender. Place pumpkin in large bowl and ladle out stew, scooping out
  some of pumpkin with each stew serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARI'S BREAD MACHINE NOTES & BASIC BREAD RECIP
 Categories: Digest, Feb95
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Text Reference
 
  Here are my favorite tips and basic bread recipe:
  
  1.  Don't by those tiny packets of active-dry yeast. Get it in bulk
  in a health-food store.  They charge at least 10x more for those tiny
  packets -- you're paying almost entirely for the packaging. (Store
  yeast in the fridge.)  1 packet = 1 TB.
  
  2. Wheat gluten is very useful in helping the dough rise. I add
  around 1 TB per cup of non-bread flour ingredients.
  
  3. Oil is NOT necessary and actually detracts from the taste. All you
  really need for good bread is flour, salt, yeast, and water.
  Everything else is optional.
  
  4. The best breads are simply a mix of flours (whole wheat, rye, oats,
  corn, buckwheat, rice, or whatever you like). Remember thought that
  wheat flours are necessary for the gluten content, unless you add
  gluten separately.  Adding fruits and herbs and flavored liquids are
  interesting but I prefer "pure" breads. I prefer graham flour over
  regular whole wheat.
  
  5.  Each machine is different and my recipes are usually not exact --
  if the dough looks sticky and isn't forming a ball then it's too wet:
  add more flour; if it looks dry (ball doesn't have a relatively
  smooth surface, for example) add more liquid a tablespoon or two at a
  time.
  
  OK, so with all that idealism taken care of here's my basic bread
  recipe:
  
  1 TB  active dry yeast
    1 1/2    cup bread flour 1 1/2 cup graham (whole wheat) flour 1/2
  cup rye flour (use the coarse grind, preferably) 2 TB wheat gluten
  (sometime called vital wheat gluten)
        1    tsp salt 1 TB honey
    1 2/3    cup water
  
  Add ingredients in order suggested by your bread machine manual.
  
  This is intended for a 3 cup bread maker, if your machine is smaller
  just scale it accordingly. Similarly, your bread maker may suggest
  using less than 1 TB yeast.
  
  For a particularly festive bread try adding 1 TB basil 1 TB tarragon
  1 tsp rosemary chopped garlic...
  
  Posted by Ari Kornfeld <ari@perspective.com> to the Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 15 Issue 23] Feb. 23, 1995.
  
  Individual recipes copyrighted by originator. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1995. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  SueSmith9@aol.com using MMCONV. Archived through kindness of Karen
  Mintzias, km@salata.com.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARIEL'S PEPPERCORN STEAK (OR STEAK AU POIVRE)
 Categories: Main dish, Meats
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 x  8 to 12 oz New York Sirloin
    1/4 c  Olive Oil
    1/4 c  Teriyaki Sauce
      2 tb Worcestershire Sauce
           Coarsely Crushed Peppercorns
           Red Wine
           Cream
           Cognac
 
  1) Combine olive oil, teriyaki and worcestershire sauces to form a
  marinade
     for the meat. Or, you may use a marinade recipe of your choice.
  Marinade
     the steak at least a few hours, or overnight in the fridge turning
  the
     meat occasionally. 2) Crush enough peppercorns to cover the steak
  on both sides. Put the
     crushed peppercorns on a cutting board and press the steak onto the
     peppercorns to coat. Do the same for both sides of the steak. 3)
  Heat a heavy skillet (preferably cast iron with grill lines) and plop
  the
     steak into it. Depending on the meat and the marinade, you may
  have to add
     a bit of oil. 4) Cook both sides evenly until the meat is medium
  rare, or to your
     liking. 5) Put the meat on a heated plate. Keep the liquid in the
  skillet and add
     some wine to deglaze the skillet. (ie collect all the remains into
  a
     sauce). Cook (fairly high heat) until the sauce thickens, stirring
     occasionally. 6) For more sauce, or Steak au Poivre la Creme, add
  cream and cook a
     little longer. Usually you need to do this to thicken the sauce.
  7) Add cognac, cook some more. Sauce should always be thick. Pour
  sauce over
     steak and optionally flambe in cognac (Steak au Poivre Flambe).
  Serve with Parisienne potatoes and carrots.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARIEL'S SPICY INDIAN POTATOES
 Categories: Cyberealm, Vegetables
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 x  Large Potatoes
           Crushed Black Peppercorns
           Dried Green Mango Powder
           (Amchoor or Umchoor)
           Oil
 
  1) Cut potatoes into shoestrings (ie thin fries).
  
  2) Pan fry in oil. Remove to serving platter.
  
  3) Sprinkle liberally with crushed black peppercorns and green mango
     powder.
  
  From the kitchen of Peggy and Bruce Travers,Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY
  315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARISTA TOSCANA WITH CARMELIZED ONIONS & MILK
 Categories: Italy, Pork/ham
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     12    Cloves garlic, -- peeled and
           Left whole
      3 lg Spanish onions, -- peeled
      3 lb Pork loin, -- with bone
      2 c  Whole milk
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
  Preheat oven to 450 degrees.
  
  Smash garlic cloves to paste and place in roasting pan large enough
  to hold pork loin. Slice the onions into 1" thick rounds and line the
  bottom of the pan over the garlic. Season the pork roast all over
  with salt and pepper and make 4 incisions along the bone 3" deep.
  Stuff two cloves of garlic into each incision and place pork roast
  into roasting pan on top of the onions and garlic. Pour 2 cups of
  milk over the roast into pan and place in oven for 65 minutes.
  
  Remove pan from oven and remove the pork roast to a warm platter.
  Place half of the cooked onions and all the drippings into a blender
  and blend about 30 seconds or until smooth and thick. Arrange the
  other half of the onions in a pile on the serving platter and carve
  pork off of bone. Slice meat into 1/2" thick slices and arrange over
  onions. Pour sauce from blender over meat and serve immediately.
  
  Yield: 4 serving
  
  Recipe By     : MOLTO MARIO SHOW# MB5656
  
  From: Meg Antczak                     Date: 05-24-96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARIZONA CHICKEN FAJITAS
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Oil
    1/2 c  Lime juice
      1 c  Tequila
    1/4 c  Tomato paste
      2    Garlic cloves
      1    Jalapeno chili
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Chili powder
    1/2 ts Cumin
  1 1/2 lb Chicken breast
     10    Flour tortillas
      3 tb Oil
      1    Bell pepper
      1    Onion
      1    Tomato
           Sour cream
 
  Mince garlic. Cut bell pepper and onion into strips. Cut tomato into
  chunks. In a glass bowl or baking dish, combine 1/2 cup oil, lime
  juice, tequila, tomato paste, garlic, jalapeno, salt, chili powder,
  and cumin. Blend well. Add chicken, cover, and marinate in
  refrigerator at least 6 hours or overnight. Preheat oven to 350F.
  Wrap tortillas in aluminum foil. Bake 15 minutes while preparing
  fajitas. Remove chicken from marinade. In a large, heavy skillet over
  medium-high heat, heat 3 Tbl oil. Add chicken and cook, stirring
  constantly, 5 to 7 minutes or until chicken is done. Add bell pepper
  and onion and cook 3 minutes more, just until vegetables are
  crisp-tender. Serve with tortillas, guacamole, sour cream, salsa, and
  cheese. Shared by Garry Howard From Hyatt Regency at Gainey Ranch
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARIZONA DESERT CHILI
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      3    Garlic cloves -- chopped
      2    Onions -- chopped
      1    Green bell peppers --
           Chopped
      3 lb Beef
      1 ts Ground cumin
      1 ts Ground oregano
      3 tb Chili powder
     10    Tomatoes -- peeled and
           Chopped
      2    Jalapeno peppers --
           Optional
      1 cn Beer
 
  * Have beef chopped, not ground.
  
  1. Heat oil in a large heavy skillet. Add garlic, onions and green
  pepper. Saute until soft, about 5-7 minutes. 2. Add beef and lightly
  brown on all surfaces. Drain off some of the fat if a lot has
  accumulated. Lean beef trimmed of all fat should not have an excess
  amount, however. 3. Add remaining ingredients and simmer for 1 hour
  or slightly longer. Put a cover on skillet during cooking time, and
  slightly tilt it so steam can escape. Check often and stir to prevent
  sticking. Skim off fat as it rises. Best if allowed to sit, tightly
  covered, for an hour after cooking is complete.
  
  Recipe By     : Jo Anne Merrill
  
  From: Debbie Barry - Innermail   Emc.Ve
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARIZONA FOREST FIRE CHILI
 Categories: Soups/stew/
      Yield: 4 Gallons
 
      1    Red beans
      1    Kidney beans
      1    Tomato crushed
      1    Tomato; diced
      2 lb Celery; sliced
      3 lb Onion; medium dice
  1 1/2 lb Green pepper; diced
     10 lb Beef; ground
      1    Green chilies; diced
      1 c  Jalpeno, canned; sliced
    1/2 c  Parsley flakes
      1 c  Chili powder
      3 tb Garlic chopped
      3 tb Oregano
      4 tb Cumin; ground
      1 tb Red pepper; ground
      1 tb Salt
      2 tb Black pepper
      1 tb White pepper
 
  Combine red beans, kidney beans, diced tomato, crushed tomato, green
  chilies, in large pot
  
  (DO NOT DRAIN CANS).  Add jalpeno, chili powder, chopped garlic,
  parsley flakes, oregano, cumin.   Brown the beef  and add to the
  beans.   Brown the onions and celery in grease from the meat then add
  them to the rest.  Add the salt, black pepper, white pepper, red
  pepper. This is a thick chili.
  
  Simmer for 2 - 4 hours.  Serve or refrigerate.  This chili will age
  well. created 3-19-1998
  
  Contributor:  Chef Keith W. Cochran
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARIZONA FOREST FIRE CHILI HOME SIZE
 Categories: Soups/stew/
      Yield: 1 1/2 gallon
 
      2    Red beans
      2    Kidney beans
      2    Tomato crushed
      2    Tomato; diced
  1 1/2 c  Celery; sliced
      2 c  Onion; medium dice
      1 c  Green pepper; diced
  2 1/2 lb Beef; ground
    1/2 c  Green chilies; diced
    1/4 c  Jalpeno, canned; sliced
      2 tb Parsley flakes
    1/4 c  Chili powder
    3/4 tb Garlic chopped
    3/4 tb Oregano
      1 tb Cumin; ground
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Red pepper; ground
  1 1/2 ts Black pepper
      1 ts White pepper
 
  Combine red beans, kidney beans, diced tomato, crushed tomato, green
  chilies, in large pot
  
  (DO NOT DRAIN CANS).  Add jalpeno, chili powder, chopped garlic,
  parsley flakes, oregano, cumin.   Brown the beef  and add to the
  beans.   Brown the onions and celery in grease from the meat then add
  them to the rest.  Add the salt, black pepper, white pepper, red
  pepper. This is a thick chili.
  
  Simmer for 2 - 4 hours.  Serve or refrigerate.  This chili will age
  well. created 3-19-1998 Contributor: Chef Keith W. Cochran
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARIZONA PECAN CHOCOLATE RUM PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Pie
 
    1/4 ts Salt
  1 1/4 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Lard; chilled
      3    Eggs; lightly beaten
      3 tb Water
    1/4 ts Vinegar
  1 1/2 oz Unsweetened chocolate
      3 tb Butter
    3/4 c  Dark corn syrup
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
    3/4 ts Vanilla extract
      1 tb Rum
  1 1/4 c  Chopped pecans
 
  Mix the salt into the flour and cut in the lard. Measure out 1
  tablespoon of the beaten eggs into a small bowl and reserve the
  remaining eggs. Add the water and vinegar to the bowl and stir.
  Slowly add the liquid to the flour and lard, just until the mixture
  holds together to form a dough. Lightly flour a work surface and
  rolling pin and roll the dough into an 11-inch circle.  Fit it into a
  9-inch pie pan and refrigerate it if you plan to finish the pie after
  several hours, or freeze it if you are completing the recipe at this
  point. This will prevent shrinkage. Melt the chocolate and butter
  together in a heavy saucepan. Set aside and allow to cool. Stir the
  corn syrup and sugar into the reserved eggs. Add the chocolate and
  butter, vanilla, rum and the pecans. Mix well and pour into the pie
  shell. Bake in the preheated oven for 1 hour, or until set. The
  filling will rise and then fall. Remove from the oven and cool on a
  rack. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARIZONA SKILLET DINNER
 Categories: Vegetables, Pasta, Main dish, Good
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      1 md Onion diced
      1 md Green pepper diced
      2 md Garlic clove
      2 tb Chili powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cumin seed, ground
     32 oz Tomatoes, canned
     15 oz Kidney beans, canned
      8 oz Macaroni, uncooked
      2 oz Monterrey jack, shredded
     10 oz Corn, frozen
 
  Chop the onion and green pepper. Drain and rinse the canned beans.
  Cook macaroni per instructions and drain. In a large skillet heat oil
  over medium high heat. Add onion, green pepper, garlic, chili powder,
  salt and cumin; saute for about 4 minutes until vegetables are
  tender. Stir in the tomatoes (undrained) breaking them with a spoon.
  Add kidney beans and corn (already thawed); bring to a boil. Reduce
  heat to simmer and continue cooking for 15 minutes stirring
  occasionally. Toss in cooked macaroni. Sprinkle with the shredded
  cheese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARIZONA SUNSET CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Kooknet, Cyberealm, Cheesecake, Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Cheesecake
 
           (Shortbread Crust):
  1 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Finely ground pecans
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 lg Egg, separated
    1/2 c  Butter, softened
           (Cranberry Glaze Filling)
      1 cn Whole berry cranberry-
           -sauce OR 2 cups cranberry
           -orange relish
      2 tb Sugar
      1 tb Cornstarch
      1 tb Grated lemon zest
      1 tb Lemon juice
           (White Chocolate Filling):
  1 1/2 c  Fresh orange juice
           1-3 Inch x 1 inch piece-
           -of orange peel
           -(orange part only)
      4    8 oz pkgs cream cheese
    2/3 c  Sugar
      1 tb Grated orange zest
      2 tb Cranberry Liqueur (such-
           -as Crantasia Schnapps)
      8 oz White chocolate, melted
      4    Eggs
           (Candied Oranges Topping):
      4 c  Water
      2 c  Sugar
      3    Seedless oranges (unpeeled)-
           -cut into paper-thin slices
           (Garnish):
           Whipped Cream
 
  Shortbread Crust: Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F. Working on a
  large flat surface, such as a pastry board, place flour, pecans, and
  sugar in the center of the surface and mix together. Form a small
  depression or well in the center of the mound. Add the egg yolk and
  the softened butter to the well, then blend these with the dry
  mixture. Mix the ingredients thoroughly using your hands -- there is
  no substitute for warm hands. Shape the dough into a ball and wrap in
  plastic wrap. Chill for at least 10 minutes. Roll out the dough to a
  thickness of about 1/4-inch. You should have a circle of about 11
  inches in diameter. For best results, roll out your dough between 2
  sheets of waxed paper, then peel away the paper and cut the crust in
  a 9 inch circle. Place the circle inside a 9 inch springform pan.
  Prick the crust several times with a fork to keep the crust from
  puffing up during the baking. Place the springform pan in the oven
  and bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until light brown. Allow to cool.
  Using the leftover dough, line the sides of the springform pan. Press
  the dough against the sides of the pan, smoothing it so as to have a
  continuous layer of crust all the way around the sides of the pan.
  Make sure that the side crust meets the bottom crust all the way
  around. Brush the reserved egg white onto the shell, covering the
  bottom and sides. This will seal the dough and keep it from becoming
  soggy. Set aside until ready to use.
  
  Cranberry Glaze Filling: Mix the sugar and cornstarch together in a
  small saucepan. Stir in the cranberry sauce. Cook over medium heat,
  stirring constantly, until thick. Stir in the lemon zest and lemon
  juice. Set aside to cool slightly.
  
  White Chocolate Filling: Reset the oven to 350 degrees F. Boil the
  orange juice and piece of orange peel in a heavy medium saucepan
  until the juice is reduced to 3 Tbsp - about 12 minutes. Remove and
  discard the strip of orange peel and set aside the reduced orange
  juice. Using an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese, sugar, grated
  orange zest, Crantasia, and reduced orange juice until smooth. Beat
  in the melted white chocolate and then the eggs, one at a time,
  beating just until combined. Pour the cranberry glaze filling into
  the prepared crust, spreading evenly. Pour the white chocolate
  filling over the cranberry layer and bake about 50 minutes (the top
  will be dry and the sides puffed slightly - the center will not be
  set). Move cheesecake to a wire rack and cool completely to room
  temperature. Chill in the refrigerator overnight.
  
  Candied Oranges Topping: Cover a wire rack with waxed paper. Set
  aside. Combine the water and sugar in a heavy shallow wide skillet.
  Stir over medium heat until the sugar dissolves. Simmer 5 minutes
  longer. Add the orange slices 1 at a time and adjust the heat so that
  the syrup bubbles only around the edges of the pan. Cook the oranges
  for one hour. Turn over the top layer of oranges and cook until the
  oranges are translucent and the orange peels tender, about another
  one hour longer. Lift and drain each orange slice out of the syrup,
  and arrange the slices in a single layer on the prepared rack. Let
  dry 1 hour. Boil the orange-sugar syrup until thick, about 6 minutes.
  
  Loosen and remove the sides of the springform pan. Set the cheesecake
  on a serving dish. Overlap the candied orange slices around the top
  of the cheesecake. Reheat the orange syrup, if necessary, and brush
  over the orange slices. Drizzle any remainder over each serving.
  Garnish: whipped cream NOTE: You may substitute grapefruits for the
  oranges in the Candied Oranges Topping if you prefer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARJAY'S SAND SPRINGS CHILI - SOUTHERN
 Categories: Ethnic, Chili, Meats, Groundmeat, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Coarse ground beef
    1/2 lb Flank steak 1/4" cubs
    1/2 lb Reg. ground beef
     15 oz Tomato sauce
     12 oz Beer
     12 oz Tomato paste
      1 tb Yellow cornmeal
      1 tb Red wine vinegar
    1/4 c  Instant minced onion
    1/4 c  Chili powder
      1 ts Crushed red pepper
      1 ts Ground cumin
    1/4 ts Basil leaves
    1/4 ts Caraway seeds
    1/4 ts Coriander
    1/4 ts Marjoram
    1/4 ts Ground red pepper
    1/3 ts Ginger
    1/3 ts Tarragon
    1/3 ts Dill seed
    1/3 ts Paprika
    1/3 ts Ground tumeric
    1/3 ts Ground caramon
      1 ds Curry
      1 ds Dill weed
      1 ds Rosemary
      1 ds Saffron
      1 ds Thyme
      1    Bay leaf, crushed
      1    Cinnamon stick
  1 1/2 ts Minced garlic
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Orgeano leaves
      2 tb Salad oil
 
  In a large saucepan, heat oil until hot. Add beef cubes; brown on all
  sides, remove and set aside. Add ground beef, both grinds, brown ,
  stirring to crumble. Add tomato sauce, tomato paste, one cup of
  water, vinegar and all the other dry ingredients listed. (Mix the
  cornmeal, onions, all the spices in a bowl then add them after the
  meat has been cooked). Also add the browned beef cubes, stir well,
  then add the beer and stir some more until all the ingredients are
  mixed well. Simmer, covered, strring occasionally, for at least 2
  hours. This can be prepared early in the day and kept on low heat to
  let spices blend togather. Add more water if needed. Remove cinnamon
  stick before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARK SOUP
 Categories: Soups/stews
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Butter
      2    Onions (peeled and chopped)
      2    Leeks (sliced)
      2    Md turnips (cubed)
      2    Peeled potatoes (cubed)
      2    Shallots (chopped)
      2    Stalks celery (sliced)
      2    Carrots (sliced)
      2 cl Garlic (halved)
      2    Sprigs parsley
      2 cn Chicken broth
      2 c  Half-and-half
           Salt and pepper to taste
           Dill weed to taste (opt.)
 
  Saute all the vegetables in a large soup pot with the 2 tablespoons
  butter until vegetables are limp. Add chicken broth and simmer until
  turnips are tender. Cool slightly, then process a little at a time
  through a blender. Return soup to the pot and add the half-and-half.
  Re-heat gently and serve hot, garnished with a sprig of fresh dill.
  Submitted by: Mayor Kerry Groom Kirschner of Sarasota, Florida
         SOURCE: National Cooking Echo 04/18/90
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARKANSAS BBQ SAUCE (2GAL)
 Categories: Bbq sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 qt Water
  1 1/2 c  Brown sugar
  1 1/2 c  Worcestershire sauce
  1 1/2 c  Yellow mustard
      1 qt Catsup
    1/2 c  Black pepper
    1/2 c  Dried red pepper flakes
      3 qt Red wine vinegar
      1 qt White wine
  1 1/2 c  Salt
 
  Bring to boil and then simmer for about 1/2 hour. do not cook or
  store in aluminum store in glass. Makes 2 gallons.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARKANSAS BBQ SAUCE (SMALL)
 Categories: Bbq sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Water
      3 oz Brown sugar
      3 oz Worcestershire sauce
      3 oz Yellow mustard
    1/4 c  Catsup
    1/8 c  Black pepper
    1/8 c  Red pepper flakes
    3/4 qt Red wine vinegar
    1/4 qt White wine
      3 oz Salt
 
  Bring to boil and then simmer for about 1/2 hour. Do not cook or
  store in aluminum, store in glass.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARKANSAS CHEESCAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Low-cal, Pies
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Egg, seperated
    1/2 c  Skim milk
      1 pk Gelatin (envelope)
    1/8 ts Salt
      1 tb Equal (no substitute)
  1 1/2 c  Cottage cheese
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Vanilla
      6 tb Lite Coolwhip
 
  Take cottage cheese and cream in blender until very SMOOTH <this is
  the hardpart>. Set aside. Put egg yolk in top of double boiler beat
  well and add milk. Add gelatin & salt. Cook overr boiling water until
  gelatin dissolves and mixture thickens. (about 10 minutes) Remove
  from heat, add sugar substitute. Cool. Add cottage cheese, lemon
  juice and vanilla to cooled mixture. Chill, stirring occasionally,
  until mixture mounds when dropped from a spoon.  Beat egg white until
  stiff. Fold egg white and cool-whip together into mixture. Pour into
  graham crust. Or pour into pie plate and top with crumb topping.
  Crumb Topping: crush 2 graham crackers fine. Mix with pinch of
  cinnamon and nutmeg. Calories (without topping or crust): 442 (Whole
  Pie!) Calories with Keebler Graham Crust: 1402 (per serving 175 7gr
  fat)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARKANSAS CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Low-cal, Pies, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Egg, separated
    1/2 c  Skim Milk
      1 pk Gelatin (envelope)
    1/8 ts Salt
      1 tb Equal (no substitute)
  1 1/2 c  Cottage Cheese
      1 tb Lemon Juice
      1 ts Vanilla
      6 tb Lite Coolwhip
 
  Take cottage cheese and cream in blender until very SMOOTH <this is
  the hard part>. Set aside. Put egg yolk in top of double boiler beat
  well and add milk. Add gelatin & salt. Cook over boiling water until
  gelatin dissolves and mixture thickens. (about 10 minutes) Remove
  from heat, add sugar substitute. Cool. Add cottage cheese, lemon
  juice and vanilla to cooled mixture. Chill, stirring occasionally,
  until mixture mounds when dropped from a spoon.  Beat egg white until
  stiff. Fold egg white and cool-whip together into mixture. Pour into
  graham crust. Or pour into pie plate and top with crumb topping.
  Crumb Topping: crush 2 graham crackers fine. Mix with pinch of
  cinnamon and nutmeg.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARKAYAGAN ABOUR (MEATBALL SOUP)
 Categories: Soups, Armenian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Lean venison or lamb,
           Ground twice
    1/2 c  Cooked rice, ground wheat
           Or bulghour
    1/4 c  Finely chopped onion
    1/4 c  Finely chopped parsley
      2 cn Condensed chicken broth
           (10-1/2 ounces each)
      2 cn Water
    1/3 c  Lemon juice
      2    Eggs
           Salt, pepper
 
  Combine first four ingredients.  Shape into 3/4-inch balls. Heat
  broth and water to the simmering point. Add meatballs; simmer 15 to
  20 minutes. In a soup tureen, beat lemon juice and eggs until smooth.
  Gradually beat in hot broth.  Add meatballs last. Season to taste
  with salt, pepper.
  
  Adaption from recipe by George Mardikian, Omar Khayyam's Restaurant
  Campbell's Great Restaurants Cookbook, U.S.A. Electronic format
  courtesy of Karen Mintzias Submitted By KM@SALATA.COM (KAREN
  MINTZIAS) On 23 NOV 95 232235 -0800
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARM & HAMMER CHOCOLATE CHIP BANANA BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour, unsifted
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Arm & Hammer Baking Soda
      1 c  Masked ripe bananas (about
           3 small)
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
      2 x  Eggs
      1 c  Mini semi-sweet chocolate
           Chips
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
 
  Directions: Lightly greast the bottom only of a 9-1/4 by 5-1/4 by
  2-3/4 inch loaf pan. Set aside.  In large mixing bowl, combine all
  ingredients except small chocolate chips and walnuts; blend well on
  medium speed. Stir in small chocolate chips and walnuts. Bake at 350
  for 60 to 65 minutes or until wooden pick inserted in center comes
  out clean. Cool 10 minutes; remove from pan. Cool completely.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARM & HAMMER DOUBLE CHIP COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter or marg.
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Light brown sugar, packed
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      2 x  Eggs
      2 c  Flour, unsifted
      1 tb Arm & Hammer Baking Soda
  1 2/3 c  (10 oz. pkg.) Peanut Butter
           Chips
    2/3 c  Semi-sweet chocolate chips
 
  In large mixing bowl, beat butter or margarine, sugar, brown sugar and
  vanilla.  Add eggs; beat well.  Stir together flour and baking soda;
  blend into sugar mixture. Stir in peanug butter and chocolate chips.
  Drop by rounded teaspoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet. Bake at 350
  for 8 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool slightly; remove
  from cookie sheet to wire rack.  Cool completely.  Makes about 5
  dozen cookies.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMADILLO EGGS
 Categories: Appetizers, Cheese/eggs, Tex-mex
      Yield: 15 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Monterey Jack Cheese
    1/2 lb Sharp cheddar cheese
    1/2 lb Hot pork sausage*
  1 1/2 c  Bisquick mix
      1    Egg
      1 pk Pork flavor Shake 'n Bake
     20    Whole jalapeno peppers**
 
  *Jimmy Dean Sausage brand is best **Use 20-30 peppers-may use fresh,
  but success reported when using
    bottled or canned
  
  Slice peppers in half lengthwise and scrape out all the seeds (wear
  gloves).  Try to keep both halves near each other as you have to put
  them back together later. Mix bisquick, raw sausage & cheddar cheese.
   Stuff each pepper with Monterey Jack cheese and put the halves back
  together. Grab a handful of bisquick mixture and mold around pepper in
  shape of elongated egg. Use enough to cover pepper wiell. Dip
  armadillo egg in beaten egg and roll in Shake 'n Bake.  Bake on
  broiler pan (can use cookie sheet) at 350 degrees for
       25    minutes or until crisp.
  
  Posted by Sandra Stone
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMADILLO EGGS
 Categories: Appetizers, Tex-mex, Hot
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
    1/2 lb Shredded jack cheese
    1/2 lb Shredded cheddar cheese
    1/2 lb Hot sausage (like Owens or
           .Jimmy Dean)
  1 1/2 c  Bisquick
      1    Egg, beaten
      1 pk Spicy Shake N Bake
     20    -30 jalapenos
 
  The peppers can be fresh or canned, just be sure you drain well if
  canned. You can also use the round mild cherry peppers instead.
  
  Slice the peppers in half lengthwise down one side only and scrape
  out the seeds. If you accidentally cut all the way through, just try
  to keep the two halves together. Mix Bisquick, sausage and cheddar in
  a large bowl. (Use your hands, and work those muscles!)
  
  Get your assembly line ready: the peppers, the shredded jack cheese,=
  the sausage mixture, the beaten egg in a shallow bowl, the Shake N
  Bake in a shallow bowl, and a baking rack on a cookie sheet, both
  coated with cooking spray.  Stuff each pepper with shredded jack,
  then stick the halves back together, if separated. Grab a handful of
  the sausage goo and wrap around the pepper in the shape of an
  elongated egg. Dip in beaten egg= and roll in Shake N Bake to coat
  evenly. Place on baking rack. When the peppers are all ready, bake at
  350 for 25 minutes or till crisp.= NOTES: You can put the peppers
  straight on the baking sheet instead of on a rack, but they wind up
  flat on one side. Hey, they still taste just as good, though. Also,
  don't be stingy with the sausage mixture. Be sure you cover the
  entire pepper, or cheese could explode out the side while baking.
  And, a final thought: I've heard it said that you can stuff the
  peppers with cream cheese instead of shredded jack. I tried that
  ONCE, and all I can say is that it takes more manual dexterity and
  WAY more patience than I have. And I really didn't think the results
  were worth it. But whatever way you decide to go, good luck.
  
  (I tried cream cheese in both fresh and canned peppers and had good
  results -- in fact the cream cheese didn't melt and run out like the
  jack cheese did. Which reminds me -- after about 10 minutes in the
  oven the cheese begins to melt and run.  When that happens remove
  the= rack from the oven and turn the "leakers" up so that the cheese
  doesn't all run out, then return the rack to the oven for the
  duration of the cooking time. -- -- Bill.)
  
  Compuserve's Cooking Forum, 1997 Superbowl
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMAGNAC PRUNE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
     12 oz Pitted prunes
      2 c  Water
    1/4 c  Armagnac or Cognac
  1 1/2 c  Vegetable oil
  2 1/4 c  Sugar
      5 lg Eggs
      2 tb Vanilla extract
      3 c  All-purpose flour
      1 tb Baking soda
  2 1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
      1 ts Ground nutmeg
      1 ts Ground allspice
    1/2 ts Ground cardamom
    1/2 ts Ground cloves
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Buttermilk

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Unsalted butter
    1/2 c  Armagnac or Cognac
      2 tb Light corn syrup
      2 tb Fresh lemon juice
      1 ts Baking soda

MMMMM--------------------------OPTIONAL-------------------------------
           Vanilla ice cream
 
  FOR CAKE: Position rack in center of oven and preheat to 350 F.
  Butter and flour 12-cup bundt pan.  Combine prunes, water and
  Armagnac in heavy medium saucepan. Simmer until prunes are tender,
  about 15 minutes. Drain prunes, reserving 1/4 cup cooking liquid for
  glaze. Coarsely chop prunes.
  
  Beat oil, sugar, eggs and vanilla in large bowl until well blended. In
  medium bowl, mix flour, baking soda, spices and salt to blend. Mix dry
  ingredients into dry mixture. Add buttermilk, beating until batter is
  smooth.  Fold in chopped prunes.  Transfer batter to prepared pan.
  Bake cake until tester comes out clean, about 1 hour 5 minutes.
  Transfer to rack in pan.
  
  FOR GLAZE:  Combine reserved 1/4 cup prune cooking liquid, sugar,
  butter, Armagnac, corn syrup, lemon juice and baking soda in heavy
  large saucepan. Bring to boil over medium heat, stirring
  occasionally. Boil
        2    minutes.
  
  Pierce cake in several places with long toothpick or wooden skewer.
  Slowly pour 1-1/4 cups glaze over hot cake. Reserve extra glaze. Let
  glazed cake cool in pan 30 minutes. Turn cake out onto platter. Cool
  completely.
  
  Cut cake into wedges.  Serve with vanilla ice cream, passing
  additional glaze separately as sauce.
  
  Bon Appetit - April 1991 Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMANDO PALACIOS' VEGETARIAN SOFT TACOS
 Categories: Entree, Meatless, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8    Whole-wheat flour or corn
           -tortillas; (7-inch)
     15 oz Black beans; rinsed and
           -drained
           Guacamole
           Pico de Gallo
      1 c  Alfalfa sprouts
      2 oz Shredded part-skim
           -mozzarella chees; (1/2 cup)
           INGREDIENTS FOR GUACAMOLE:
  1 1/2 c  Diced peeled avacado
    1/2 c  Diced seeded tomato
    1/4 c  Finely chopped fresh
           -cilantro
    1/4 c  Finely chopped onion
      2 tb Fresh lime juice
           INGREDIENTS FOR PICO de
           -GALLO:
  1 1/2 c  Chopped seeded tomato
    1/4 c  Chopped onion
      2 tb Chopped fresh cilantro
      1 tb Finely chopped serrano
           -pepper
 
  Wrap tortillas first in damp paper towels and then in aluminum foil,
  and bake at 350 degrees for 10 minutes or until softened.
  
  Spoon about 3 tablespoons beans down the center of each tortilla. Top
  with about 1/4 cup Guacamole, 3 tablespoons Pico de Gallo, 2
  tablespoons sprouts, and 1 tablespoon cheese. Fold tortilla in half.
  Yield: 4 servings (serving size: 2 soft tacos).
  
  INSTRUCTIONS FOR GUACOMOLE: Combine all the ingredients in a bowl;
  stir gently. Serve immediatly. Yield 2 cups.
  
  INSTRUCTIONS FOR PICO de GALLO: Combine all the ingredients in a
  bowl; stir well. Yield 1-1/2 cups.
  
  Serving Ideas : Serve immediately.
  
  Nutr. Assoc. : 2883 0 0 0 0 921 0 2108 5296 383 0 0 0 5296 0 0 4888
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMCHAIR QUARTERBACK CRUNCH
 Categories: Snacks
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 qt Popped popcorn
      2 c  Mini pretzels
    1/3 c  Rasted pepitas or hulled
           Pumpkin seeds (optional)
    1/4 c  Regular or light margarine
      2 tb Grated Parmesan cheese
      1 ts Mexican seasoning
 
  Place popped popcorn, pretzels and pepitas in large bowl. Melt
  margarine in small pan.  Add Parmesan and Mexican seasoning. Drizzle
  over pop corn and toss lightly. Makes about 3 1/2 quarts.
  
  From: Danial Mannen                   Date: 24 Mar 96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN BARLEY & YOGHURT SOUP
 Categories: Soups/stews
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 c  Barley
      6 c  Chicken broth
      1 c  Onion
    1/4 ts Butter
      3 tb Fresh mint OR
      1 tb Dried mint
      2 tb Fresh parsley, minced
      1 ts Yoghurt
 
  Contributed to the echo by: Judy Haight Originally from: The New York
  Times Bread and Soup Cookbook Armenian Barley and Yoghurt Soup Salt &
  freshly ground pepper to taste Place the barley and the broth in a
  soup kettle and cook for a few minutes. Peel and chop the onion;
  saute in butter until it is golden and transparent. Add to the soup
  kettle, together with the mint, parsley, salt and pepper. Simmer the
  soup until the barley is soft. Stir in the yoghurt and continue to
  simmer for about 5 minutes. This soup can be served either hot or icy
  cold in small decorative bowls.
  
  Servings: 8
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN CRACKER BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 pk Dry yeast
  1 1/2 c  Warm water
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  All-purpose flour
      2 c  Whole wheat flour
           Toasted sesame seeds
 
  Sprinkle yeast into warm water in large bowl and stir until
  dissolved. Add salt. Combine all-purpose and whole wheat flours and
  add enough to yeast mixture to make stiff dough. Turn out on floured
  surface and knead until smooth and elastic, 8 to 10 minutes. Shape
  into ball. Place in greased bowl and turn to grease top. Cover and
  let rise until doubled in bulk, about 1 1/2 hours. Punch down and let
  rise again until doubled, about 30 minutes. Divide dough into 8
  pieces and roll each out on lightly floured surface to very thin
  circle about 9 inches in diameter. Place, one at a time, on baking
  sheet and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Bake at 400F 5 to 6 minutes, or
  until bread appears dry, lightly browned and blistered. Run palest
  side under hot broiler until lightly browned. Cool and store in dry
  place.
  
  (C) 1992 The Los Angeles Times
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN EGGPLANT CASSEROLE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Eggplant, lg
      4    Tomatoes
      1    Green pepper, diced
    1/4 c  Olive oil
    1/2    Clove garlic, finely minced
           Pepper, freshly ground
      1    Onion, med, sliced
  1 1/2 ts Salt
           Sour cream (optional sauce)
 
  Pare and dice eggplant. Heat oil in skillet, add onion, green pepper,
  and eggplant. Stir over low heat until eggplant is soft. Add
  tomatoes(may substitute canned Italian solid pear shape, drained),
  salt, and pepper. Simmer a few minutes. At this point you can add
  basil, chives, parsley, tarragon or oregano to taste. Turn into
  casserole dish and bake at 325 degrees for 40 minutes. Casserole may
  be served hot or cold, with sour cream. Mrs. Henry D. Chaplin
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN EGGPLANT DIP
 Categories: Spreads, Vegetables, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      1 md Egg plant
    1/4 c  Chopped red onion
    1/2 c  Milk
      1 tb Olive oil
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Butter
      1 tb Flour
           Salt and pepper to taste
           Freshly grated nutmeg
           -- to taste
      3 oz Parmesan cheese
 
  Preheat oven to 400 F.
  
  Prick eggplant with a fork in 10-12 places and rub with olive oil.
  Bake uncovered for about an hour, or until the pulp feels quite soft.
  Scoop out the pulp and place in a small saucepan. Add lemon juice and
  cook over medium heat until the water has evaporated - about 5
  minutes.
  
  Saute the onion in butter. Blend enough of the flour in to make a
  thick roux, then add milk slowly to form a thick sauce. Beat lightly
  into the eggplant. Season with salt, pepper and nutmeg. Add the
  Parmesan cheese and a few drops of warm milk if dip is too thick.
  
  Store overnight in the refrigerator but bring to room temperature
  before serving with crackers, bagel chips, or strips of crisped pita.
  
  From vegan.zip at Michelle Stewart's SunShine PC Board in Pembroke
  Pines, FL.  Source unknown.  Formatted by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN IN-LAW DESSERT
 Categories: Armenian, Dessert, Posted-mm
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6    Eggs, separated
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Vanilla extract
      1 tb Olive oil
           Flour -enough for soft dough
           Salt - pinch
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Shortening

MMMMM------------------------SUGAR SYRUP-----------------------------
      2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Water
    1/2 c  Lemon juice
 
  =======================================================
  ================== Source: Armenian and Selected Favorite Recipes
  =======================================================
  ================== Beat egg whites until stiff, then add yolks and
  beat well.
   Add salt, vanilla and baking powder. Add enough flour to make a soft
  dough. Let stand 1 hour covered.
  
   Divide dough into 2 balls. Roll out each ball as thin as possible.
   Cut into strips 1-inch wide.
  
   Melt 1/2 cup vegetable oil and 1/2 cup shortening in deep pan.
   When the oil and shortening is melted and hot, roll the 1-inch
  strips of dough on a fork and place in the oil and continue curling
  the strips as you go along. Cook to a slight brown color and put on
  paper towels to absorb the oil and drain.
  
   Sprinkle with powdered sugar or make sugar syrup.
   ======================================================
  ==================
  :       SUGAR SYRUP
  =======================================================
  ================== Boil all ingredients together in a heavy pan for
  30 min. and cool.
   Pour over finished dessert of dough curls.
  
   From the recipe files of suzy@gannett.infi.net
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN NUTMEG CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Firmly packed brown sugar
      2 c  Plain flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 ts Salt
    125 g  Butter
      1 c  Milk
      1    Egg, beaten
      1 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 c  Walnuts, chopped
 
  Combine sugar,and sifted flour, baking powder, and salt. Rub in butter
  until mixture resembles fine breadcrumbs.Press half the mixture into
  a well greased 20cm square pan. Dissolve baking soda in milk, add egg
  and nutmeg and pour over remaining sugar and flour mixture. Mix well,
  then spoon into pan on top of pressed in mixture.
  
  Sprinkle walnuts over. Bake in preheated oven at 350F for 1 hour.
  Allow to stand 15 minutes before turning out on to a wire rack to
  cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN POTATO SALAD
 Categories: Armenian, Salad, Mint, Posted-mm
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 md White potatoes
      1 ts Salt
      1 tb Dried mint
    1/2 lg Purple onion, sliced
    1/4 c  Salad oil
    1/4 c  Fresh lemon juice
 
   Source: Armenian and Selected Favorite Recipes
  =======================================================
  ================== Boil potatoes. Slice when cool.
   Add all the ingredients.
   Toss and chill.
  
   From the recipe files of suzy@gannett.infi.net
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN POTATO SALAD WITH RED ONIONS & GRE
 Categories: Vegetables, Salads, Ethnic
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 lb Red-skinned potatoes
      1 md Red onion, thinly sliced and
           -separated into
           Rings
      1    Green pepper, seeded and
           -finely chopped
      3 tb Minced fresh parsley
           Juice of 1/2 lemon
    1/3 c  Olive oil
 
  salt, pepper and cayenne pepper to taste
  
  Boil potatoes in their jackets until barely tender. Cool enough to
  handle, cut into generous bite-size pieces while still warm. Place
  potatoes in a large salad bowl along with onion rings and green
  pepper; mix well. Add parsley and lemon juice; carefully toss again.
  Dribble oil over the vegetables and season to taste with salt, pepper
  and cayenne pepper; toss and set aside for several hours for salad
  ingredients to mellow. If refrigerated, bring to room temperature
  before serving. (Goes well with roasted lamb, chicken or simple fish
  recipes).
  
  Serves 8 to 12.
  
  From:  CLASSIC COLD CUISINE by Karen Green, Jeremy P. Tarcher, Inc.,
  Los Angeles.  1984.  ISBN 0-87477-322-9 Posted by: Karin Brewer,
  Cooking Echo, 9/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN PUMPKIN STEW
 Categories: Stews, Low fat
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
      1/2 ts coriander seed
      1/2 ts cardamom seed
      1/2 ts ground cinnamon
        1 ts cumin seed
        1    clove
        2 TB vegetable oil
        2 lb lamb, cubed  -- cut into
        2    inch chun
        1 lg onion  -- peeled and minced
        4    cloves garlic  -- peeled and
  :          minced
        2    carrots  -- peeled and cut
  :          into
        1    celery root  -- peeled and
  :          cut into
        4 lg red ripe tomatoes  -- peeled
  :          cored and se
        1    acorn squash  -- peeled and
  :          cut into
        2 qt chicken broth  -- or beef
  :          broth
        1 lg pumpkin  -- about 5 pounds,
  :          clea
        1 c  Basmati rice  -- uncooked
      1/2 ts salt
        1 ts freshly ground black pepper
      1/4 c  coriander leaves  -- minced
      3/4 c  parsley leaves  -- minced
  
  1.  Combine coriander, cardamom, cinnamon, cumin and clove in a spice
  mill or coffee grinder.  Grind until smooth. Set aside. Head a tblsp
  of oil in large, heavy-bottom saucepan. Add the lamb in one layer.
  Sprinkle with the spice mixture.  Seer over medium heat until lightly
  browned, about 3-5 minutes.  Remove the lamb from the pan and set
  aside. 2. Add the onion and garlic to the pan.  Saute, stirring
  frequently, until translucent, about 5 minutes.  Add the carrots,
  celery root, tomatoes, and acorn squash. Add the broth.  Return lamb
  to the pan. Partly cover and gently simmer until the lamb is tender,
  about 1.5 to 2 hours. Season with salt and pepper. 3. Meanwhile,
  preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Place the pumpkin on a baking sheet.
  Brush the outside with the remaining oil. Bake until tender, about 45
  to 60 minutes.  Cook the rice according to package directions, set
  aside. 4. To assemble, place the pumpkin in a serving dish. Fill with
  the lamb stew.  Divide the rice among 4 warmed bowls. Ladle the stew
  from the pumpkin over the rice. Garnish with coriander and parsley.
  Serve immediately.  Yield: 4-6 servings.
  
  Recipe By     : NYTimes Magazine 11/15/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN RAGOUT OF LENTILS~ SQUASH~ APRICOTS
 Categories: Vegetarian, Ornish, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Butternut squash
    3/4 c  Green lentils
      1 c  Vegetable stock, plus more
           -as needed for thinning and
           -reheating
      1    Onion; chopped
      2    Garlic cloves; finely minced
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 c  Apricots, dried; cut into
 
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN RICE
 Categories: Grains
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      4 tb Butter
      1 c  Rice, uncooked
      2 oz Egg noodles, small
      2 c  Chicken stock
           Basil (optional)
 
  Melt butter in large saucepan, add egg noodles and cook until
  browned. Add rice, stir to coat with butter. Cook on medium-high heat
  for 1 minute. Add chicken stock and optional basil, and stir to mix.
  
  Reduce heat, cover and cook for 25-30 minutes until rice is done.
  Remove from heat and let stand, covered, for 5 minutes before serving.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Rice with noodles in chicken broth.  Yield:  Serves 2-3.
  
  : Difficulty:  very easy.
  : Time:  5 minutes preparation, 30 minutes cooking.
  : Precision:  Approximate measurement OK.
  
  : Andrew L.  Duane
  : Compugraphic Corp., Wilmington, Mass., USA
  : {ima,ism780c,ulowell}!cg-atla!duane
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN RICE PILAF
 Categories: Rice
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/4 lb Butter or margarine
    1/2 c  Vermicelli
      2 c  Uncooked long-grain rice
      4 c  Boiling hot chicken broth
      1 ts MSG (optional)
           Salt
 
  Melt butter in heavy pan or Dutch oven. Break vermicelli in small
  pieces, add to pan and cook until golden brown, stirring constantly.
  Add rice and stir until rice is well coated with butter. Add boiling
  broth and MSG and season to taste with salt. Cook, covered, over low
  heat until liquid is absorbed, about 25 minutes. Stir lightly with
  fork. Let stand in warm place 15 to 20 minutes before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN STEW
 Categories: Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Dried Apricots Soaked in
    1/2 c  Water for 1 Hour.
    1/2 c  Dried Garbanzo Beans Soaked
           Overnight in Water
      5 c  Water
      1 c  Lentils
      3    Onions Sliced
      2 tb Malt Syrup or Molasses
 
    1.  in a Large Pan, Bring Soaked Apricots and Their Water To a
  Boil. add Soaked, Drained Garbanzo Beans and 1 C. Water. Bring To a
  Boil and Cook for 30 Minutes.
    2.  add the Lentils, Onions and 4 C. Water To Pot. Bring To a Boil.
  Lower Heat, Cover and Cook Ubout 2 Hours until Garbanzos Are Tneder.
  add 2 t. Malt Syrup. Mix in Well. Serve Over Brown Rice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMENIAN STYLE ZUCCHINI
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Zucchini, washed and trimmed
      1 c  Ground lamb shoulder*
    1/2 c  Raw rice
      1    Small onion, chopped fine
      1 tb Chopped parsley
    1/2 c  Stewed tomatoes
           Salt
           Black pepper
 
  *Note: May use lamb patties. Peel the zucchini and cut into 3 inch
  lengths. Scoop out the centers. Soak the vegetable in cold salted
  water about one half hour. mix the lamb with the rice, onion,
  parsley, tomatoes, salt and pepper. Drain the zucchini and fill the
  hollows with the lamb mixture. Arrange in a saucepan and add water to
  the depth of one inch. The water should not reach more than halfway
  up the sides of the zucchini. Cover the pan tightly and simmer over
  low heat until the rice is>>> tender, about one hour. Check from time
  to time to see that the water has not evaporated. Source: New york
  Times Cookbook.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMORED CAR
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, Mixed drink
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Part tequila
      1    Part amaretto di saronno
 
  Mix. Serve on the rocks.
  
  Recipe by: Ray Bruman
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARMY BARBEQUED CHICKEN
 Categories: Main
      Yield: 100 Servings
 
     50 lb Chicken, cut-up
  1 1/2 qt Dry onions -- finely
           Chopped
     16 oz Butter or margarine --
           Melted
      1 qt Vinegar
      3 qt Water
      2 c  Worcestershire sauce
      3 qt Ketchup
    3/4 c  Prepared mustard
      3 c  Brown sugar
      6 tb Salt
      1 ts Black pepper
 
  Step 1: Wash chicken thoroughly under cold running water. Drain well.
  Place in containers, cover; set aside for use in Step 7.
  
  Step 2: Saute onions in 8 oz (1 cup) butter or margarine until tender.
  
  Step 3: Add vinegar, water, Worcestershire sauce, catsup, mustard,
  brown sugar, salt, and pepper to sauteed onions.
  
  Step 4: Bring to a boil, stirring constantly.
  
  Step 5: Reduce heat; simmer 10 minutes or until well blended.
  
  Step 6: Stir in remaining butter or margarine.
  
  Step 7: Pour sauce over chicken; cover; refrigerate 2 hours to
  marinade.
  
  Step 8: Drain chicken; reserve marinade for use in Step 10.
  
  Step 9: Place chicken, skin side up, on lightly greased pans.
  
  Step 10: Bake 1 1/2 hours or until chicken is tender; bast with
  marinade 2 or 3 times during baking period. (Note: Chicken should be
  cooked for at least 20 minutes after final basting.)
  
  Recipe By     : U. S. Army
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNAKI SE FILLO (LAMB IN FILLO)
 Categories: Greek, Meats, Lamb
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Karen Mintzias
      6    Boneless lamb leg steaks *
           Freshly ground black pepper
      2 tb Butter or oil
      2 md Onions; sliced
      1    Garlic clove
     12    Fillo sheets
    1/2 c  Butter; melted
           Salt
      3 md Tomatoes; peeled
      1 ts Rigani or oregano
    125 g  Feta cheese; cut in 6 slices
 
  *Note: Lamb steaks should be about 2 cm (3/4 inch) thick.
  
  Serves: 6 Oven temperature: 200 C (400 F) Cooking time: 25-30 minutes
  
  Trim steaks of most of the fat and shape neatly - trimmings can be
  used in a ground lamb dish.  Season with pepper.
  
  Heat butter or oil in a frying pan and brown steaks quickly on each
  side - do not cook through.  Lift out onto a dish and leave until
  cool. Add onions to pan and fry gently until transparent, add garlic
  and remove from heat.
  
  Brush a sheet of fillo pastry with melted butter and place another
  sheet on top, brushing again with butter. Fold in half to make almost
  a square of fillo.  Put aside and cover wtih a dry tea towel, then
  one dampened with warm water.  Repeat with remaining fillo to give 6
  prepared squares. Take one square and brush top with butter - leave
  remaining pastry covered. Place a lamb steak in the centre and season
  lightly with salt. Top with onion-garlic mixture and cover with 2
  slices of tomato. Sprinkle with a little rigani, salt and pepper and
  place a slice of feta cheese on top. Bring up ends of fillo pastry
  and double-fold over top. Fold in ends as you would a package then
  tuck ends underneath. This is known as a the chemist's (druggist's)
  fold.  Place on a buttered baking tray. Repeat with remaining
  ingredients.
  
  Brush tops and sides of packages lightly with melted butter and bake
  in a preheated hot oven for 15 minutes. Serve immediately if
  possible, though they will survive in the oven with heat turned off
  for about 10 minutes. Garnish with parsley sprigs and serve with
  boiled green beans or zucchini dressed with olive and lemon juice.
  
  Note:  Medallions of lamb cut from a trimmed loin can be used instead
  of the steaks.  You will require 12, and place 2 in each package.
  
  From: "The Complete Middle East Cookbook" by Tess Mallos. ISBN: 1
  86302 069 1
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNAVUT CIGERI (LAMB'S LIVER WITH RED PEPPERS
 Categories: Middle east, Turkish, Side dish, Offal, Publication
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 sm Onion; peeled, sliced 1/8
           ;inch thick and separated
           ;into rings
      1 tb Salt
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Parsley; finely chopped and
           ;preferably flat leaf
    1/4 ts Hot red pepper; crushed
      1 lb Lamb's liver; trimmed and
           ;cut into 1/2 inch cubes, or
           ;1 lb. calf's liver, trimmed
           ;and cubed
    1/4 c  Raki; or ouzo or pernod or
           ;any other anise flavored
           ;aperitif
    1/4 c  Flour
    3/4 c  Olive oil
           Black pepper; freshly ground
      2    Red Peppers, long; Italian
           ;type, cut in half, deribbed
           ;seeded, and cut lengthwise
           ;into 1/8 inch wide strips
 
    Place the onion rings in a sieve or colander, sprinkle with 1
  tablespoon of the salt, and turn them about with a spoon to coat them
  evenly. Let them rest at room temperature for 30 minutes, then rinse
  under warm running water and squeeze them gently but completely dry.
  In a large bowl, toss the onions, parsley and red pepper together
  until well mixed. Set aside.
    Drop the liver into a bowl, pour in the raki and stir together for
  a few seconds.  Then pour off the raki. Toss the liver and flour
  together in another bowl, place the liver in a sieve and shake
  through all the excess flour.  In a heavy 10 to 12 inch skillet, heat
  the oil over high heat until a light haze forms above it. Add the
  liver and stir it about in the hot oil for 1 or 2 minutes, or until
  the cubes are lightly browned. Stir in the remaining 1/4 teaspoon of
  salt and a few grindings of pepper. With a slotted spoon, transfer
  the liver to paper towels to drain.
    Mound the liver in the center of a heated platter, arrange the
  onion-ring mixture and red pepper strips around it and serve at once.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI EXOHIKO ("SURPRISE" LAMB~ COUNTRY STYLE
 Categories: Greek, Meats, Lamb
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Karen Mintzias
      2 tb Olive oil
      8    Loin lamb chops
     18    Sheets commercial phyllo
      6 tb Butter; hot and melted
      2 c  Peas; cooked and drained
     16    Potato balls; parboiled
     16    Cherry tomatoes; peeled
    1/2 lb Kasseri cheese; in 8 pieces
           Salt & freshly ground pepper
    3/4 c  Chopped fresh parsley
      1 pn Dried oregano
 
  *Note: 3/4-inch slices leg of lamb may be used instead of lamb chops.
  
  In a heavy skillet, heat the oil or butter and fry the lamb over high
  heat, turning frequently.  Lower the heat and simmer for 15 minutes,
  then remove from the heat. Meanwhile, unroll the filo sheets and
  cover with a damp towel.  In a small pan over low heat, have the
  butter hot without letting it brown. Remove two sheets of filo, brush
  with hot butter over the first, then cover with the second sheet and
  brush it with butter. In the center of the buttered filo place 1 lamb
  chop, 2 tablspoons peas, 2 potato balls, 2 cherry tomatoes, and a
  slice of kasseri. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, a heaping tablespoon
  of parsley, and a pinch of oregano. Fold the filo around the lamb and
  vegetables like a sealed parcel. Place, seam side down, on a buttered
  baking pan (approximately 11 x 15 x 3 inches) and set aside while you
  repeat the procedure with the remaining ingredients to make 8
  "parcels".  Brush hot butter on the tops, then bake in a moderate
  oven (350 F) for 45 to 50 minutes or until golden in color. Remove
  from the oven and arrange on a warm platter or on individual dishes.
  Serve warm, with a fresh-cooked or raw vegetable salad.
  
  Note: The vegetables and herbs may be varied. Substitute green beans
  or lima beans for peas, use thyme or basil instead of oregano. Arni
  Exohiko is frequently prepared using buttered waxed paper, parchment
  paper or aluminum foil rather than with filo.
  
  From: "The Food of Greece" by Vilma Liacouras Chantiles. Avenel
  Books, New York.
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI FRICASE ME KREMMITHAKIA KE MAROULIA (LAM
 Categories: Meats, Main dish, Greek
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      5 lb Shoulder or back of lamb
    3/4 c  Butter
     10 ea Scallions
           Water as needed
           Coarse salt
      3 ea Heads of lettuce
      2 tb Dill, chopped (or to taste)
           Salt & pepper to taste
      2 ea Egg yolks
      2 ea Lemons, juice only
 
     Cut lamb into serving-size strips.  Place in pot with the butter.
  Clean scallions; chop the white part into small pcs. and the greens
  into larger ones (abt. 1 1/2" long); add to meat. Add 1/2 c. water
  and a little coarse salt; cook over med. heat for abt. 1 hr.
  
     Clean lettuce and cut into 2-inch pcs.
  
     As soon as meat has absorbed the water it will begin to brown in
  the butter but do not let the scallions brown. Add dill, lettuce,
  salt & pepper. Cover pot and simmer over low heat for abt. 15 min. If
  it is needed, add a little water toward the end of the cooking time
  (not in the beginning, because then the lettuce will exude water).
  
     Beat egg yolks with 2 tb. of water, add the juice from the lemons,
  and beat it in well.  Add a little of the liquid from the pot, beating
  constantly.  Pour this sauce back into the pot and shake the pot
  gently to mix the sauce with the food.  Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI FRICASSE (LAMB FRICASSE)
 Categories: Greek, Meats, Lamb
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Karen Mintzias
      1 lg Onion; chopped
      2 tb Butter
      1 kg Lean boneless lamb, cubed
      1 c  Hot water
      2 tb Chopped parsley
      1 ts Chopped dill or fennel, opt.
           Salt and pepper
           Prepared vegetable *see note

MMMMM--------------------EGG AND LEMON SAUCE-------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Stock
      1 tb Cornflour
      3    Eggs; separated
      1    Lemon (juice only)
           Salt
           Freshly ground white pepper
 
  Serves: 4-6 Cooking time: 1 3/4 to 2 hours
  
  In a heavy-based saucepan or Dutch oven gently fry onion in butter
  until transparent.  Increase heat and add cubed lamb. Cook, stirring
  constantly, until meat juices evaporate. Meat should not brown.
  Reduce heat and add hot water, herbs and salt and pepper to taste.
  Cover and simmer gently for 1 to 1 1/2 hours.  Add prepared vegetable
  and continue to cook until lambe and vegetables are tender.
  Carefully drain liquid from pan into a measuring jug and make up to 1
  1/2 cups with hot water or stock. Keep pan contents hot.
  
  Make Egg and Lemon Sauce:  Bring stock to the boil. Mix cornflour to a
  paste with a little cold water and add to stock, stirring until
  thickened and bubbling. Let it boil for 1 minute. In a bowl, beat egg
  whites until stiff, add egg yolks and continue beating until light
  and fluffy. Add lemon juice gradually, beating constantly. Gradually
  pour in boiling, thickened stock, beating constantly.  Return sauce
  to pan and cook, stirring constantly, over low heat for 1 to 2
  minutes to cook the egg. Do not allow sauce to boil. Remove from heat
  and continue to stir for 1 minute. Season to taste.
  
  Pour Egg and Lemon Sauce over lamb and vegetable, cover and leave at
  the side of the stove for 5 minutes. Arrange lamb and vegetable on a
  serving dish and sprinkle with chopped herb. Serve immediately with
  crusty bread and a chilled white wine.
  
  *Note:  Use any one of the following for the vegetable:
  
  8-12 small globe artichoke hearts.  Add to meat about 1 hour and cook
  for further 30-45 minutes.
  
  500 g (1 lb) celery stalks cut into 8 cm (3 inch) lengths and
  blanched in boiling, salted water for 5 minutes. Drain, add to meat
  after 1 hour and cook for further 45 minutes. Pork can be used
  instead of lamb with this vegetable.
  
  4 heads endive, washed well and trimmed of any coarse leaves. Slit
  heads in half lengthways and blanch in boiling salted water for 2
  minutes. Drain, add to meat after 1 1/2 hours and cook for further 15
  minutes.
  
  4 small firm heads lettuce, washed well and quartered. Place in a
  colander and scald with boiling water.  Add after 1 1/2 hours and
  cook for further 15 minutes.
  
  From: "The Complete Middle East Cookbook" by Tess Mallos. ISBN: 1
  86302 069 1
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI KAPAMA (LAMB STEW)
 Categories: Lamb/mutton, Greece
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  2 1/2 lb Stewing lamb, cut in cubes
  1 1/2 ea Lemon
    1/2 c  Butter
      2 lb Chopped tomatoes
      2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
        sm Piece cinnamon (optional)
      1 tb Sugar (optional)
 
  Sprinkle lemon juice over meat and leave for 1 hour. Heat butter in a
  frying pan and brown meat.  Transfer to large saucepan. Put tomatoes
  in frying pan.  Add salt, peeper, cinnamon and sugar. Boil for 5
  minutes and add to meat.  Simmer covered for 2 hours.  Serve with
  potatoes, rice, macaroni or spaghetti.  Serves 4 to 5. Arni Kapama
  (Lamb Stew)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI KAPANA (LAMB STEW)
 Categories: Stews
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
    2 1/2 lb lamb  -- cut in cubes
    1 1/2    lemon
      1/2 c  butter
        2 lb tomatoes  -- chopped
        2 ts salt
      1/4 ts pepper
        1 sm cinnamon stick  --
  :          optional)
        1 TB sugar  -- optional
  
  Sprinkle lemon juice over meat and leave for 1 hour. Heat butter in a
  frying pan and brown meat.  Transfer to large saucepan. Put tomatoes
  in frying pan.  Add salt, peeper, cinnamon and sugar. Boil for 5
  minutes and add to meat.  Simmer covered for 2 hours.  Serve with
  potatoes, rice, macaroni or spaghetti.  Serves 4 to 5.
  
  Recipe By     : The Roux Brothers, M Papermac 1992, ISBN 0-333-57670-5
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI LEMONATO (LEMON LAMB)
 Categories: Greek, Lamb, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Text Only
 
  Simple ethnic recipes, unchanged for generations, often have an
  authority that the latest food fashions cannot begin to match. The
  following Greek lemon lamb dish is a case in point. Faithful to its
  frugal origins. this recipe works equally well with cheap cuts like
  lamb shanks. breast of lamb or best end of neck. If you do use these
  fattier meals, make the dish a day ahead, refrigerate it and remove
  the fat that coagulates on top. if anything, the dish gains added
  depth of flavour when made ahead and reheated.
  
  Trim skin and ail excess fat from a boned shoulder or leg of lamb.
  Squeeze enough lemons to provide 1/3 cup of juice. Open out the meat
  and rub both inside and outside surfaces with some of the lemon juice
  and sprinkle them with salt and pepper.  On the inside surface of the
  meat, sprinkle a teaspoon of dried oregano or 1/2 a tablespoon of
  chopped fresh oregano. Roll the meat up and tie securely.
  
  Heat a tablespoon of olive oil in a pot large enough to take the roll
  comfortably and brown the meat on all sides. Turn the heat down to
  low and add to the pot the rest of the lemon juice, 2 cloves of
  garlic, crushed, and another teaspoon of dried oregano or 1/2
  tablespoon of fresh.
  
  Cover the pot and simmer very gently, turning occasionally, for about
  2 1/2 hours, till very tender. If you like, add small new potatoes to
  the pot about an hour before serving.
  
  To serve, remove the string and slice the meat into the centre of a
  heated serving platter.  Surround with potatoes and pour lemony
  juices over the meat.
  
  Makes 6 servings.
  
  From "Raw Materials" by Meryl Constance, The Syndey Morning Herald,
  10/6/92.  Courtesy Mark Herron.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; October 30 1992.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI LEMONATO (ROAST LEMON LAMB)
 Categories: Greek, Meats, Lamb
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Karen Mintzias
      1    Leg of lamb, about 2 kg
      3    Garlic cloves
      2    Lemons (juice only)
           Salt
           Freshly ground black pepper
      1 ts Dried rigani or oregano
      2 tb Butter or margarine
      1 c  Hot water
 
  Serves: 6-8 Oven temperature: 180 C (350 F) Cooking time: 2 1/2 hours
  
  Wipe leg with damp cloth.  Cut small slits over surface of lamb. Cut
  garlic cloves into slivers and insert in slits. Rub entire surface
  with lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with herb
  and place in a roasting pan.  Cook in a moderate oven for 1 hour.
  Drain off fat and add hot water to pan. Spread butter on lamb and
  return to oven. Cook for further 1 1/2 hours or until lamb is cooked
  to taste. Turn during cooking to brown evenly.  Allow lamb to rest in
  warm place for 15 to 20 minutes before carving. Skim off excess fat
  from pan juices, reduce if necessary and serve with the lamb.
  
  Note: 1 kg (2 lb) potatoes, peeled and quartered, may be cooked with
  the lamb during the last hour. Sprinkle with additional lemon juice,
  herb, salt and pepper.
  
  From: "The Complete Middle East Cookbook" by Tess Mallos. ISBN: 1
  86302 069 1
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI ME ARAKA     (LAMB WITH PEAS)
 Categories: Meats, Main dish, Greek
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lb Lamb
    1/2 lb Butter or margarine
      4 ea Scallions, chopped
  1 1/2 lb Tomatoes, peeled,strained OR
      1 tb Tomato paste + 2 c. water
      1 tb Dill, chopped
      1 tb Parsley, chopped
           Salt & pepper to taste
      4 lb Peas, shelled, washed
           Water as needed
 
     Cut meat into 1 1/2" cubes (approx.).  Wash and drain. Brown
  butter in a pot.  Add meat and brown well. Add scallions, and cook
  until soft but not dark.  Add tomatoes (or diluted tomato paste),
  dill, parsley, salt & pepper.  Simmer abt. 20 min.  Add peas and an
  addt'l. 1 c. water. Cover, simmer until all liquid is absorbed and
  only butter remains as a sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI ME PATATES RAGU     (LAMB & POTATOES RAG
 Categories: Meats, Main dish, Greek
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lb Leg of lamb
           Salt & pepper to taste
      4 tb Butter
      1 ea Med. onion, chopped
      1 ea Carrot, minced
      1 tb Parsley, chopped
      1 lb Tomatoes, peeled, strained
      3 lb Potatoes
           Water as needed
 
     Wash and dry meat; cut into 1 1/2" chunks; lightly salt & pepper.
  Brown the butter in lge. pot.  Add meat and brown well on all sides.
  Remove and place in deep dish. Add onion to the pot with the butter
  and let it brown. Add carrot and parsley, and cook until they wilt.
  Add tomatoes; bring to aboil.  Add meat and 1 c. of hot water.
  Partially cook over low heat for abt. 30 min.  Menwhile, peel
  potatoes, cut into 2 or 3 pcs. Add to pot. Add a little salt &
  pepper, and cook until potatoes are tender and most of the liquid has
  been absorbed (30 to 45 min.).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI PSITO ME PATATES (ROAST LAMB WITH POTATO
 Categories: Greece, Meats, Lamb/mutton, Main dish, Formatted
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Lamb, leg of; young, spring
      3    Garlic cloves
           Salt; to taste
           Pepper, black; to taste
      4 tb Butter; melted
      1    Lemon; juiced
     20 sm Potatoes; peeled
           Salt
      2 tb Tomato paste
      2 c  Water; hot
 
    Wash leg of lamb.  Slit with sharp knife in various places on both
  sides of lamb.  Slice garlic thinly and insert the slices in slits
  made in lamb. Season with salt and pepper and brush with melted
  butter. Squeeze lemon juice over lamb and place in roasting pan, fat
  side up. Roast at 450 F for 1/2 hour.
    While lamb is browning, sprinkle potatoes with salt, rub with tomato
  paste, and let stand for a few minutes. Add potatoes to the baking
  pan with the water and lower oven temperature to 350 F. Turn and
  baste the potatoes occasionally during the roasting period. When lamb
  is done, remove to hot serving platter and keep warm. Increase oven
  temperature to 425 F and brown potatoes for 20 minutes longer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI PSITO ME PATATES (ROAST LAMB WITH POTATO
 Categories: Greece, Lamb/mutton, Main dish, Submitted
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Lamb, leg of; young, spring
      3    Garlic cloves
           Salt; to taste
           Pepper, black; to taste
      4 tb Butter; melted
      1    Lemon; juiced
     20 sm Potatoes; peeled
           Salt
      2 tb Tomato paste
      2 c  Water; hot
 
    Wash leg of lamb.  Slit with sharp knife in various places on both
  sides of lamb.  Slice garlic thinly and insert the slices in slits
  made in lamb. Season with salt and pepper and brush with melted
  butter. Squeeze lemon juice over lamb and place in roasting pan, fat
  side up. Roast at 450 F for
      1/2    hour.
    While lamb is browning, sprinkle potatoes with salt, rub with tomato
  paste, and let stand for a few minutes. Add potatoes to the baking
  pan with the water and lower oven temperature to 350 F. Turn and
  baste the potatoes occasionally during the roasting period. When lamb
  is done, remove to hot serving platter and keep warm. Increase oven
  temperature to 425 F and brown potatoes for 20 minutes longer.
    Source: The Art of Greek Cookery by the Women of St. Pauls Greek
  Orthodox Church Typed for you by Karen Mintzias, reposted by
  DonW1948@aol.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI SOUVLAKI
 Categories: Other meat
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           NANCY BERRY
      1    Leg lamb;about 4 lb. --
           Boned
    1/2 c  Olive oil
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
           Juice of 1 lemon
      2 ts Dried oregano
     20 ml Garlic -- crushed or
           Chopped
      3    Bay leaves -- broken in
           Pieces
           Salt and freshly ground
           Black pepper to taste
           (CWBJ78A)
 
  Cut lamb into 1 1/2 inch cubes and place in a non-reactive (glass or
  earthenware) dish. Add remaining ingredients to lamb, mix well to coat
  meat, and cover. You can also place all ingredients in a heavy
  plastic bag and seal. Leave in refrigerator to marinate for 12-24
  hours, stirring meat occasionally. Lift lamb out of marinade and
  thread onto metal skewers. Pieces of bay leaf may be placed between
  lamb cubes. Since most vegetables have different cooking times, I
  would suggest that you skewer peppers, onions, etc. separately and
  serve them together with the lamb. If you wish these may be marinated
  also (in a separate bag.) Cook under a hot broiler or over glowing
  charcoal, turning and basting frequently with marinade. I like this
  best medium rare. Keep checking the meat -- the cooking time will
  vary because charcoal fires are so variable. Place on a platter and
  garnish with parsley and lemon wedges. Serves 6-8.
  
  Formatted by Elaine Radis BGMB90B; October, 1993 Posted in 1991
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI SOUVLAKI (SKEWERED LAMB)
 Categories: Greek, Meats, Lamb
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Karen Mintzias
      1    Leg lamb (2 kg), boned
    1/2 c  Olive oil
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
      1    Lemon (juice only)
      2 ts Dried rigani or oregano
      2    Garlic cloves; crushed
      3    Bay leaves; broken in pieces
           Salt and pepper
 
  Serves: 6-8 Cooking time: 15 minutes
  
  Cut lamb into 4 cm (1 1/2 inch) cubes and place in a glass or
  earthenware dish.  Add remaining ingredients to lamb, mix well to
  coat meat, and cover. Leave in refrigerator to marinate for 12-24
  hours, stirring meat occasionally.
  
  Lift lamb out of marinade and thread onto metal skewers. Pieces of
  bay leaf may be placed between lamb cubes.
  
  Cook under a hot grill or over glowing charcoal, running and basting
  frequently with marinade.  Grill for 15 minutes or until cooked to
  taste. Place on a platter and garnish with parsley and lemon wedges.
  Serve hot.
  
  From: "The Complete Middle East Cookbook" by Tess Mallos. ISBN: 1
  86302 069 1
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI SOUVLAKI (SKEWERED LAMB) #1
 Categories: Grill, Lamb, Middle east
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Leg lamb (2 kg), boned
    1/2 c  Olive oil
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
      1    Lemon (juice only)
      2 ts Dried rigani or oregano
      2    Garlic cloves; crushed
      3    Bay leaves; broken in pieces
      1    Salt and pepper
 
  Serves: 6-8 Cooking time: 15 minutes Cut lamb into 4 cm (1 1/2 inch)
  cubes and place in a glass or earthenware dish. Add remaining
  ingredients to lamb, mix well to coat meat, and cover. Leave in
  refrigerator to marinate for 12-24 hours, stirring meat occasionally.
  Lift lamb out of marinade and thread onto metal
  
  skewers.  Pieces of bay leaf may be placed between lamb cubes. Cook
  under a hot grill or over glowing charcoal, running and basting
  frequently with marinade.  Grill for 15 minutes or until cooked to
  taste. Place on a platter and garnish with parsley and lemon wedges.
  Serve hot.
  
  From: "The Complete Middle East Cookbook" by Tess Mallos. ISBN: 1
  86302 069 1 Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI SOUVLAKIA (SHISH-KABOB)
 Categories: Main
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3 lb Leg or shoulder of lamb
           Lemon juice
           Salt
           Pepper
           Powdered oregano
           Olive oil
 
  Cut the lamb into 1-1/2 inch cubes or 1/2 inch strips ~- whichever you
  prefer.  Combine equal parts salt, pepper, and oregano. Place lamb in
  marinating container. Drizzle liberally with lemon juice. Sprinkle
  liberally with spice mixture.  Let marinate in refridgerator for 3-8
  hours.
  
  Thread meat on skewers.  Grill until meat is brown but still juicy,
  brushing with olive oil two or three times. Goes well with Chicken
  Flavored Rice.
  
  Recipe By     : David Rogers
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARNI TIS KATSAROLAS ME PATATES  (POTTED LAMB
 Categories: Meats, Main dish, Greek
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lb Leg of lamb, boned
      4 tb Butter
      2 tb Lemon juice
  1 1/2 c  Hot water (more as needed)
      3 lb Tiny potatoes
           Butter for frying
           Salt & pepper to taste
 
     Wash lamb, wipe dry, and sprinkle with salt & pepper. Put 4 tb.
  butter in pot, add lamb; brown on all sides. Add lemon juice and
  allow this to boil. Add 1 c. water, and simmer (add more water as
  needed) 45 min. to 1 hr. or until meat is tender and 1 cup liquid
  remains. Remove from heat. Cool meat and slice it.
  
     Meanwhile clean potaotes--small round ones, or cut rounds with a
  melon baller from large ones.  Put potatoes into frying pan and brown
  in butter on all sides, then add to pot containing the sauce from the
  meat. Add salt & pepper and 1/2 c. water; simmer until all liquid is
  absorbed and only the butter remains. Before serving, careully place
  meat on potatoes to heat. Serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AROMATIC AUBERGINES
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2    Good-sized aubergines
           -- quartered and sliced
           Olive oil for frying
     75 g  Gruyre; sliced very thinly

MMMMM------------------------TOMATO SAUCE-----------------------------
      1 lg Onion; sliced very thinly
      2 tb Olive oil
    400 g  Canned tomatoes
           - drained & finely chopped
      1    Bay leaf
      1 ts Dried thyme
    1/2 ts Orange peel, grated
      1    Pinch of saffron
      1    Garlic clove; crushed
           Salt
 
  Serves 2-3
  
  In this delectable dish, sauteed slices of aubergine are covered with
  an aromatic tomato sauce and baked with a topping of cheese. It makes
  a wonderful meal served with a tossed salad and some fresh granary
  rolls.
  
  Soften the onion in the oil for about 10 minutes, covered, until
  translucent but not browned. Stir in the tomatoes and add the herbs,
  orange peel, saffron, garlic and salt. Simmer gently for 30 minutes,
  then liquidize and leave to stand over a very low heat while you
  prepare the aubergines.Saut the aubergine slices in olive oil until
  browned on both sides. Drain and dry on kitchen paper.Arrange the
  aubergine slices in layers, covering each layer with the tomato sauce
  and topping with the cheese slices. Cover with foil and bake at 190
  degrees C / 375 degrees F / gas 5 for
       20    minutes.
  
  Copyright Rosamond Richardson 1996
  
  Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AROMATIC BEEF (COLD)
 Categories: Loo, Chinese, Beef
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lb Beef bottom round,
           -fat trimmed
           Oil
      4 oz Soy sauce
      6 oz Dry sherry
      4    Garlic cloves
      2    Ginger slices
      3    Scallions, in 1" lengths
      1    Cinnamon stick
      1    Star anise star
      4    Basil sprigs
      1 tb Sugar
           Water to cover
      2 tb Gelatin
      4 oz Cold water
           Sesame oil
 
  Wash meat and pat dry. Brown quickly on all sides in a little oil.
  Combine next 9 ingredients in a large kettle. Bring to a boil. Add
  meat and water to cover. Lower heat and let simmer at lowest heat for
  2 hrs. Off heat, let steep for 1 hr. Remove beef, chill, and slice
  thin.
  
  Strain and defat liquid. Soften gelatin in water; add to liquid in a
  fresh pot. Bring to a boil and reduce to 2 - 2 1/2 c. Let cool.
  Arrange beef in a serving bowl or dish or mold that has been oiled
  with a dash of sesame oil. Pour cooled liquid over. Chill in fridge.
  
  To serve: unmold on a bed of greens.
  
  From:    Michael Loo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AROMATIC BROTH WITH VEGETABLE SLIVERS
 Categories: Thai, Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Stalk Lemon Grass
      4 c  Cubed Chicken Meat
           Chicken Or Fish Stock
    1/2 c  Sliced Cilantro Leaves
      1    Serrano Or Jalapeno Chili
    1/2 ts Grated Lime Zest
           Lime Juice To Taste
  1 1/2 tb Salt
           Pepper To Taste
      3 oz Snow Peas
      1 md Carrot, Peeled
      4 md Radishes
           Green Part of 1 Scallion
      2 tb Whole Cilantro Leaves
 
  1. Cut lemon grass in 2-inch pieces; bruise lightly. Combine with
  stock, cilantro stems, chili, and lime zest in sauce pan. Simmer,
  covered, 15 minutes (halfway through, taste and remove hot pepper, if
  desired, or leave in longer for more heat).
  
  2. Strain. (Solids can be re-used with more cilantro to flavor another
  batch of broth.) Add lime juice, salt and pepper.
  
  3. Cut snow peas in thin diagonal strips. With vegetable peeler shave
  2 inch ribbons of carrot. Thinly slice radishes and scallion.
  
  4. Bring soup to a boil: stir in snow peas and carrots and boil until
  just tender --about 1 1/2 minutes. Stir in radishes, scallion, and
  cilantro; bring to a boil. Serve at once.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AROMATIC CABBAGE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Cabbage; small, about 2 1/2s
      2    Onions;medium
      3 tb Vegetable oil
    1/2 ts Cumin seeds,whole
    1/2 ts Fennel seeds, whole
      4 ts Sesame seeds
    1/2 ts -Salt
 
    Remove coarse outer leaves from cabbage, quarter and core. Cut into
  fine fine shred, either by hand or with food processor. Set aside.
  Peel onions; cut in half lengthwise. Cut crosswise into thin half
  rings; set aside.
    In large wok or large wide pot over medium heat, heat oil. When
  very hot, add the cumin and the fennel seeds. As soon as the seeds
  turn a shade darker (just a few minutes) toss in the sesame seeds.
  Stir for a second before adding onions. Stir fry 2 or 3 minutes or
  'til browned on the edges. Cover tightly and turn heat to low. Cook
  2-3 minutes or 'til cabbage wilts. Uncover and cook over high heat,
  stir fry 5 minutes or 'til vegetables are very tender. SERVES: 6
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AROMATIC CHICKEN WITH RICE (MALAYSIA)
 Categories: Malaysia, Chicken, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 c  Cooked rice
      1    Chicken (3 pounds)
      1    Onion
      3 tb Sesame oil
      2 tb Light soy sauce
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
 
  Spread cooked rice in a pie pan.  Chop chicken into large pieces. Cut
  onion into wedges.  In a wok or large pan heat sesame oil and brown
  the chicken with the onions until the onions are transparent. Add soy
  sauce and sprinkle with salt and pepper.  Put the chicken on the
  cooked rice in the pie plate.  Steam for about 30 minutes or until
  the chicken is done. Serve warm.
  
  If you have a rice cooker, you can just put the braised onions and
  chicken on top of the raw rice and cook it that way.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg Dec 17 1989.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AROMATIC DUCK
 Categories: Poultry, Chinese
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Duckling
      2 ts Peppercorns
      1 ts Thyme, whole dried
      2    Bay leaf; crumbled
      6    Cloves
      1 tb Kosher salt
      1 tb Sugar, brown
      1 tb Brandy
      1    Garlic clove
      5    Red cabbage leaves
 
  Cut off the wingtips from the duck and wrap them up with the giblets
  for making stock.  Pull out and discard any loose interior fat. Rinse
  the duck inside and out and pat dry, inside and out. Mix together in
  a spice mill or mortar the peppercorns, thyme, bay leaves, cloves and
  salt. Grind to a fine texture. Combine in a small dish with the brown
  sugar and brandy. Place the duck in a heavy plastic bag that fits
  snugly. Rub half the spice mixture inside the duck and the remaining
  half over the outside. Place the garlic in the duck's cavity. Close
  the bag tightly and refrigerate 24 hours, rubbing the surface and
  squeezing in the spices occasionally. Remove the duck from the bag
  and gently pat it dry. Set it on a cake rack over a plate and return
  it, uncovered, to the refrigerator for another 24 hours or so,
  turning it once. Pat the duck to dry it thoroughly (if not already
  dry) and let it come to room temperature (at least two hours).
  Preheat the oven to 300. Using a large needle and white cotton
  thread, sew closed the neck and tail openings.  Place the duck on its
  side on a rack set in a roasting pan. Roast the duck for 45 minutes.
  With the needle, prick the fatty parts on the upper side; do not
  prick deeply enough to pierce the flesh. Grab the duck by the legs
  and turn it over onto the other side. Increase the oven temperature
  to 350 and roast 30 minutes. Price the fatty parts on the upturned
  side and then turn the duck onto its breast. Increase the heat to 400
  and roast about 30 minutes longer, or until the duck is deeply
  browned and most of the fat has melted away. Remove from the oven and
  let cool 1 to 3 hours before serving. To serve: Using a heavy cleaver
  or poultry shears, cut through flesh and bone of the duck carefully
  to make about 12 to 14 serving pieces, keeping the skin neatly intact
  on each piece. Spread the cabbage leaves over a platter, shallow
  basket or wooden bowl and arrange the duck on them. If the duck is to
  be served hot, arrange the cut pieces in a pan in a single layer, cut
  side down, and roast in a preheated 350 oven 15 minutes.
                                   --- Food & Wine magazine
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AROMATIC GREEN CASSEROLE
 Categories: Vegetarian, Main dish, Easy
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      3 oz Snap beans; cut into bite-
           -size pieces
      3 oz Brussels sprouts; cut into
           -bite-size pieces
      3 oz Broccoli; cut into bite-size
           -pieces
  1 1/2 oz Walnuts; chopped
      2 tb Soy oil
    1/2 ts Fresh dill; chopped
    1/4 ts Sage
    1/2 ts Salt
           Juice of 1/2 lemon
        pn Cayenne
 
   Steam beans, brussels sprouts, and broccoli for 8 minutes. Combine
  beans and walnuts with remaining ingredients and 2 ounces water.
  Transfer to blender and puree until smooth. Pour sauce over
  vegetables.
   Serve hot or cold.
  
   From DEEANNE's recipe files
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AROMATIC LAMB
 Categories: Lamb, Main dish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Leg of lamb (about 4 lbs)
      3 lb Potatoes (about 5 oz each)
      1    Lemon (may be doubled)
           Honey
           Olive oil
           Butter
           Rosemary, thyme & oregano
 
  Put the leg of lamb into a large roasting pan.  Bruise the leaves of
  2 or 3 sprigs of rosemary and sprinkle them over the meat. Add plenty
  of pepper and 1 tablespoon honey. Rub the mixture into the meat with
  your hands. Then rub half a lemon over the joint, squeezing the juice
  on to the meat as you do so.  Do not add any salt. Leave to marinate
  for 4 to 24 hours.
      Peel and quarter the potatoes, then arrange them in a single layer
  round the lamb.  Squeeze lemon juice over the potatoes -- use at
  least half a lemon, or up to one and a half lemons for a strong
  citrus flavour. Carefully pour 1/4 pint water into a corner of the
  roasting pan, then sprinkle over the potatoes and lamb about 2
  tablespoons chopped fresh rosemary, at least 1 teaspoon each fresh
  chopped thyme and oregano, and some salt and pepper.  Drizzle on
  1-1/2 teaspoons honey and 1 tablespoon olive oil, then dot with 1 oz
  butter. Bake at 425 F (220 C) gas mark 6 for a further 1 to 1-1/4
  hours. The ingredients will become gilded and will burnish to a rich
  brown in places. Lift the meat and turn the potatoes occasionally,
  and if necessary, add a little boiling water to the pan to prevent
  drying out.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARPAGYONGY KREMLEVES (CREAM OF PEARL BARLEY S
 Categories: Soups/stews, Hungary, Upload, Hungarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Bones, pork & veal
      2 ea Carrots; peeled, sliced
      1 ea Parsnip; peeled, sliced
    1/2 c  Pearl Barley; uncooked
      3 tb Butter; clarified
      1 tb Flour, all-purpose
    1/3 c  Milk, whole
           Salt
    1/3 c  Heavy cream
      1 ea Egg yolks
 
    Cook bones and vegetables in 1 1/2 quarts water for about 2 hours.
  Keep skimming the broth to remove scum. Strain. Add enough water to
  bring the amount to 1 1/2 quarts again. Add barley to the broth and
  cook until it is soft.
    Make a roux with butter and flour. Cook the roux over low heat,
  stirring constantly, but do not let it become dark. This should be a
  light roux. Stir 1/3 cup cold water and 1/3 cup cold milk into the
  roux and whip until smooth. Pour into soup and simmer it for 10
  minutes.
    Puree the soup in a blender or through a sieve. Adjust the salt to
  taste. Mix cream with egg yolk and put it in a soup tureen. Just
  before serving, pour hot creamed soup over the yolk and cream mixture.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARRABBIATA-STYLE SPAGHETI
 Categories: Italian, Pasta, Mrs. g, Main dish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           - G. Granaroli XBRG76A
           - MM:MK VMXV03A
      1 lb Chitterlings mixed with
           -pork (ask butcher)
     10    Shelled walnuts (Puree with
           -a little oil)
    1/2 c  Olive oil
      4    Cloves garlic (crushed)
           Salt and pepper to taste
    1/4 ts Red paprika
    1/2 c  White wine
    1/3 c  Raisins
      1 lb Spaghetti
           Grated cheese
 
  *Clean and chop chitterlings. Heat oil in pan. When hot fry
  chitterlings and pork with garlic, paprika and pepper for 5 min.
  Blanche raisons, drain and add to pan with walnut puree. Add wine.
  Stir well and puree in blender until smooth. Serve over hot cooked
  spaghetti. Top with cheese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROWROOT SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Arrowroot powder
  1 1/2 c  -cool water
      2 tb Tamari soy sauce; up to 3 tb
      1 ea Vegetable bouillon cube
           -up to 2 cubes
           -or 1-2 tsp vegetable broth
           -powder
           Cayenne pepper; to taste
           Sea kelp; to taste

MMMMM--------------------------OPTIONAL-------------------------------
           -dash of sweetener (to
           -balance flavours)
 
  Mix the arrowroot thoroughly  with the water in the saucepan, using a
  wire whisk. Add the remaining ingredients and mix well. Cook over
  medium heat, stirring constantly until thickened. Keep warm over low
  heat. Serve over hot vegetables, whole grains or stir frys. Keeps up
  to 7 days in refrigerator or may be frozen.
  
  SERVES: 4-6 SOURCE: _Vegan Delights_ by Jeanne Marie Martin posted by
  Anne MacLellan
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ AMARILLO CON CAMARONES -YELLOW RICE & S
 Categories: Main dish, Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Olive oil
      1 sm Onion; chopped
      1 sm Green pepper; chopped
      1    Garlic clove; minced
      1    Parsley sprig
      1 lg Ripe tomato
           - peeled, seeded & chopped
      1    Bay leaf
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Cumin
    1/4 ts Thyme
      1 pn Saffron; toasted
      1 lb Shrimp, raw
           - shelled, deveined
      1 c  -Hot water
    1/4 c  Dry white wine
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 tb Salt
    1/2 ts Hot sauce
      2 c  Long grain white rice
  2 1/2 c  -Water
    1/2 c  Beer
           Cooked peas
           Pimiento strips
           Parsley bouquets
 
  Use a 3-quart casserole with lid.  An earthenware casserole is
  preferable, especially if you wish to add a touch of Spain to a
  dinner party. However, I know that good earthenware is hard to find
  today. I have 2 casseroles that I've had for 15 years. Heat oil in
  casserole. Saute onion and pepper until transparent. Add garlic,
  parsley, tomato, bay leaf, nutmeg, cumin and thyme.  Mix well, cover,
  and cook over low heat until mushy (about 15 minutes).  The saffron
  should be toasting on the lid in the little brown paper. Add the
  shrimp to the saute and cook until it turns pink. Dissolve the
  saffron in the 1 cup hot water.  Combine with wine, lemon juice, salt
  and hot sauce.  Pour into casserole, stir to mix, and cook covered 10
  minutes more. Now add the rice and the 2 1/2 cups of water.
  Distribute ingredients well in casserole.  Bring to a quick boil,
  STIR ONCE, and place in preheated 325 degree F. oven for only 20
  minutes - NI UN MINUTO MAS! Remove from oven, uncover, and garnish
  with peas, pimientos, and parsley. Pour beer over all.  Cover again
  and allow to stand 15 minutes longer, before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ BLANCO
 Categories: Mexican, Rice
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Jim Vorheis
  1 1/2 c  Unconverted long-grain rice
    1/3 c  Safflower oil, melted
           -chicken fat, or melted lard
      3 tb Finely chopped white onion
      1    Garlic clove, peeled and
           -finely chopped
  3 1/2 c  Light chicken broth,
           -approximately
      1 c  Fresh corn kernels or 1/3
           -cup carrot rounds
           Plus 1/2 cup fresh peas
           -(optional)
      1    Parsley sprig
      2    Whole chilies serranos
           Sea salt to taste
           White Rice
 
  Put the rice into a bowl and cover with very hot water. Stir once and
  leave to soak for 10 minutes. Drain, rinse in cold water, and drain
  again.
  
  Heat the oil in a heavy pan.  Give the rice a final shake and stir
  into the fat.  Fry over medium heat for about 5 minutes, stirring
  almost continuously.  Add the onion and garlic and continue frying
  until the rice is just turning a pale gold and the onion is
  transparent - about 3 to 5 minutes longer.
  
  Pour in the broth and, if used, the vegetables and parsley or fresh
  chilies, add salt to taste, stir once again for the last time, and
  cook over fairly high heat, uncovered, until all the broth has been
  absorbed and air holes appear in the surface. Cover the surface of
  the rice with a towel and lid and continue cooking over very low heat
  for 5 minutes more. Remove from the heat and set aside in a warm
  place for the rice to absorb the rest of the moisture in the steam
  and swell ~ about 15 minutes. Dig gently to the bottom and test a
  grain of rice. If it is still damp, cook for a few minutes longer.
  If the top grains are not quite soft, then sprinkle with a little
  more hot broth, cover, and cook for a few minutes longer.
  
  Before serving, turn the rice over from the bottom so that the
  flavored juices will be distributed evenly.
  
  The Art of Mexican Cooking From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CALIENTE
 Categories: Beef, Rice
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Hamburger
      1 c  Onion -- chopped
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Garlic Powder
     12 oz Salsa
      1 c  Rice, Cooked
    1/2 c  Nonfat Sour Cream
      1 c  Nonfat Monterey Jack Cheese
           Grated
 
  Brown meat and onions in seasonings. Drain fat.
  
  Mix remaining ingredients and top with cheese.
  
  Microwave 5 minutes on medium high.
  
  Recipe By     : Unknown
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON GANDULES
 Categories: Spain
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     16 oz Can green pigeon peas
    1/2 lb Fresh pork, diced
    1/2 lb Bacon, diced
      6 oz Jar sofrito
      4 oz Can tomato sauce
      2 oz Jar alcaparrado, drained
  1 1/2 c  Rice (uncooked)
      1 ea Packet Sazon
  2 1/2 c  Water
      2 tb Dry white wine (optional)
      1 ts Salt
 
  In large heavy pot, saute fresh pork & bacon until it begins to
  release it's fat. Add sofrito, tomato sauce,alcaparrado, rice &
  Sazon. Mix well. Add pigeon peas, water, wine,salt. Cook uncovered
  over medium heat until water begins to boil. Cover, simmer 30 mins.
  Serves 4Subj: Bacalaitos minutes of cooking. Stir in chopped
  bandhania.Subj: Arroz Con Gandules
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON LECHE (MEXICAN RICE PUDDING)
 Categories: Desserts, Puddings, Mexican, Dairy
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Cinnamon stick, 2"
           Lime zest, 2" strip x 3/4"
           -wide
      1 c  Rice
      1 qt Milk
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      4 lg Egg yolks
    1/2 ts Vanilla extract
    1/4 c  Raisins
      1 tb Butter, sweet; cut into bits
           Ground cinnamon; for garnish
 
  The rice.  Bring 2 c water to boil in med saucepan, add cinnamon
  stick and lime zest, cover and simmer over med heat for 5 min. Pour
  in rice, let mix return to boil, stir once, then cover and cook over
  med-low heat for 20 min, until all the liquid is absorbed and the
  rice is tender.
  
  The pudding.  Stir in milk, sugar, and salt and simmer over med to
  med-low heat, stirring frequently, until the liquid shows the FIRST
  signs of thickening, 20-25 min. Take from the heat and remove the
  cinn stick and zest.  Beat the egg yolks until runny, stir in the
  vanilla and a few T of the hot rice, the stir yolk concoction back
  into the rice mixture, Mix in HALF the raisins, then spoon the rice
  pudding into a decorative 8"square baking dish.
  
  Browning and finishing the pudding.  Preheat the broiler and dot the
  rice pudding w/butter.  Set the dish under the heat long enough to
  brown the top, 3 or 4 min. Sprinkle with remaining raisins and the
  ground cinnamon, and serve warm or at room temperature.
  
  COOK'S NOTES:
  
  Timing and Advance Preparation The rice pudding can be ready in an
  hour, much of which won't involve your direct participation. It may
  be prepared through Step 2 a day or two in advance, then buttered and
  broiled shortly before serving.
  
                               -- The Cuisines of Mexico
                                  Diana Kennedy
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON LECHE (RICE PUDDING)
 Categories: Tex mex, Desserts, Grains
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 c  Milk
      3    Eggs; separated
      1    Stick cinnamon
      1 c  Rice; uncooked
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ts Lemon or orange skin*
 
  Soak rice covered in water about 10 minutes. Drain; and mix rice;
  milk; egg yolks; sugar; cinnamon stick and orange zest in sauce pan
  and cook; constantly stirring; at very low heat (to prevent burning).
  When it begins to thicken (about 20 minutes); remove from fire. While
  it is cooling; beat egg whites to stiff peaks. Strain rice mixture to
  remove cinnamon; lemon peel. Gently fold rice mixture in to beaten
  egg whites. Pour into a shallow bowl; cool. Serve sprinkled with
  cinnamon.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON LECHE DE COCO
 Categories: Side dish, Rice
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Coconut, finely shredded &
           -browned in butter
    1/2 c  Rice (pre-cooked)
      1 c  Boiling liquid from coconut
      1 md Onion, finely chopped
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Butter for the coconut
      2 tb Butter for the onion
 
  Heat the butter well, and brown the shredded coconut. In another pan,
  fry the onion, add the rice, salt, and heated liquid from the
  coconut. Let it boil, then the lower heat. Add the coconut meat and
  let it cook for 20-25 minutes until it is soft and dry. If necessary,
  add more water. Stir in the pre-cooked rice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO
 Categories: Mexican, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Olive oil
    1/4 c  Tomato sauce
      1    Frying chicken cut up
    1/8 ts Saffron (powdered)
      1    Small onion chopped
  2 1/2 c  Chicken broth
      1    Clove garlic minced
      1 c  Uncooked rice
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
  Heat oil,  brown chicken on both sides.  Add onion and garlic, fry a
  few minutes, then add tomato sauce, saffron dissolved in chicken
  broth, salt and pepper.
    Cover and cook for 20 minutes.  Add rice, stir well, cover again and
  simmer for 30 minutes longer,  or until all liquid has been absorbed
  and chicken is tender.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO #1
 Categories: Rice, Poultry
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     12 ea Package of Arroz typo
           -valencio(california pearl
           -rice) or regular rice
           If preffered (1 1/2 cups)
           One 2 lbs chicken cut up
      2 md Onions
      3 ea Cloves of garlic
      5 tb Of cooking oil (olive oil
           -is the best)
    1/2 ea Green pepper chopped
    1/2 cn Of tomato sauce
      1 c  Of dry wine(white)
      2 ea Chicken boullion cubes
      1 sm Can of sweet peas
    1/2 ea Package of yellow rice
           -coloring (saffron)
           Salt to taste
 
  saute onion, garlic and green pepper in oil. Add tomato sauce,
  saffron, peas with juice, salt, chicken and boullion and cook
  approximately 10 minutes. Add washed rice and lower heat. Add one cup
  of dry white wine and simmer stirring occasionally until rice is
  tender. Garnish with olives. ( I usually put the olives in with the
  Wine). Enjoy! Caldo Gallego arroz con pollo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO #2
 Categories: Poultry, Main dish, Mexican
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Oil
      2 lb Chicken thighs & legs
    1/2 ts Paprika
      1 tb Cilantro, chopped
    1/2 c  Onion, diced
      1    Clove garlic, crushed
  1 1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  White wine
      3    Tomatoes, diced
      1    Bouillon cube
      1    Bay leaf
    1/2 ts Oregano
      1 ts Mixed vegetable seasoning
    1/2 ts Basil
      1 c  Celery
    1/2 c  Almonds
    3/4 c  Short grain brown rice
    3/4 c  Wild rice
      2 c  Peas
 
  Heat oil and brown chicken in it for 10 minutes.  Add paprika,
  cilantro, onion and garlic.  Saute until onion is clear. Stir in
  water, wine, tomatoes, bouillon cube, and seasonings; combine
  thoroughly. Stir in celery, almonds and rice.  Cover and simmer 20
  minutes; add peas and simmer another 10-20 minutes or until rice is
  ready.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO (CHICKEN & RICE)
 Categories: Poultry, Mexican, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Skinless, boneless chicken
           -breasts, cut into 1" strips
      1 md Onion, quartered
      2    Green peppers, chopped
      1    Jalapeno pepper, seeded and
           -chopped
      3    Cloves garlic, minced
      2 tb Chopped fresh coriander
      2 c  Chicken stock
      1 c  Crushed and drained canned
           -Italian plum tomatoes
      1 ts Ground cumin
      1 ts Chili powder
    3/4 c  Long-grain brown rice
      1 ds Cayenne pepper
      1 c  Green peas (fresh or frozen)
      1 tb Sliced pimentos
      1 tb Rinsed and drained capers
 
  Source: MAINPOUL.ZIP
  
  Saute chicken strips in nonstick skillet until white, about 5
  minutes. Set aside and keep warm. In large skillet, bring all other
  ingredients, except peas, pimentos and capers, to a boil. Cover and
  simmer about 30 minutes, until rice has adsorbed liquid. Add peas,
  remove from heat and let steam. Arrange chicken and sauce over rice,
  garnish with pimentos and capers. Makes 6 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO (CHICKEN & RICE)
 Categories: Poultry, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Skinless, boneless chicken
           -breasts, cut into 1" strips
      1 md Onion, quartered
      2    Green peppers, chopped
      1    Jalapeno pepper, seeded and
           -chopped
      3    Cloves garlic, minced
      2 tb Chopped fresh coriander
      2 c  Chicken stock
      1 c  Crushed and drained canned
           -Italian plum tomatoes
      1 ts Ground cumin
      1 ts Chili powder
    3/4 c  Long-grain brown rice
      1 ds Cayenne pepper
      1 c  Green peas (fresh or frozen)
      1 tb Sliced pimentos
      1 tb Rinsed and drained capers
 
  Source: MAINPOUL.ZIP
  
  Saute chicken strips in nonstick skillet until white, about 5
  minutes. Set aside and keep warm. In large skillet, bring all other
  ingredients, except peas, pimentos and capers, to a boil. Cover and
  simmer about 30 minutes, until rice has adsorbed liquid. Add peas,
  remove from heat and let steam. Arrange chicken and sauce over rice,
  garnish with pimentos and capers. Makes 6 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO (CHICKEN WITH RICE)
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------------PREPARE AHEAD----------------------------
      1 c  Rice
      1    Chicken bouillion cube
    1/8 ts Saffron Threads
      1    4x4 pc dried tomato sauce*
      1 pk Freeze dried chicken
      1 c  Freeze dried peas
      3 c  Water

MMMMM-------------------------EQUIPMENT------------------------------
      1    Pot
      1    Cup
 
  PACKING THE FOOD: Put into 3 small bags, then package with the trail
  directions: 1. Rice and (unwrapped) bouillion cube; 2. saffron; 3.
  dried sauce, chicken and peas. TRAIL DIRECTIONS: 1. In a cookpot, add
  2 cups water to rice, cover, bring to a boil and simmer 15 minutes.
  Meanwhile, crumble the saffron threads into 1 T. water in a cup and
  let them soak. 2. About halfway through the rice cooking time, add 1
  1/2 c more water, the saffron water, the dried sauce, chicken and
  peas. Cover, bring back to a boil and simmer until rice is cooked,
  about 7 more minutes. Add more water if necessary. Time: 20 to 25
  minutes. * This is 1/4 of the Basic tomato sauce recipe.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO (MEXICAN STEWED CHICKEN WITH
 Categories: Poultry, Mexican, Rice
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lb Chicken, cut into pieces
    1/4 c  Cooking oil
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
      1    Clove garlic, sliced paper
           -thin
    1/2 c  Chopped green pepper
      1 cn Tomatoes (#2)
    1/2 ts Sait
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/2 ts Paprika
      4    Cloves
      2 sm Bay leaves
      1 c  Raw rice
      1    1 O ounce package frozen
           -peas,
      1    Sweet red pepper
 
  ~cut into 1/4" pieces
  
  Dry the pieces of chicken with paper toweling. Place the oil in a
  large skiilet and saute the chicken until golden brown. Add the
  onion, garlic and green pepper and saute until tbe onion is
  transparent and glazed. Then add the tomatoes, salt, pepper, paprika,
  cloves and bay leaves. Bring to a rollng boil, and then turn thc heat
  back to simmer. Cover and simmer for 25 minutes. Add the rice; stir
  it in well. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes longer, or until the
  grains of rice are tender. Sprinkle the peas and pepper over the top,
  and cook, uncovered, for 5 minutes more. Serves 6. If you wish,
  remove the cloves and bay leaves before serving.
  
  Source: The Super Chicken Cookbook; by Ione Nixon Found by Fran McGee
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO (STEWED CHICKEN & RICE) #1
 Categories: Rice, Poultry
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
        x  Vegetable cooking spray;
      1 c  Onion; chopped
    1/2 c  Celery; chopped
      2 cl Garlic; finely chopped
      1 lb Chicken thighs; skinless
     16 oz Tomatoes, diced; undrained
      1 c  Rice, long-grain; uncooked
      2 ts Bouillon, chicken; instant
           -=or=- 2 cubes
           Bay leaf;
    1/4 ts Pepper, ground;
     10 oz Green peas, frozen; optl

MMMMM------------------------PER SERVING-----------------------------
    270 x  *cals
     21 x  *gm protein
     38 x  *gm carbo
      4 x  *gm fat
     13 x  *% cals from fat
     63 x  *mg chol
    553 x  *mg sodium
 
  Spray nonstick Dutch oven with vegetable cooking spray and place over
  medium heat.  Add onion, celery and garlic; cook 3 to 5 minutes, or
  until tender, stirring often. Add remaining ingredients except peas;
  bring to a boil.  Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer 30 minutes.
  Add peas, cover and simmer 10 minutes longer. To serve, remove bay
  leaf. Makes 6 servings. Pre Time: about 10 minutes. Cooking Time:
  about 45 minutes.
  
  S: Woman's Day Light Meals in Minutes Vol 3 No. 2 Formatted for
  MM:dianeE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO (STEWED CHICKEN & RICE) #1
 Categories: Poultry, Mexico
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
        x  Vegetable cooking spray;
      1 c  Onion; chopped
    1/2 c  Celery; chopped
      2 cl Garlic; finely chopped
      1 lb Chicken thighs; skinless
     16 oz Tomatoes, diced; undrained
      1 c  Rice, long-grain; uncooked
      2 ts Bouillon, chicken; instant
           -=or=- 2 cubes
           Bay leaf;
    1/4 ts Pepper, ground;
     10 oz Green peas, frozen; optl

MMMMM------------------------PER SERVING-----------------------------
    270 x  *cals
     21 x  *gm protein
     38 x  *gm carbo
      4 x  *gm fat
     13 x  *% cals from fat
     63 x  *mg chol
    553 x  *mg sodium
 
  Spray nonstick Dutch oven with vegetable cooking spray and place over
  medium heat.  Add onion, celery and garlic; cook 3 to 5 minutes, or
  until tender, stirring often. Add remaining ingredients except peas;
  bring to a boil.  Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer 30 minutes.
  Add peas, cover and simmer 10 minutes longer. To serve, remove bay
  leaf. Makes 6 servings. Pre Time: about 10 minutes. Cooking Time:
  about 45 minutes.
  
  S: Woman's Day Light Meals in Minutes Vol 3 No. 2 Formatted for
  MM:dianeE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO (STEWED CHICKEN & RICE) #2
 Categories: Poultry, Mexico, Grains/rice
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lb Chicken, cut into pieces
    1/4 c  Oil, vegetable
    1/2 c  Onion; chopped
      1    Garlic clove; sliced paper
           -thin
    1/2 c  Pepper, green; chopped
      1 cn Tomatoes (#2)
    1/2 ts Sait
    1/4 ts Pepper, black, ground
    1/2 ts Paprika
      4    Cloves
      2 sm Bay leaves
      1 c  Raw rice
      1    1 O ounce package frozen
           -peas,
      1    Pepper, red, sweet
 
  ~cut into 1/4" pieces
  
  Dry the pieces of chicken with paper toweling. Place the oil in a
  large skiilet and saute the chicken until golden brown. Add the
  onion, garlic and green pepper and saute until tbe onion is
  transparent and glazed. Then add the tomatoes, salt, pepper, paprika,
  cloves and bay leaves. Bring to a rollng boil, and then turn thc heat
  back to simmer. Cover and simmer for 25 minutes. Add the rice; stir
  it in well. Cover and simmer for 20 minutes longer, or until the
  grains of rice are tender. Sprinkle the peas and pepper over the top,
  and cook, uncovered, for 5 minutes more. Serves 6. If you wish,
  remove the cloves and bay leaves before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO (STEWED CHICKEN & RICE) #3
 Categories: Poultry, Mexico
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Olive Oil
    1/4 c  Tomato Sauce
      1    Frying Chicken Cut Up
    1/8 ts Saffron (Powdered)
      1    Small Onion Chopped
  2 1/2 c  Chicken Broth
      1    Clove Garlic, Minced
      1 c  Uncooked Rice
           Salt And Pepper To Taste
 
  Heat oil, brown chicken on both sides.  Add onion and garlic, fry a
  few minutes, then add tomato sauce, saffron dissolved in chicken
  broth, salt and pepper. Cover and cook for 20 minutes. Add rice, stir
  well, cover again and simmer for 30 minutes longer, or until all
  liquid has been absorbed and chicken is tender.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO (STEWED CHICKEN & RICE) #4
 Categories: Poultry, Mexico, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Skinless, boneless chicken
           -breasts, cut into 1" strips
      1 md Onion, quartered
      2    Green peppers, chopped
      1    Jalapeno pepper, seeded and
           -chopped
      3    Cloves garlic, minced
      2 tb Chopped fresh coriander
      2 c  Chicken stock
      1 c  Crushed and drained canned
           -Italian plum tomatoes
      1 ts Ground cumin
      1 ts Chili powder
    3/4 c  Long-grain brown rice
      1 ds Cayenne pepper
      1 c  Green peas (fresh or frozen)
      1 tb Sliced pimentos
      1 tb Rinsed and drained capers
 
  Source: MAINPOUL.ZIP
  
  Saute chicken strips in nonstick skillet until white, about 5
  minutes. Set aside and keep warm. In large skillet, bring all other
  ingredients, except peas, pimentos and capers, to a boil. Cover and
  simmer about 30 minutes, until rice has adsorbed liquid. Add peas,
  remove from heat and let steam. Arrange chicken and sauce over rice,
  garnish with pimentos and capers. Makes 6 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO (STEWED CHICKEN & RICE) #5
 Categories: Chicken, Main dish, Mexico
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Oil
      2 lb Chicken thighs & legs
    1/2 ts Paprika
      1 tb Cilantro, chopped
    1/2 c  Onion, diced
      1    Clove garlic, crushed
  1 1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  White wine
      3    Tomatoes, diced
      1    Bouillon cube
      1    Bay leaf
    1/2 ts Oregano
      1 ts Mixed vegetable seasoning
    1/2 ts Basil
      1 c  Celery
    1/2 c  Almonds
    3/4 c  Short grain brown rice
    3/4 c  Wild rice
      2 c  Peas
 
  Heat oil and brown chicken in it for 10 minutes.  Add paprika,
  cilantro, onion and garlic.  Saute until onion is clear. Stir in
  water, wine, tomatoes, bouillon cube, and seasonings; combine
  thoroughly. Stir in celery, almonds and rice.  Cover and simmer 20
  minutes; add peas and simmer another 10-20 minutes or until rice is
  ready.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO - LADIES' HOME JOURNAL
 Categories: Chicken, Low-fat/low, Mexican, Rice
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Chicken breast halves
           Without skin -- 4 halves
           Salt
    1/2 ts Fresh ground pepper --
           Divided
    1/2 ts Paprika -- divided
      2 ts Olive oil
      1 lg Green pepper -- chopped
    3/4 c  Chopped onions
  1 1/2 ts Garlic -- minced
      1 c  Long-grain rice
 14 1/2 oz Chicken broth, defatted-1 cn
    1/3 c  Dry white wine
    1/8 ts Saffron -- optional
     16 oz Stewed tomatoes -- or 14.5
        oz Can`
      1 tb Chopped parsley -- fresh
 
  1. Cut each breast in 2 pieces.  Combine 1/4 teaspoon each salt,
  pepper, and paprika; rub over chicken.
  
  2. Heat oil over high heat.  Add chicken; cook until golden on all
  sides, 10 minutes. Remove chicken.
  
  3. Add green pepper, onions, and garlic to skillet. Cook, stirring
  until vegetables are tender.  Add rice; cook, stirring until rice is
  opaque, 1 to 2 minutes.
  
  4. Stir in broth, white wine, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/4 teaspoon each
  paprika nd pepper, and the saffron powder. Bring to boil over high
  heat. Reduce heat to low; cover and simmer,15 minutes.
  
  5. Stir in chicken and stewed tomatoes with their liquid; return to
  boil, breaking up tomatoes with spoon. Cover and simmer 20 minutes
  more, stirring once, until chicken and riceare tender and liquid is
  absorbed. Stir in parsley.  Spoon onto warm platter.
  
  Recipe By     : Ladies' Home Journal - Jan. 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ CON POLLO - SUNSET
 Categories: Mexican, Chicken, Rice, Low-fat/low
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 cn Tomatoes -- (15 ounces)
  1 1/2 c  Low sodium chicken broth
      3 lb Chicken -- skinned & cut up
      1 ts Canola oil
      1 lg Onion -- chopped
      1 sm Green bell pepper -- seeded
           And chopped
      2    Garlic cloves -- minced
      1 c  Long-grain rice
      1 ts Oregano
    1/4 ts Ground cumin
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1    Bay leaf
     10 oz Frozen peas -- thawed
           Salt
    1/4 c  Green onions -- thinly
           Sliced
 
  1. Drain liquid from tomatoes into glass measure and add enough broth
  to make
        2    cups liquid.
  
  2. Rinse chicken and pat dry.  Heat oil in a 5 quart pan over medium
  high heat. Add several pieces of chicken (do not crowd pan) and 2
  tablespoons of water; cook, turning as needed, until chicken is
  browned on all sides (about 10 minutes). Add more wate r, 1
  tablespoon at a time, if pan appears dry. Repeat to brown remaining
  chicken, setting pieces asided as they are browned. Discard all but 1
  teaspoon of the drippings.
  
  3. Add chopped onion, bell pepper, and garlic to pan; cook, stirring,
  until onion is soft (about 5 minutes). Stir in tomatoes (break them
  up with a spoon), broth mixture, rice, oregano, cumin, pepper and bay
  leaf. Bring to a boil.
  
  4. Return chicken to the pan.  Reduce heat, cover, and simmer until
  meat near thighbone is no longer pink. Cut to test (about 45
  minutes). Add more broth as needed to prevent sticking. Stir in peas,
  season with salt to taste. Just before serving garni sh with green
  onions.
  
  Recipe By     : Sunset Low-Fat Mexican Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ DE BACALHAU
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Onion
           - peeled and thinly sliced
      4 tb Olive oil
      1    Steak dried salt cod
      1    Ripe tomato (or dbl. amt.)
           - peeled, cored
           - and very coarsely chopped
           Salt and pepper to taste
  1 2/3 c  Short-grain rice
 
  Short-grain rice adds the perfect texture to this traditional dish
  from northern Portugal. The salt cod may eliminate the need for
  additional salt.
  
  BROWN THE ONION in the olive oil in a large heavy saucepan over
  moderate heat. Meanwhile, shred the cod, remove the skin and bones
  and wash but do not soak. Add the cod to the onion, cover and simmer
  for about 10 minutes. Add the tomatoes and leave to cook 20-to-30
  minutes, covered, over low heat. Meanwhile, wash and drain the rice.
  Add 3 1/3 cups water to the pan (add twice as much water as there is
  rice), season to taste with salt and pepper. When the water boils,
  add the rice and continue to cook on low heat until the rice is
  done--probably 25-to-30 minutes. Cover the kettle for the last half
  of cooking.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ DE HUACA
 Categories: Mexican
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Minced Onion
      4    Dried malagueta chiles,
           -stems and seeds removed
           -crushed, or substitute
           -Piquin chiles
      2 ts Olive Oil
      1 c  White rice
    1/2 c  Boiling water
  1 1/2 c  Coconut milk
 
   Saute the onion and chiles in the oil until the onions are soft. Add
  the rice and continue to saute until the rice turns opaque.
   Combine the water and coconut milk and bring to a boil. Add the rice
  mixture and bring back to a boil. Lower the heat, cover and simmer
  for 30 minutes or until the rice is tender.
   Remove the chiles and fluff the rice with a fork before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ DE POLVO
 Categories: Portugal, Seafood, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Text Onl
 
  This, too, is a Portuguese recipe++from the Algarve.
  
  It can be made with octopuses of any size.  Baby ones won't need so
  much precooking.
  
  Precook 600 to 800 g octopus in 200 mL red wine with a little water.
  
  The octopus will exude liquid so that you are likely to end up with
  more cooking liquid at the end.
  
  Retain this and add water to make it up to 600 ea mL. Cut the drained
  octopus into small pieces.
  
  Heat 150 mL olive oil in a large saucepan, add a chopped onion and
  cook gently, stirring, for 2 or 3 minutes. Add 2 garlic cloves finely
  chopped, 3 tomatoes, skinned and chopped, and a large green pepper
  cut into snips. Season with salt, pepper and chilli powder to taste.
  Cook for a few minutes longer.
  
  Add the cooking liquid from the octopus and bring it to the boil. Add
  350 g rice (preferable a short-grain risotto rice like arborio) and
  bring back to the boil, then turn the heat very low and put the lid
  on the saucepan. After 15 minutes, stir to ensure the rice is not
  catching on the bottom of the saucepan.  In 5 minutes more, taste a
  grain or two to make sure it is soft.  The rice should still be quite
  damp.
  
  Serve.
  
  Makes 4 servings.
  
  From Meryl Constance' column in the Sydney Morning Herald, "Raw
  Materials". 3/2/93.  Courtesy, Mark Herron.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; June 4 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ DE POLVO (OCTOPUS RICE)
 Categories: Seafood, Portuguese
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Octopus
      1 c  Red wine
    3/4 c  Olive oil
      1    Onion; chopped
      2    Garlic clove; finely chopped
      3    Tomato; skinned & chopped
      1 lg Bell pepper, green; chopped
           Salt; to taste
           Pepper; to taste
           Chilli powder; to taste
      1 lb Rice, short grain
 
  Precook octopus in red wine with a little water. The octopus will
  exude liquid so that you are likely to end up with more cooking
  liquid at the end. Retain this and add water to make it up to 2-1/2
  cups. Cut the drained octopus into small pieces.
  
  Heat olive oil in a large saucepan; add a chopped onion and cook
  gently, stirring, for 2 or 3 minutes. Add garlic, tomatoes, and
  pepper. Season with salt, pepper and chilli powder to taste. Cook for
  a few minutes longer.
  
  Add the cooking liquid from the octopus and bring it to the boil. Add
  rice (preferably a short-grain risotto rice like arborio) and bring
  back to the boil, then turn the heat very low and put the lid on the
  saucepan. After 15 minutes, stir to ensure the rice is not catching
  on the bottom of the saucepan. In 5 minutes more, taste a grain or
  two to make sure it is soft. The rice should still be quite damp.
  
  Serve.
  
    From Meryl Constance' column in the Sydney Morning Herald,
    Recipe courtesy of Mark Herron
    Fidonet COOKING echo
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ DULCE
 Categories: Desserts, Chinese, Ethnic
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 c  Rice
      2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Evaporated milk
      1 c  Raisins
      3    Eggs separated
    3/4 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Nutmeg
 
  Combine the rice, water, sugar and salt in a large saucepan. Bring the
  water to a boil and cover the saucepan. Reduce the heat to low and
  continue to cook for 12-15 minutes, or until the water is absorbed.
  Combine the milk and egg yolks. Add them to the rice. Then mix in the
  raisins, vanilla and cinnamon. Simmer for five minutes. Remove from
  the heat. Beat the egg whites until stiff. Fold them into the rice.
  Chill and garnish with nutmeg before serving. NOTE: I like rice
  pudding warm, too.
  
  (Rice pudding--a traditional wedding dish) I'll post some Traditional
  New Mexico dessert favorites. Hope you enjoy them. They're not hard,
  and they're sure tasty.
  :)
  
  Food & Wine RT [*] Category 5, Topic 9 Message 65 Sat Dec 12, 1992
  PETCHY [Court.Jester]        at 13:04 EST
  
  MM by QBTOMM and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  GT Cookbook echo moderator, net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ DULCE ('SWEET RICE' FROM BUENA VISTA MO
 Categories: Grains
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  2 1/4 c  Rice, plain long-grain white
      4 c  Water
      1    Stick cinnamon
      1 l  Milk
    397 g  Sweetened, condensed milk
 
  Cook rice in the water as usual, but do not allow to cook completely;
  when almost all the water is absorbed add the cinnamon. After 3-5
  more minutes ad both the milks. Cook on very low another 15 minutes
  or until all the milk is absorbed.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ DULCE (SWEET RICE)
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 c  Rice
    1/2 c  Raisins
  1 1/2    Cinnamon sticks
      1 c  Sugar
      1 tb Grated gingerroot
      1 c  Canned coconut cream
      2 c  Milk
    1/2 ts Vanilla
    1/4 c  Unsalted butter
           Ground cinnamon
 
  Soak rice and raisins in water to cover 1/2 hour. Bring 2 cups water
  to boil in large saucepan. Drain rice and raisins and add to boiling
  water with cinnamon sticks and 1/4 cup sugar. Cook over low heat
  until rice is tender. Boil gingerroot in 1/2 cup water 5 minutes,
  strain and blend liquid with remaining 3/4 cup sugar, coconut cream,
  milk and vanilla. Add this mixture with butter to rice. Cover and
  cook over low heat until milk is absorbed, stirring every 5 to 10
  minutes. Spoon into serving dish or individual custard cups, sprinkle
  with cinnamon and chill.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ DULCE-SWEET RICE PUDDING
 Categories: Southwest, Mexican, Pudding
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Cooked Rice
      2 c  Evaporated Milk
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 tb Cinnamon
      2    Egg Whites (optional)
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Combine rice, milk and sugar in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil;
  simmer over low heat; add cinnamon. If desired, whip two egg whites
  and add to hot rice mixture, 	stirring rapidly. Add vanilla. Serve
  hot or cold. Walt
  
  From: Comida Sobrosa/Home-Style Sothwest Cooking 	University of New
  Mexico Press ISBN-0-8263-0664-0
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ POBLANA
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Rice
      4    Poblano chiles, roasted,
           -peeled,, and seeded
      4 c  Chicken stock
    1/3 c  Oil
      1 md Onion,, diced
      2    Cloves garlic,, minced
      2 c  Fresh corn kernels
      1    Sprig fresh epazote,,
           -chopped fine
      1 ts Sea salt
    1/4 c  Cream
 
  Rinse the rice, drain it, spread it on a baking sheet, and let stand
  in a warm place until dry.
  
  In a blender, place 2 of the chiles with 1/2 cup of the chicken
  stock, and blend until smooth. Slice the remaining 2 chiles into
  strips and set aside.
  
  In a heavy skillet, heat the oil, over a medium heat. Cook the onion
  and garlic 1 to 2 minutes. Add the rice and cook until it turns a
  light golden brown. Add the blended chiles, corn kernels, chicken
  stock, epazote, and chile strips, stirring constantly. Season with
  the salt. Cover, and let simmer over a low heat for about 30
  minutes. Stir the cream into the rice and let stand for a few
  minutes, covered. Serve with hot corn or flour tortillas.
  
  Yield: 6 to 8 servings Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #
  
  Recipe by: TOO HOT TAMALES SHOW #TH6280
  
  From: Meg Antczak <meginny@frontiernet.net>
  
  Date: Fri, 6 Dec 1996 08:08:48 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ VALENCIANA (RICE CASSEROLE)
 Categories: Casseroles, Chicken, Grains/rice, Phillipines
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------YIELD: 6 SERVINGS--------------------------
      1 sm Chicken fryer; cut up in 2
           - inch pieces
    1/2 lb Pork; cutup in 1 inch pieces
           - and 1/4 inch thick
      2 ea Links of Chinese sausage
      6 sm Potatoes quartered
      2 ea Garlic cloves; chopped
      2 lg Ripe tomatoes
      2 ea Sl Canned pimentoes; sliced
      1 c  Green peas
      3 c  Rice, boiled in 3 cups of
           - water and 2 cups coconut
           - milk
    1/2 c  Margarine
    1/4 c  Black olives; sliced
      1 ts Salt
 
  Place chicken and pork in frying pan and cook. Season with salt and
  pepper until slightly brown. In a deep saucepan fry garlic, onions
  and tomatoes in margarine in the order given. Add potatoes then the
  chicken, pork and sausage. Stir and cover until meat and potatoes are
  done. Add water if necessary. Add pimentoes, peas and olives. When
  meat and vegetables are done, remove some of the stock from meat and
  set aside. Add cooked rice to meat and mix thoroughly. Add remaining
  stock and season to taste. Cook on low heat until mixture becomes
  quite dry. Serve on platter and garnish top with sliced hard boiled
  eggs, stuffed olives, pimentoes strips and sprigs of parsley leaves.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ VERDE
 Categories: Mexican, Rice
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Jim Vorheis
  1 1/2 c  Unconverted long-grain rice
    1/3 c  Safflower oil, melted
           -chicken fat, or melted lard
      3 tb Finely chopped white onion
      2    Chilies poblanos, charred,
           -peeled, and cut in strips
      4 c  Chicken broth
      1    Garlic clove, peeled and
           -roughly chopped
      1 c  Firmly packed, roughly
           -chopped flat-leaf parsley
    1/2 c  Firmly packed, roughly
           -chopped epazote or cilantro
           Sea salt to taste
           Green Rice
 
  Put the rice into a bowl and pour very hot water over to cover; stir
  and set aside for 10 minutes.  Drain in a strainer and rinse in cold
  water; drain again and set aside.
  
  Heat the oil in a heavy pan, stir the rice into it, and fry over
  fairly high heat, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan, for
  about 5 minutes.  Add the onion and chile strips and continue frying
  for 4 minutes or until the onion is translucent.
  
  Meanwhile, put 1 cup of the broth into a blender jar; add the garlic,
  parsley, and epazote and blend until smooth. Add this to the frying
  rice and continue frying and reducing the puree over quite high heat,
  stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan, until the rice is dry.
  Stir in the rest of the broth, add salt to taste, and cook over
  fairly high heat, uncovered, until the liquid has been absorbed and
  there are air holes in the rice. Cover with a towel and lid and
  continue cooking over low heat for 5 minutes.  Remove from the heat
  and set aside, still covered, in a warm place for the rice to swell
  up.  Before serving, turn the rice over with a fork from the bottom
  where a lot of the flavor and oil will have settled.
  
  The Art of Mexican Cooking From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ VERDE (GREEN RICE)
 Categories: Latin amer., Mexican, Rice, Chilies, Time/life
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4    Poblano chilies; or 4 green
           ;peppers, each 4 inches in
           ;diameter
      4 c  Chicken stock; fresh or can
      1 c  Parsley, fresh; coarsely
           ;chopped
    1/2 c  Onion; coarsely chopped
    1/4 ts Garlic; finely chopped
      1 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Black pepper; freshly ground
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      2 c  Long grain rice; raw

MMMMM----------------SILVER XPRESS MAIL SYSTEM 5---------------------
 
    Roast the chilies or peppers, remove their skins, stems, seeds and
  thick white membranes and discard. Chop the chilies into chunks.
  Combine 1 cup of the chunks and 1/2 cup of stock in the jar of a
  blender and blend at high speed for 15 seconds.  Then gradually add
  the remaining chilies and the parsley, onions, garlic, salt and
  pepper, blending until the mixture is reduced to a smooth puree.  (To
  make the sauce by hand, puree the chilies, parsley, onions and
  garlic, a cup or so at a time, in a food mill set over a bowl.
  Discard any pulp left in the mill. Stir in 1/2 cup of stock and the
  salt and pepper.)
    Pour the oil into a 2 to 3 quart casserole and set it over moderate
  heat. When the oil is hot but not smoking, add the rice and stir
  constantly for 2 to 3 minutes until the grains are coated with oil.
  Do not let them brown. Now add the pureed chili mixture and simmer,
  stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, bring the remaining
  3 1/2 cups of stock to a boil in a small saucepan and pour it over
  the rice. Return to a boil, cover the casserole and reduce the heat
  to its lowest point. Simmer undisturbed for 18 to 20 minutes, or
  until the rice is tender and has absorbed all the liquid.  Before
  serving, fluff the rice with a fork. If the rice must wait, remove
  the cover and drape the pan loosely with a towel. Place in a
  preheated 250 degree (F) oven to keep warm.
  
  77 of 108
  
  Source: Time Life Series: Latin American Cooking
  
  MMed by: earl.cravens@salata.com Beach, CA * 310-543-0439 V.32bis
  (1:102/125) ® ¯ BBS: Sound Advice (816) 436-4516 Date: Sat, 12-17-94
  (04:36) Number: 17703 Refer: 0 To: ALL From: EARL CRAVENS Subj:
  Foods/Latin Amer.78 -108 Conf: InterCook (823) Read: No Status: Public
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARROZ VERDE (GREEN RICE) #1
 Categories: Mexico, Grains/rice
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Unconverted long-grain rice
    1/3 c  Safflower oil, melted
           -chicken fat, or melted lard
      3 tb Finely chopped white onion
      2    Chilies poblanos, charred,
           -peeled, and cut in strips
      4 c  Chicken broth
      1    Garlic clove, peeled and
           -roughly chopped
      1 c  Firmly packed, roughly
           -chopped flat-leaf parsley
    1/2 c  Firmly packed, roughly
           -chopped epazote or cilantro
           Sea salt to taste
           Green Rice
 
  Put the rice into a bowl and pour very hot water over to cover; stir
  and set aside for 10 minutes.  Drain in a strainer and rinse in cold
  water; drain again and set aside.
  
  Heat the oil in a heavy pan, stir the rice into it, and fry over
  fairly high heat, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan, for
  about 5 minutes.  Add the onion and chile strips and continue frying
  for 4 minutes or until the onion is translucent.
  
  Meanwhile, put 1 cup of the broth into a blender jar; add the garlic,
  parsley, and epazote and blend until smooth. Add this to the frying
  rice and continue frying and reducing the puree over quite high heat,
  stirring and scraping the bottom of the pan, until the rice is dry.
  Stir in the rest of the broth, add salt to taste, and cook over
  fairly high heat, uncovered, until the liquid has been absorbed and
  there are air holes in the rice. Cover with a towel and lid and
  continue cooking over low heat for 5 minutes.  Remove from the heat
  and set aside, still covered, in a warm place for the rice to swell
  up.  Before serving, turn the rice over with a fork from the bottom
  where a lot of the flavor and oil will have settled.
  
  The Art of Mexican Cooking From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ART'S MOCK CRABMEAT CASSEROLE
 Categories: Fish, Main dish, Casseroles
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Mayonnaise
      1 c  Sour creame
      2 tb Parsley
      1 tb Onion; diced
      1    Green pepper, diced
      1 ts Curry powder
      6    Hard-boiled eggs, chopped
      1 lb Mock crabmeat
           Paprika
 
  Combine all ingredients, except paprika. Turn into greased 1 1/2-quart
  casserole. Sprinkle with paprika. Bake at 350^ for 40 to 50 minutes.
  Serve over hot, cooked rice. Source: Art Reed, Siver Spgs. MD
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTHUR TREACHER STYLE FISH
 Categories: Seafood, Fish and se
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lb Fish Fillets; Firm, White
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 c  Milk -- or more as needed
      2 c  Flour
      3 c  Pancake mix
      2 c  Club Soda (approx.)
      1 ts Basil
      1 ts Pepper
    1/2 ts Garlic salt
           Cooking oil
 
  Cut fish fillets in half, making triangular shape. Cover with milk and
  lemon juice and refrigerate 3-4 hours. Drain off milk. Dip fillets in
  flour to coat each piece lightly. Letdry on a cookie sheet, making
  sure pieces do not tough. Add oil to deep fryer or heavy pan to a
  depth of at least 3 inches. Heat oil to 425~. Combine pancake mix,
  basil, pepper, garlic salt and enough soda to make a thick batter,
  about the consistency of buttermilk. Dip floured fillets in batter
  and add to the hot oil one at a time. Fry 4-5 minutes. Remove filets
  to cookie sheet, again, not letting them touch and keep warm in a
  250~ oven. Deep fry remaining filets, keeping the depth of the oil at
  least 3 inches. NOTE: Do notheap fish as this creates steam in the
  oven and makes coating soft.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTHUR TREACHER'S FISH BATTER
 Categories: Mix, Seafood
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           WALDINE VAN GEFFEN
           VGHC42A-----
      3 lb Fish fillets
      2 c  All-purpose flour
      3 c  Pancake mix
      3 c  Club soda
      1 tb Onion powder
      1 tb Seasoned salt
 
  Dip moistened fish pieces evenly but lightly in the flour. Dust off
  any excess flour and allow pieces to air dry on eaxed paper, about 5
  minutes. Whip the pancake mix with the club soda to the consistency
  of buttermilk- pourable, but not too thin and not too thick. beat in
  the onion powder and seasoned salt. Dip floured fillets into batter
  and drop into 425~ oil in heavy saucepan using meat thermometer.
  Brown about 4 minutes per side. Arrange on cookie sheet in 325~ oven
  until all pieces have been fired.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHAUD DIEPPOISE!
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 tb Oil
      2 tb Green Onions(Chopped)
      1 oz Crabmeat
      1 oz Cream (Heavy - 32% M.F.)
    1/2 ts Italian Herbs
      1    Artichoke Bottom (cooked)
    1/4 c  Mushrooms (Sliced)
      1 oz White Wine
      1 pn Salt & White Pepper
      3 tb Hollandaise-recipe to
           -follow

MMMMM---------------------SAUCE HOLLANDAISE--------------------------
      1    Egg Yolk
      2 oz Butter (Melted)
           Cayenne Pepper to taste
    1/2 ts White Wine
    1/8 ts Lemon Juice
 
  Heat oil in a fry pan. Add onions, artichoke and mushrooms and saute
  until softened. Add crab, wine and herbs, cook over medium heat until
  wine has reduced by 2/3. Add cream and cook until sauce thickens to
  sauce consistency. Season with salt and white pepper.
  
  Sauce Hollandaise
  
  Place egg yolk in a stainless steel bowl, add wine. Place bowl over
  pot of water, rolling at a gentle simmer. Whisk mixture constantly
  until it starts to thicken. Remove bowl from heat, and SLOWLY whisk
  in melted butter. Finish with lemon juice.
  
  Assembly:
  
  Place Artichoke bottom in center of plate. Fill with crab mixture.
  Spoon hollandaise sauce over top. Brown with broiler in oven, if
  desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE & CRACKED WHEAT BREAD - BREADMAKER
 Categories: Abm
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
 
  ~-----BEST BREAD MACHINE CB EVER--
        9 oz Marinated artichoke hearts
      1/2 tb Yeast
    1 1/2 c  Bread flour
    1 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
      1/3 c  Cracked wheat
    1 1/2 tb Sugar
      1/2 tb Salt
      1/4 ts Black pepper
        3 tb Parmesan, grated
        1 c  Water; warm
  
  Drain artichoke hearts, reserving 3 tb liquid.  Bring all ingredients
  to room temperature and pour into bakery, in order. Set "baking
  control" at 10 o'clock. Select "white bread" and push Start.  In hot
  and humid weather, use 1/8 c less water.  Since the flavor of this
  loaf is not too assertive, but the texture is substantial, it is a
  good sandwich bread for spicy meats, such as salami or pate, and ripe
  cheese. For early in the day eating, toast and spread with orange
  marmalade or apple butter.
  
  Tested in DAK R2D2.  Sylvia's comments:
  
  MM typos by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  Internet sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com, moderator of GT Cookbook and
  PlanoNet Lowfat and Luscious echoes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE & CRACKED WHEAT BREAD ABM
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------BEST BREAD MACHINE CB EVER----------------------
      9 oz Marinated artichoke hearts
    1/2 tb Yeast
  1 1/2 c  Bread flour
  1 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
    1/3 c  Cracked wheat
  1 1/2 tb Sugar
    1/2 tb Salt
    1/4 ts Black pepper
      3 tb Parmesan, grated
      1 c  Water; warm
 
  Drain artichoke hearts, reserving 3 tb liquid.
  
  Bring all ingredients to room temperature and pour into bakery, in
  order. Set "baking control" at 10 o'clock. Select "white bread" and
  push Start.
  
  In hot & humid weather, use 1/8 c less water.
  
  Since the flavor of this loaf is not too assertive, but the texture is
  substantial, it is a good sandwich bread for spicy meats, such as
  salami or pate, and ripe cheese. For early in the day eating, toast
  and spread with orange marmalade or apple butter.
  
  Tested in DAK R2D2.  Sylvia's comments:
  
  MM typos by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  Internet sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com, moderator of GT Cookbook and
  PlanoNet Lowfat & Luscious echoes
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE & LEEK PIZZA (EW)
 Categories: Main dish, Pizzas
      Yield: 1 Pizza
 
      2 md Sized artichokes or 4 small
    1/2    Lemon for preparing
           -artichokes
      1 oz Pancetta, diced
      1 tb Olive oil preferably extra
           Virgin
      1    Onion, finely chopped
           Salt & freshly ground black
           -pepper, to taste
      1    Large leek, thoroughly
           -claned and sliced thinly
    3/4 lb Pizza Dough
           Semolina or cornmeal for
           -dusting
      2 oz Mozzarella cheese, coarsely
           -grated (2/3 cup)
      3 tb Freshly grated Parmesan
           -cheese
 
  Place a pizza stone, baking tiles or an inverted baking sheet on the
  lowest rack of a cold oven; preheat for 30 minutes to 500 degrees F
  or the highest setting.
  
  For each of the artichokes, peel away and discard the tough outer
  leaves, snapping them off at the base, until you reach the pale
  yellow leaves with the darker green tops. Slice off the darkest green
  top and rub the artichoke with the cut side of the lemon half.
   With a paring knife, trim the artichoke where you snapped off the
  leaves, removing any green portions. Rub with lemon. Trim the bottom
  1/4 inch off the stem and pare away the tough outer skin. With a
  melon baller or paring knife, remove the fuzzy choke from the center
  of the artichoke. Cut the heart into quarters, then cut each quarter
  into 4 pieces. Squeeze the lemon into a bowl of water and place the
  artichoke pieces into the acidulated water to keep them from turning
  brown.
  
  Heat a skillet over the medium heat, add pacetta and cook, stirring
  until golden about 4 minutes.  Drain the pancetta on paper towels.
  Pour off fat from the skillet. Add 1 1/2 tsp. of the olive oil and
  onions to the skillet.  Cook, stirring occasionally, until the onions
  are soft but not brown, about 3 minutes. Add the drained artichoke
  pieces and stir to mix well. Add pepper and 2/3 cup water. Cover and
  cook over low heat until the artichoke pieces are tender and most of
  the liquid has cooked away, about 15 minutes.  Add leeks and stir to
  mix well. Taste and adjust seasonings, adding salt if desired. Let
  cool completely.
  
  Here we go with the dough again...Place dough on a lightly floured
  surface and pat into a disk.  Use a rolling pin or your hands to roll
  or stretch the dough into a circle that is 1/4 inch thick and 10 to
  12 inches in diameter.  Transfer to a semolina or cornmeal dusted
  pizza peel or inverted baking sheet. Brush the dough with a little of
  the remaining olive oil. Distribute the artichoke mixture over the
  dough. Sprinkle the cheeses over the artichoke mixture. Drizzle with
  the remaining olive oil.
  
  Carefully slide the pizza onto the heated pizza stone and bake for 6
  to 8 minutes, or until the bottom is crisp and browned and the top is
  bubbling.
  
  Entered by: Diane Pahl (1:2410/120) Recipes from: Eating Well, The
  Magazine of Food and Health (tm) ISSN 1064-16399
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE & OYSTER SOUFFLE
 Categories: Seafood, Vegetables, Masterchefs, Norleans, Pal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 md Artichokes
      1 md Lemon, halved
           Oyster Souffle Base **
           Oyster Sauce **
 
       ** See recipes for Oyster Souffle Base, and Oyster Sauce.
  
       Trim the artichokes and rub the cut ends with lemon. (This
  prevents oxidation which can turn the ends of the artichokes brown.)
  
       Drop the artichokes into boiling salted water and cook for 30
  minutes or until the bottoms are just tender and a leaf pulls out
  with only slight resistance.
  
       Remove the choke from the water, re-form the cooked artichoke and
  stuff with the souffle base.
  
       Preheat your oven to 375 F.
  
       Bake for 20 minutes or until the souffle is puffed and brown.
  
       Serve topped with Oyster Sauce.
  
       Source: Great Chefs of New Orleans, Tele-record Productions
       :    Box 71112, New Orleans, Louisiana - 1983
       :    Chef Gerhard Brill, Commander's Palace Restaurant, New
  Orleans
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE & OYSTER SOUFFLE
 Categories: Fish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 md Artichokes
      1 md Lemon, halved
           Oyster Souffle Base **
           Oyster Sauce **
 
       ** See recipes for Oyster Souffle Base, and Oyster Sauce.
  
       Trim the artichokes and rub the cut ends with lemon. (This
  prevents oxidation which can turn the ends of the artichokes brown.)
  
       Drop the artichokes into boiling salted water and cook for 30
  minutes or until the bottoms are just tender and a leaf pulls out
  with only slight resistance.
  
       Remove the choke from the water, re-form the cooked artichoke and
  stuff with the souffle base.
  
       Preheat your oven to 375 F.
  
       Bake for 20 minutes or until the souffle is puffed and brown.
  
       Serve topped with Oyster Sauce.
  
       Source: Great Chefs of New Orleans, Tele-record Productions
       :    Box 71112, New Orleans, Louisiana - 1983
       :    Chef Gerhard Brill, Commander's Palace Restaurant, New
  Orleans
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE & PARSLEY FRITTATA ALA THE SAVORY
 Categories: Artichokes, Eggs
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
        3 lg artichokes
  :          juice of 1 large lemon
        3 TB virgin olive oil -- (up to 5
        TB )
        1 lg garlic clove -- sliced
  :          salt
       15    peppercorns -- coarsely
  :          ground in
  :          mortar
      1/2 c  parsley -- finely chopped
        6    eggs -- lightly beaten
  :       cn use up to 8 eggs in this
  :          recipe
      1/2 c  coarsely grated Romano
  :          cheese
  
  Break off the hard outer leaves of the artichokes; then cut off the
  top two thirds of the greens. Trim the outsides, cut the artichokes
  into quarters, and immediately put them in a bowl with cold water to
  cover and the lemon juice. Remove the choke from each piece with a
  knife; then thinly slice each quarter into 3 or 4 pieces and return
  them to the water. Just before cooking, remove the pieces from the
  water and blot them dry with a towel.
  
  Heat 2 or 3 tablespoons of the olive oil in an 8-inch frying pan with
  the garlic. When the garlic colors, remove it and then add the drained
  artichokes. Give pan a shake right away to coat the pieces with oil,
  then season with salt and pepper and add about 2 tablespoons of the
  parsley. Saute' until the artichokes browned and thoroughly cooked.
  
  Beat the eggs, season them lightly with salt, and add the rest of the
  parsley, cheese, and the cooked artichokes. Wipe out the pan, add
  enough of the remaining oil just to coat the bottom, and pour in the
  eggs. Give the pan a shake to loosen the eggs, then lower the heat.
  Cook, covered, until the bottom is golden. Slide the frittata onto a
  plate, then turn it back into the pan, with the opposite side down,
  and continue to cook until it is also nicely colored. Serve warm or
  at room temperature, sliced into wedges.
  
  This Italian-style omelet can be cooked either at the last minute and
  served warm. or, to make it easier on the cook, ahead of time and
  served at room temperature The artichokes are first fried in olive
  oil with pepper and parsley and then cooked with the eggs. Use a
  nonstick or seasoned frying pan to keep eggs from sticking. Makes 1
  frittata, serving 4 to 6
  
  Deborah Madison, The Savory Way -- she was founding chef of San
  Francisco's Greens restaurant and is author of The Greens Cookbook.
  Adapted for Mastercook by Brenda <adamsfmle@aol.com>
  
  Recipe By     : Deborah Madison, The Savory Way
  
  From: Adamsfmle@aol.Com               Date: Wed, 9 Oct 1996 15:53:43
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE & ROASTED RED PEPPER FRITTATA
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        2 c  Red Onions -- thinly sliced
        2 TB Butter Or Olive Oil
       10 oz Frozen Artichoke Hearts --
  :          thawed and quartered
        2 lg Red Bell Peppers; -- roasted
  :          seeded and
        2 TB Minced Fresh Herbs -- *see
  :          notes
        6 lg Eggs -- lightly beaten
      1/4 c  Crumbled Feta Cheese
  :          Salt And Freshly Ground
  :          Pepper -- to taste
  
  Oven 350=B0 F.
  
  In a 9 or 10-inch non-stick oven proof skillet, sautJ onions in butter
  until softened and just beginning to color. Add artichoke hearts and
  continue to cook for a minute or two longer. Add red pepper, herbs,
  eggs, cheese, salt and pepper and stir until eggs just begin to set.
  Gently lift frittata and tilt skillet to evenly distribute any
  uncooked eggs.
  
  Place in a preheated 375 degree oven (or under a broiler at least 3
  inches from heat) and cook until top is just set. Run a rubber or
  wooden spatula around skillet to loosen frittata and invert onto a
  serving plate. Serve warm or at room temperature.
  
  Yield: 4-6 as an appetizer
  
  Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
  
  NOTES : Show 10/24
  
  *Dill, tarragon, chives, chervil, parsley or a combination.
  
  Recipe By     : COOKING RIGHT SHOW #CR9746
  
  From: Bill Spalding <billspa@icanect.Ne
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE & SPINACH STUFFED SHELLS
 Categories: Pastanoodle, Italian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 pk Frozen spinach; chopped and
      1 c  Frozen artichokes; thawed
     12    Pasta shells; jumbo, uncooke
      1 c  Ricotta cheese, part skim mi
      2 tb Basil; chopped
      1 tb Parsley; chopped
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/3 c  Nonfat sour cream
      2 cn Stewed tomatoes; undrained a
           ; chopped
      8 oz Tomato sauce
      2 tb Cornstarch
  1 1/2 tb Basil; chopped
           Vegetable cooking spray
           Basil sprigs; optional
 
  Recipe by: Cooking Light 1994, p. 143 Cook spinach and artichoke
  hearts according to package directions, omitting salt; drain well.
  Chop artichoke hearts, and set aside. Cook shells according to
  package and set separately on a piece of wax paper. Position knife
  blade in food processor bowl; add spinach, ricotta cheese, and next 4
  ingredients. Process 30 seconds or until smooth. Transfer to a bowl;
  stir in choped artichokes and sour cream. Combine stewed tomatoes,
  tomato sauce, cornstarch, and 1-1/2 tablespons basil in a saucepan;
  stir well. Cook over medium heat until thickened, stirring
  frequently. Spoon 1 cup tomato mixture in botton of an 1 x 7 x
  1/2-inch baking dish coated with cooking spray. Spoon spinach mixture
  evenly into shells.  Place shells on sauce in baking dish. Spoon
  remaining sauce on top of the shells. Bake uncovered at 350x for 30
  minutes or until bubbling. Garnish with basil sprigs, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE APPETIZER
 Categories: Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           Jane harris DRKD50A
      4    Eggs; beaten
    1/2 lb Cheddar cheese; grated
     12 oz Jars marinated artichokes;
           -cut up
           Salt & pepper to taste
           Dash of tabasco
      3    Green onions; chopped fine
      6    Soda crackers; crushed
      1    Clove garlic; crushed
 
  Saute' onions and garlic in artichoke oil; then drain. Mix all
  ingredients and spread in greased 8x8" pan. Bake at 325 for 30 min.
  Can be baked, frozen and re- heated. This recipe was a great success
  at a party Christmas Eve. Hope you like it. Let me know. Happy New
  Year to you!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE BAKE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Parmesian cheese
      1 c  Mayonaise
      1    Dash of tabasco
      1    Dash of garlic salt
      2 cn Artichokes
 
  Tear artichoke hearts into small bits.  Mix remaining ingredients.
  Bake 350 degrees until bubbly.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE BASKETS WITH CAPER DIP
 Categories: Vegetables, Dips
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Artichokes (about 12oz each)
    1/2 c  Fat free mayonnaise
      1 cl Garlic, minced
      1 tb Small capers, OR
      1 sm Pickle, chopped
      1 tb Caper or pickle brine
 
  Impress your favorite valentine with these lovely artichoke baskets
  filled with a creamy fat free dip. FOR ARTICHOKES: With sharp knife,
  cut off stems. With scissors, snip off prickly tips. Rinse and shake
  ff water. Wrap artichokes in plastic wrap and place on microwave safe
  plate or place in a microwave safe casserole. Add 1/4 cup water and
  cover. Place in microwave and cook on high 5-1/2 to 8-1/2 minutes
  until lower leaves can be pulled off and base pierces easily with fork
  
  rotate and rearrange halfway through cooking.  Let stand 3-5 minutes.
  
  TO PREPARE DIP: In small bowl combine mayonnaise, garlic, capers and
  caper brine.
  
  TO PREPARE BASKET:  Remove 1/4 of one side of artichoke leaves;
  reserve leaves
  
   Carefully remove and discard the choke.  Place on small plate. Fill
  inside of basket with caper kip and allow some to spill out onto the
  plate. Chill until ready to serve. If desired serve with reserved
  artichoke leaves. NOTE* If desired, artichokes can be cooked on stove
  top. Place trimmed artichokes stem side down in small saucepot just
  big enough to hold them snugly.  Pour boiling water to a depth of 1
  inch,cover and steam 45 minutes over medium heat until done as above.
  With tongs, remove from pot; drain. Makes 2 servings, 129 calories
  each.
  
  Origin: Women's World, February 16, 1993 Shared by: Sharon Stevens
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE BISQUE
 Categories: Soups, Beef
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      8 tb Flour
     16 oz Butter
      6 c  Beef Stock
      2    Ribs Celery - finely chopped
      3 lg Onions - finely chopped
      1 bn Green Onions - finely
           -chopped
      2    Bay Leaves
    1/4 ts Thyme
      2    Clove Garlic - minced
      2 cn Artichoke Hearts - (2 14-oz.
           -cans) (UNDRAINED)
           Salt and black pepper - to
           -taste
    1/4 ts Tabasco
      1 c  White Wine - dry
      4 oz Light Cream
      2 tb Parsley - minced
 
  Melt the butter in a heavy pot and add the flour. Over a low heat
  cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Slowly add the stock and
  when well mixed, add the celery, onions, greeen onions, bay leaves,
  thyme and garlic. Let this simmer for 45 minutes.
  
  Chop the artichoke hearts fairly fine and then add to the pot along
  with the artichoke water.  Cook at a low simmer for another 30
  minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste, the Tabasco, wine and cream
  and bring to a simmer. Do NOT boil.  The bisque is now ready to serve.
  
  Sprinkle a bit of parsley over the bisque in each plate. With a slice
  of French bread, it's a Creole treat for your bon appetit.
  
  Recipe from Leon E.  Soniat in his "Creole Kitchen" column in the
  Times-Picayune.
  
  Posted by Michelle Bass. Courtesy of Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE BOTTOMS WITH BAY SCALLOPS
 Categories: Appetizers, Seafood
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Scallops, bay, washed
      1 c  Bread crumbs, fresh, fine
      3 tb Parsley, fresh, minced
    1/2 ts Tarragon, dried
    1/4 c  Celery, minced
      2    Garlic, cloves, minced
     28 oz Artichoke bottoms, drained
           (2-14 oz cans)
           Oil, canola, for brushing
           On grill rack
 
  Mix scallops, bread crumbs, parsley, tarragon, celery and garlic in a
  bowl. Gently mound filling into artichoke bottoms.
  
  Prepare grill.  When coals are hot, set artichokes on grill rack,
  brushed with oil, about 4 to 6 inches from heat source. Cover grill.
  Cook stuffed artichokes for about 3 minutes or until scallops are
  opaque. Using a long-handled spatula, transfer artichoke bottoms to
  serving dish. Serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE CHILI DIP
 Categories: Dips, Chili
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 cn (14-oz) artichoke hearts
           -drained and chopped
      1 c  Grated parmesan cheese
      1 cn (4-oz) green chili peppers
           -chopped
      1 c  Mayonnaise
 
  Tortilla chips for dipping
  
  In a small mixing bowl combine artichokes, cheese, peppers and
  mayonnaise. Transfer mixture to an 8 inch round baking dish. Bake,
  uncovered, in a 350 degree oven for 20 minutes. Serve warm with
  tortilla chips.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE CHOWDER
 Categories: Soups, Vegetables
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      1 tb Olive Oil
    1/2 c  Onions; Chopped
      1 c  Mushrooms; Sliced
      8 oz Artichokes; Canned, *
      2 c  Chicken Broth
    1/2 c  Green Peas
      4 tb Unbleached Flour
      2 c  Evaporated Skimmed Milk
      1 x  Salt & Pepper; To Taste
 
  *    Drain and chop the canned artichokes.
  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++++++
  
  In a large saucepan heat the oil and saute the onions. Add the
  mushrooms, artichokes, and broth.  Cook about 5 minutes or until
  tender. Add the peas. Blend the flour into the evaporated milk and
  add to the mixture in the pan. Cook for 5 to 7 minutes or until
  slightly thickened. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE CROUSTADES
 Categories: Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     18 sl Soft white bread; crusts
           -removed
      3 tb Unsalted butter; melted
      6 oz Marinated artichoke hearts
           -drained & finely chopped
      3 tb Mayonnaise
      1 tb Scallion; finely chopped
           -chop some of tops/garnish
    1/4 c  Parmesan cheese; grated
      1 tb Parmesan cheese; grated
 
  Roll each bread slice flat with a rolling pin and trim it to form a 2
  1/2" square.  Brush both sides of the squares lightly with the butter
  and fit th squares into gem muffin tins, pressing the bread against
  the sides of the tins.  Bake the croustades in the middle of a
  preheated 350 deg. oven 12-14 minutes, oruntil the edges are pale
  golden. These may be made 2 days in advance & kept in an airtight
  container. In a bowl stir together the artich hearts, mayonnaise, 1
  tb of the scallion, 1/4 c of the Parmesan, and salt & pepper to
  taste. Divide the mixture by heaping teaspoons among the croustad and
  sprinkle the remaining Parmesan on top. Broil the croustades under a
  preheated broiler about 6" from the heat, being careful not to let
  the croustade edges burn, for 1 minute, or until the filling is
  bubbling. Garni the croustades with the scallion green and arrange 3
  of them on each of 6 small plates. From Best of Gourmet 1992.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE DIP
 Categories: Appetizers, Cheese, Dips, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     14 oz Artichoke Hearts; 1 Cn, *
    1/4 c  Parmesan Cheese; Grated
    1/4 c  Romano Cheese; Grated
      1 c  Mozzarella Cheese; Shredded
      1 ea Garlic Clove; Small, Minced
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise

MMMMM--------------------------GARNISH-------------------------------
      1 x  Paprika
 
  *    The artichoke hearts should not be marinated Artichoke Hearts.
  Just
       the plain ones.
  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++++++ Rinse and rain the artichoke hearts, then remove
  and discard the fuzzy chokes. Chop the artichoke hearts. Mix all of
  the ingredients, blending well and place in a greased 1 1/2 quart
  casserole. Dust the top of the mixture lightly with paprika. Bake at
  325 degrees F. for 25 minutes and serve hot in a chafing dish. Makes
  about 3 cups of dip. SUGGESTED DIPPERS: French Or Italian Bread,
  Water Crackers, Snow Peas, Carrots, Salami Slices, Seafood Chunks
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE DIP #2
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     10 oz Frozen artichoke hearts
      1 c  Sour cream
      1 c  Mayonnaise
    1/2 c  Grated Parmesan cheese
 
  PREHEAT OVEN TO 375F. Defrost artichoke hearts and drain. Mix
  together sour cream, mayonnaise and Parmesan cheese. Add artichoke
  hearts and mix thoroughly. Turn into a baking dish and bake until hot
  and bubbly.
  
  Makes 3 Cups
  
  PETER KUMP - PRODIGY GUEST CHEFS COOKBOOK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE DIP - DIPANCRAZIO
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn Artichoke hearts
      1 c  Mayonnaise
    1/2 c  Parmiggiano cheese
      1    Cl Garlic; (1-2 cloves)
      2 ds Of cayenne pepper (to taste)
      1 ds Lemon juice
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  Recipe by: Anna DIPANCRAZIO Put the artichoke hearts in a food
  processor until they are cut up into sma
  
  Pour into a microwaveable dish and microwave on High for 5 minutes.
  When do
  
  If you don't have a microwave, you can put it into a
      350    degree oven for 10
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE DIP - GOOD SEASONS
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn Artichoke hearts
      1 c  Mayo
      1 pk Good seasons italian salad d
 
  Open hearts and drain.  Chop with fork adding dressing mix and mayo.
  Mix w Better after chilled a couple of hours.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE DIP 1
 Categories: Dips, Appetizers
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Parmesan cheese
      1 c  Mayonnaise
  1 1/2 cn Artichoke hearts
      1 x  Garlic powder
 
     Combine equal amounts Parmesan cheese and mayonnaise. Add garlic
  powder. Add artichoke hearts and combine with cheese mixture. May be
  served cold or heated 10 to 20 minutes in 350F oven or until cheese
  is melted (do not heat in microwave).  Serve with chips or as a
  spread on french bread.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE DIP II
 Categories: Dips, Appetizers
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 cn Artichoke heats unmarinated
      4 oz Green chiles
      1 c  Mayonnaise(no salad dressing
      1 c  Parmeasan cheese
 
     Drain artichoke  hearts and break apart.  Cut up green chiles. Mix
  all ingredients together.  Bake at 350F for 30 minutes. Serve wit
  tostada chips.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE DIP III
 Categories: Appetizers, Dips, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     10 oz Frozen artichoke hearts
      1 c  Sour cream
      1 c  Mayonnaise
    1/2 c  Grated Parmesan cheese
 
  PREHEAT OVEN TO 375F. Defrost artichoke hearts and drain. Mix
  together sour cream, mayonnaise and Parmesan cheese. Add artichoke
  hearts and mix thoroughly. Turn into a baking dish and bake until hot
  and bubbly. Makes 3 Cups
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE FRITTATA
 Categories: Eggs, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 md Artichokes
      2 tb Olive oil
      3    Garlic cloves, peeled,
           -minced
      3 sm Red potatoes (about 1/2
           -pound),  grated
      8    Eggs, well beaten
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Freshly ground black pepper
      1 tb Chopped fresh oregano
      1 tb Minced fresh chives
      1 ts Minced fresh rosemary
 
  This thick and sturdy herbed omelet lets the full flavor of fresh
  artichokes shine through.
  
  Prepare artichokes (see recipe for Young Artichokes and Fava Beans
  Stewed in Olive Oil) and cut them into 1/2-inch cubes.
  
  Heat the olive oil in a medium-sized, heavy-bottomed skillet over
  medium heat.  Add the garlic and saute until translucent, 2 to 3
  minutes. Reduce heat slightly and add the artichoke cubes; saute
  until tender, about 10 minutes, stirring often.  Add the grated
  potatoes and cook for another 5 minutes.  Add the eggs, salt, pepper
  and herbs.
  
  To set the eggs, let them cook for 2 or 3 minutes, without stirring,
  then lift the set edges and tilt the skillet slightly to let the
  uncooked egg run underneath. Repeat until the egg is set.
  
  Serve hot or cold, cut into wedges.
  
  Serves 4.
  
  PER SERVING:  335 calories, 18 g protein, 31 g carbohydrate, 18 g fat
  (4 g saturated), 422 mg cholesterol, 524 mg sodium, 10 g fiber.
  
  From the San Francisco Chronicle, 4/23/93.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; May 11 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE FRITTERS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Artichoke hearts, cooked and
           -diced
      4    Eggs, separated
      1 ts Baking powder
      3    Green onions, chopped (green
           -parts only)
      1 tb Grated lemon peel
    1/2 c  Flour
           Salt and pepper to taste
      1 tb Cornstarch
      4 c  Oil for frying, Peanut or
           -corn oil
 
  Place artichoke hearts in a large bowl and stir in egg yolks and
  baking powder.  Add green onion.  Fold in lemon peel. Mix in flour,
  salt and pepper. In a separate bowl, beat egg whites and cornstarch
  together until peaks form. Fold egg whites into artichoke mixture.
  Heat oil to 360 degrees.  With a tablespoon, drop half dollar sized
  dollops of fritter batter into oil. Fry until golden brown,
  maintaining oil at 360 degrees. Remove fritters with a slotted spoon
  and drain on paper towels. See recipes for Sfuzzi's Asparagus
  Mushroom Salad and Basil Vinaigrette.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE GONDOLAS
 Categories: Appetizers, Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 lg Artichokes, fresh
    3/4 c  Sun-dried tomatoes
      1 sm Eggplant, peeled & diced
      2 c  Vegetable stock
    1/4 c  Onion, chopped
      1 tb Basil, chopped
      1 tb Oregano, chopped
      2 ea Garlic cloves, minced
    1/4 ts Black pepper
 
  Prepare the artichokes by washing under running water, pulling off the
  tough outer leaves & trimming the stem so that it can stand upright.
  Steam until a petal near the centre pulls out easily, depending on
  the size of the artichoke, this can take anywhere from 25 to 40
  minutes. Remove from steamer.
  
  Halve artichokes lengthwise, remove & discard the centre petals & the
  fuzzy centres.  Remove outer leaves & reserve. Trim out the hearts &
  chop finely. Set aside.
  
  Pour boiling water over the sun-dried tomatoes & let stand for 10
  minutes before draining.  Set aside. Meanwhile, simmer the eggplant
  in the stock for 10 minutes, drain.
  
  Blend the eggplant, tomatoes & the rest of the ingredients in a
  processor until smooth.  Stir in the artichoke hearts. Arrange
  artichoke leaves on a serving platter.  Spoon one teaspoon of the dip
  onto the wide end of each leaf & serve.
  
  "Vegetarian Gourmet, Special Low-Fat Issue" 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE GRATIN
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Jerusalem artichokes
           -- thinly sliced
           -- (prepared weight given)
           Salt
           Pepper
           Crushed garlic
      7 fl Stock
           Butter
           Cream; hot
           Parsley; chopped
 
  Put the sliced artichokes into a well-buttered gratin dish or shallow
  flameproof casserole, seasoning with the salt, pepper, and the merest
  hint of crushed garlic between layers. Press down firmly, pour on the
  stock and dot with butter.  Cook in a moderate oven or over a gentle
  flame until the vegetables are tender but not disintegrated and most
  of the liquid has been absorbed.  Drizzle on some hot cream and let
  it slither down between layers.  Warm through briefly and serve
  sprinkled with parsley.
  
  Source: Philippa Davenport in "Country Living" (British), November
  1988. Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE HEART & ASPARAGUS SALAD WITH STRAWB
 Categories: Salads, Appetizers, Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      6 ea Baby artichokes
      1 lb Asparagus
     12 ea Lettuce leaves
    1/3 c  Carrots, shredded
    1/3 c  Red cabbage, shredded

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Soy milk
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 c  Strawberries, sliced
      2 ts Liquid sweetener
    1/4 ts Allspice
 
  Prepare & cook the artichokes as described in the recipe for
  "Artichoke Gondolas".  Halve artichokes lengthwise, remove & discard
  the centre petals & fuzzy centres. Remove & reserve the outer leaves.
  Trim out the hearts & chop finely.  Cover & set aside.
  
  Bring about an inch of water to a boil in a large skillet. Snap off
  the tough ends of the asparagus & discard. Cook asparagus uncovered
  until tender. Remove from water & chill.
  
  DRESSING: Blend together all ingredients until smooth. Transfer to a
  small bowl & chill.
  
  ASSEMLY: Arrange lettuce leaves on individual salad plates. Arrange
  artichoke hearts, asparagus spears, carrot & cabbage on top. Spoon
  dressing over the plates & serve, garnished with reserved artichoke
  leaves.
  
  "Vegetarian Gourmet, Special Low-Fat Issue" 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE HEART DIP
 Categories: Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      1 c  Mayonnaise or sour cream
      1 c  Parmesan cheese; grated
      2 cn Artichoke hearts;
           -water-packed
      1 ds Garlic powder
      1 ds Paprika
 
  Cut artichoke hearts into small pieces.  Mix all ingredients together
  except paprika.  Put into baking dish and sprinkle paprika on top for
  color.  Bake at 350 degrees F. for 20 minutes or until bubbly. Serve
  with crackers or baguette thins.  People usually rave about this one!
  
                              from the rec.food.recipes archives
  Submitted By LISE WARING <HOBBIT@MAIL.UTEXAS.EDU> On TUE, 19 DEC 1995
  093922 GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE HEARTS & POTATOES COOKED IN OIL & L
 Categories: Vegetables, Side dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ts Whole fennel seeds
      1 ts Whole black peppercorns
      2 ts Whole coriander seeds
      2    Whole bay leaves
      4    Garlic cloves; peeled,
           -- and lightly mashed
      3 tb Lemon juice; plus...
      1    Whole lemon
    1/2 c  Olive oil
  1 1/2 ts Salt; or to taste
    1/4 ts Sugar
      1    Boiling potato (about 8 oz.)
      1 sm Onion
 
  Tie up the fennel, peppercorns, coriander seeds, bay leaves, and
  garlic in a cheesecloth bundle and drop into a 2-1/2 quart pot. Add 2
  cups water and bring to a boil. Cover, turn heat to low and simmer 20
  minutes. Turn off the heat and remove the cheesecloth bundle,
  squeezing out as much liquid as possible.  Add the lemon juice, olive
  oil, salt, and sugar. Mix and set aside.
  
  Halve the lemon.  Cut off the long artichoke stems, if there are any.
  1. Starting near the stem end, press back the artichoke leaves, one
  by one, and then snap them off. Keep doing this until you have gone
  past the bowl part of the artichoke that harbors the heat and have
  reached the paler inner leaves.  Using a sharp knife (a serrated one
  is particularly good), cut off the remaining leafy area and discard
  it. Immediately rub all cut sections with a lemon half. 2. Scoop away
  the "choke" in the center of the artichoke with a grapefruit spoon.
  Squeeze a little lemon juice into this area and rub it in. 3. Using a
  sharp paring knife, trim the outside of the artichoke bowl so there
  are no more dark green sections left and the bowl gets a smooth
  appearance. Rub these newly cut sections with lemon. Cut each
  artichoke heart into four, again rubbing cut sections with lemon. Cut
  and prepare the remaining artichokes the same way.
  
  Peel the potato and cut into sections that seem roughly the same size
  as the pieces of artichoke heart.
  
  Peel the onion and cut it into eight sections.
  
  Put the artichoke hearts, potatoes, and onion into prepared liquid and
  bring to a boil.  Cover, lower heat and simmer for about 12 minutes.
  Remove a piece of potato and a piece of artichoke. Cut off sections
  of each and taste for doneness and balance of salt and lemon. You may
  add more of either seasoning at this time if you wish. Cover and
  simmer another 3 to 7 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Uncover
  and cool the vegetables in the liquid.  You may refrigerate the
  contents of the pot if you wish.
  
  When serving, remove the cool (or cold) vegetables with a slotted
  spoon. Do not serve the liquid.
  
  Source: Madhur Jaffrey's World-of-the-East Vegetarian Cooking Typed
  for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE HEARTS & POTATOES COOKED IN OIL A
 Categories: Armenian, Vegetables, Side dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ts Whole fennel seeds
      1 ts Whole black peppercorns
      2 ts Whole coriander seeds
      2    Whole bay leaves
      4    Garlic cloves; peeled,
           -- and lightly mashed
      3 tb Lemon juice; plus...
      1    Whole lemon
    1/2 c  Olive oil
  1 1/2 ts Salt; or to taste
    1/4 ts Sugar
      1    Boiling potato (about 8 oz.)
      1 sm Onion
 
  Tie up the fennel, peppercorns, coriander seeds, bay leaves, and
  garlic in a cheesecloth bundle and drop into a 2-1/2 quart pot. Add 2
  cups water and bring to a boil. Cover, turn heat to low and simmer 20
  minutes. Turn off the heat and remove the cheesecloth bundle,
  squeezing out as much liquid as possible.  Add the lemon juice, olive
  oil, salt, and sugar. Mix and set aside.
  
  Halve the lemon.  Cut off the long artichoke stems, if there are any.
  1. Starting near the stem end, press back the artichoke leaves, one
  by one, and then snap them off. Keep doing this until you have gone
  past the bowl part of the artichoke that harbors the heat and have
  reached the paler inner leaves.  Using a sharp knife (a serrated one
  is particularly good), cut off the remaining leafy area and discard
  it. Immediately rub all cut sections with a lemon half. 2. Scoop away
  the "choke" in the center of the artichoke with a grapefruit spoon.
  Squeeze a little lemon juice into this area and rub it in. 3. Using a
  sharp paring knife, trim the outside of the artichoke bowl so there
  are no more dark green sections left and the bowl gets a smooth
  appearance. Rub these newly cut sections with lemon. Cut each
  artichoke heart into four, again rubbing cut sections with lemon. Cut
  and prepare the remaining artichokes the same way.
  
  Peel the potato and cut into sections that seem roughly the same size
  as the pieces of artichoke heart.
  
  Peel the onion and cut it into eight sections.
  
  Put the artichoke hearts, potatoes, and onion into prepared liquid and
  bring to a boil.  Cover, lower heat and simmer for about 12 minutes.
  Remove a piece of potato and a piece of artichoke. Cut off sections
  of each and taste for doneness and balance of salt and lemon. You may
  add more of either seasoning at this time if you wish. Cover and
  simmer another 3 to 7 minutes or until vegetables are tender. Uncover
  and cool the vegetables in the liquid.  You may refrigerate the
  contents of the pot if you wish.
  
  When serving, remove the cool (or cold) vegetables with a slotted
  spoon. Do not serve the liquid.
  
  Source: Madhur Jaffrey's World-of-the-East Vegetarian Cooking Typed
  for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE HEARTS & PROSCIUTTO
 Categories: Vegetables, Meats
      Yield: 14 Servings
 
     14 oz Can artichoke hearts,
           -drained and cut in half
    1/3 lb Prosciutto, sliced
           -paper thin
    1/4 c  Olive oil
    1/2 ts Dried thyme
    1/2 ts Finely grated orange peel
           Freshly ground pepper
 
  An easy to prepare and elegant finger food! Artichoke hearts are
  wrapped in paper thin slices of prosciutto and then marinated in an
  orange-thyme imbued olive oil. The salt-cured Italian ham complements
  the bland flavor of the artichoke hearts. 1. Wrap each artichoke
  heart in a slice of prosciutto and secure with a toothpick.
  
  2. In a separate bowl, whisk together the olive oil, thyme, orange
  peel, and pepper. Pour the dressing over the roll-ups and let
  marinate 1 to 2 hours or as much as overnight.
  
  3. Serve at room temperature.
  
  12 to 16 roll-ups
  
  Source(including opening narrative): The Uncommon Gourmet by Ellen
  Helman
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE HEARTS & PROSCIUTTO
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     14 oz Can artichoke hearts, draine
    1/3 lb Prosciutto, sliced paper thi
    1/4 c  Olive oil
    1/2 ts Dried thyme
    1/2 ts Finely grated orange peel
           Freshly ground pepper to tas
 
  Recipe by: The Uncommon Gourmet by Ellen Helman An easy to prepare and
  elegant finger food! Artichoke hearts are wrapped in
  
  1. Wrap each artichoke heart in a slice of prosciutto and secure with
  a too
  
  2. In a separate bowl, whisk together the olive oil, thyme, orange
  peel, an
  
       3.    Serve at room temperature.
  
  12 to 16 roll-ups
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE HEARTS & PROSCUITTO
 Categories: Appetizers, Pork, Italian
      Yield: 12 Roll-ups
 
     14 oz Artichoke hearts; drained/
           -halved
      4 oz Prosciutto;sliced paper thin
    1/4 c  Olive oil
    1/2 ts Thyme, dried
    1/2 ts Orange zest
           Pepper, black; to taste
 
  Wrap each artichoke heart in a slice of prosciutto and secure with a
  toothpick.
  
  In a separate bowl, whisk together the olive oil, thyme, orange peel,
  and pepper. Pour the dresing over the roll-ups and let marinate 1 to
  2 hours or as much as overnight.
  
  Serve at room temperature.
  
                      The Uncommon Gourmet
                      by Ellen Helman
                      per mnh@catfish.ocpt.ccur.com (Michele Hardy)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE HEARTS TOSCANA
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-fat/low
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Oil -- from dried tomatoes
      2    Cloves garlic -- minced or
           Pressed
      1 lg Onion -- chopped
      1 lb Mushrooms -- sliced
      2 oz Prosciutto -- sliced,
           Chopped
    1/2 ts Dried sage
    1/4 c  Sun-dried tomatoes,
           Oil-packed -- drained and
           Chopped
    3/4 c  Dry white wine
    1/2 c  Water
     15    Artichoke hearts
           Salt and pepper
 
  In a 10- to 12-inch frying pan over medium-high heat, combine oil,
  garlic, onion, mushrooms and prosciutto. Cook, stirring occasionally,
  until onion is golden and mushrooms are brown and glazed, 15 to 20
  minutes. Mix in sage, tomatoes, wine, water and artichokes; bring to
  a boil. Simmer, covered, until artichokes are tender when pierced,
  about 45 minutes; stir occasionally. Season to taste with salt and
  pepper. makes 4 to 6 servings.
  
  Recipe By     : Sunset Magazine
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE HEARTS VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Appetizers, Vegetables, Salads, Microwave
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     28 oz Canned artichoke hearts
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine
           Flour
    1/3 c  Butter or margarine,
           -melted
           -Vinaigrette Dressing
           -(recipe)
 
  1. Drain liquid from artichoke hearts and discard. 2. In a small,
  heat-resistant, non-metallic bowl melt the 1/4 cup butter or
  margarine in Microwave Oven 30 seconds. 3. Dip artichoke hearts in
  melted butter and then lightly coat with flour. 4. Place the 1/3 cup
  melted butter or margarine in a 10-inch, heat-resistant, non-metallic
  pie pan or non-metallic skillet. 5. Place flour-coated artichokes in
  melted butter and heat, uncovered, in Microwave Oven 8 minutes. Turn
  artichoke hearts as needed to brown lightly. 6. While artichoke
  hearts are cooking, prepare Vinaigrette Dressing II (see recipe). 7.
  Just before serving, pour dressing over artichoke hearts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE HUMMUS
 Categories: Wasnone
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      2 c  Cooked garbanzo beans
      1 c  Artichoke hearts
      6    Cloves garlic
      2    Lemons
    1/2 ts Paprika
    1/2 ts Cumin
    1/2 ts Kosher salt
    1/2 ts White pepper
           Virgin olive oil
 
  Juice the lemons.  Combine all ingredients but the oil in the bowl of
  a food processor, turn on, and slowly drizzle in olive oil as the
  ingredients are being processed to a creamy consistency.
  
  Recipe By     : Lou Jane Temple, Death by Rhubarb Categories
  : Appetizers             Recipes From Mysteries
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE INFORMATION
 Categories: Info/tips, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Text Only
 
  The Aussie recipes I've been posting are from "Raw Materials", a
  column written by Meryl Constance for the Sydney Morning Herald. In
  each column she zeros in on a particular foodstuff, tells a bit about
  its uses and history and then presents recipes utilizing it. Nice
  format. Since I really like the style and content of the food
  sections that Mark sent over I'm posting her whole column on
  artichokes rather than just the recipes so folks here can get a feel
  for it. Here's the introductory material. The recipes follow in the
  next three posts.
  
  Globe artichokes are among the most beautiful of vegetables - witness
  their frequent appearance in still-life paintings. And for fineness
  of flavour and texture, they rank alongside that other luxury
  vegetable, asparagus.
  
  Yet fresh artichokes are greatly underused in this country and many
  people are only acquainted with the inferior tinned version, which is
  about as much like the real thing as tinned asparagus is like fresh.
  Globe artichokes are in season now and well worth seeking out.
  
  Besides their culinary virtues, they have health-food status, being
  low in kilojoules (about 90 kJ per I 00 g) and a source of various
  vitamins and minerals.
  
  At present, they cost about 60c to 80c each, though Raw Materials
  recently saw some magnificently fat specimens for $2 each in
  Leichhardt, where the Italian community knows how to appreciate them.
  They are said to have originated in Sicily and certainly they were
  developed into their modern form by Italian growers.
  
  Botanically, globe artichokes are thistle buds. Choose tightly furled
  artichokes which are as fat as possible. They will keep for a few
  days in the fridge, lightly wrapped in plastic, and even better if
  their stems are in water.  Before use, they should be soaked upside
  down in a sinkful of water to remove any dirt or insect residents.
  
  Australians' underuse of artichokes probably has a lot to do with
  lack of knowledge about how to deal with them and a vague idea that
  it is a complex matter with traps for the unwary.
  
  The trap, of course, is the aptly-named choke, a hairy inedible
  portion lurking at the heart of the vegetable, at the centre of the
  leaves and on top of the succulent base. Provided you know not to try
  eating it, it's no problem.
  
  Another daunting factor is the instruction, given in so many recipe
  books, to snip off the top third of each leaf - fiddly and
  unnecessary (unless you chance across the rare spinella variety,
  which is cone-shaped and has a little thorn at the tip of each leaf).
  
  When artichokes are served whole, plainly boiled and with a dipping
  sauce, as an entree, there is no need to trim the leaves at all. In
  fact, to do so dims their beauty as an object on the plate. The diner
  pulls away each leaf by the tip, dips the base in the sauce and draws
  the base of the leaf through the teeth to scrape off the meaty flesh
  there. Used leaves are piled to one side until all have been
  detached.  Then it is just a matter of removing the choke with a
  spoon or knife, before enjoying the best part of all, the base. The
  whole process is a little ritual.
  
  But many artichoke recipes are less reverent and are designed to let
  the diner eat the whole vegetable with no mucking about.
  
  For these, it's just a matter of slicing off the whole top of the
  vegetable, leaving between a half and two thirds. Discard a couple of
  layers of the tough outside leaves and tidy up the base (leave as
  much as you can).  If the artichokes are to be halved or quartered,
  it is easy to see and remove the choke.  If they are to be served
  whole, pull and cut out the innermost leaves and open out the centre
  so that you can scrape out the fibrous white choke with a teaspoon.
  
  Cut surfaces of an artichoke blacken very quickly, so immediately rub
  them with a lemon and drop the artichoke pieces into water acidulated
  with lemon juice (or vinegar at a pinch) until you are ready to deal
  with them. Don't cook them in aluminium or they will go black
  immediately.
  
  From "Raw Materials" by Meryl Constance, The Syndey Morning Herald,
  10/13/92.  Courtesy Mark Herron.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; October 30 1992.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE KHORESH
 Categories: Artichokes, Chicken, Persian, Stew
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
    1 1/2 lb chicken legs, skinless --
  :          cut up and defatted
        2 TB olive oil
        2 md onions -- peel thinly slice
        1 ts salt
      1/4 ts freshly ground black pepper
      1/2 ts ground saffron -- dissolved
  :          in
        2 TB hot water
      1/4 ts turmeric
        3 c  chopped fresh parsley
      1/2 c  chopped fresh mint
        5 TB fresh lime juice
        1 lb fresh artichoke hearts
  
  STEP #1 - Heat a non-stick saute pan and lightly brown chicken. Add 1
  tablespoon oil and the onion. Fry over medium heat, stirring
  occasionally, for 20 minutes or until onion becomes translucent. Add
  salt, pepper, saffron water, and turmeric. Pour in 1 1/2 cups water.
  Cover and simmer over low heat for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.
  
  STEP #2 - In a non-stick skillet, fry the parsley and mint in 1
  tablespoon oil over medium heat for 10 minutes and add to the chicken.
  
  STEP #3 - Add lime juice and the artichoke hearts to the chicken.
  Cover and simmer for 40 to 55 minutes over low heat.
  
  STEP #4 - Check to see if the artichoke hearts are tender. Taste the
  khoresh and adjust seasoning. Transfer it to a deep casserole. Cover
  and place in a warm oven until ready to serve.
  
  STEP #5 - Serve hot from the same dish with steamed basmati; cook it
  very slowly with a very tight fitting lid. Add salt to water to help
  rice withstand a longer cooking time.
  
  Nush-e jan! (Enjoy this food of life.)
  
  VARIATIONS:  For *ab ghureh* substitute 3/4 cup unripe grape juice
  for the lime juice. Frozen (2 9-oz pkgs) or bottled artichokes may be
  substituted. Drain well. If pre-cooked, adjust cooking time, adding
  artichoke hearts when appropriate to step 3. Chicken can be replaced
  with 1 pound lean stew meat such as lamb, veal or beef, cut into 1
  inch cubes. In step 1, increase water to 2-1/2 cups; and simmer for
  55 minutes insteadof 30 minutes.
  
  Copyright (c) 1994 by Najmieh Khalili Batmanglij. Persian Cooking for
  a Healthy Kitchen. Washington, D.C: Mage (Pub 800 - 962-0922)
  [prepared for McRecipe by patH 09/22/1996 (Sun)]
  
  Recipe By     : Persian Cooking by Batmanglij
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE LINGUINE
 Categories: Pasta, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
  1/4 cup (1/2 stick) melted butter
        2 T  olive oil
        1 T  flour
        1 c  chicken broth
        1    garlic clove crushed
        1 T  minced fresh parsely 2-3 tsps. fresh lemon juice S & P to
  taste 1 14oz. can artichoke hearts, packed in water, drained and
  sliced 2 T freshly grated parmesan cheese 2 tsps. capers, rinsed and
  drained
      1/4    tsp salt 1 lb. linguine, cooked al dente/drained
      1/4    cup olive oil
        1 T  butter 1 T freshly grated parmesan cheese 2 oz. minced
  prosciutto or other ham (garnish)
  
  Melt butter with oil in small saucepan over medium heat. Add flour
  and stir until smooth about 3 minutes. Blend in broth, stirring until
  thickened, about 1 minute.  Reduce heat to low and add garlic,
  parsely, lemon juice, salt and pepper and cook about 5 minutes,
  stirring constantly. Blend in artichokes, cheese and capers. Cover
  and simmer about 8 minutes.
  
  Melt remaining butter in large skillet over medium heat. Stir in
  remaining oil, cheese and salt.  Add linguine and toss lightly.
  Arrange pasta on platter and pour sauce over. Garnish with prosciutto
  
  serves 4
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE NIBBLES
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        2 TB olive oil
        1    onion, -- finely chopped
        2    garlic cloves, -- peeled and
  :          finely chopped
        2    6-oz jar marinated artichoke
  :          hearts, -- drained and
  :          chopped
        4    eggs, -- lightly beaten
        1 ts salt
      1/5 c  fine dry breadcrumbs
  :          Freshly-ground black pepper
      1/4 ts Tabasco
      1/2 lb sharp cheddar cheese, --
  :          grated
        2 TB finely-chopped fresh
  :          parsley
        1 TB finely-chopped fresh
  :          oregano
  
  Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Grease a 9-inch square baking pan. Heat
  olive oil in a frying pan over medium-high heat, add onion and
  garlic, and cook until soft, about 5 minutes. In a medium mixing
  bowl, combine sauteed onions with artichoke hearts, eggs, salt,
  breadcrumbs, pepper, Tabasco, cheese, parsley and oregano. Mix well
  and pour into prepared pan. Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until set in
  center when lightly touched. Let cool in pan and cut into 1-inch
  squares. Yield: 8 to 10 servings.
  
  Recipe By     :WELL-STOCKED PANTRY SHOW#ND7007
  
                                        Date: Wed, 30 Oct 1996 11:15:52
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE OYSTER SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 tb Butter, melted
    1/2 c  Shallots (chopped fine)
    1/4 ts Thyme
      1    Bay leaf
    1/2 ts Cayenne pepper
      2 tb Flour
     14 oz Chicken broth
           -(more or less won't hurt)
      4 c  Oysters, drained; reserve
           -liquid (less, to taste)
     14 oz Artichoke hearts, cooked
      2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Tabasco
    1/2 c  Whipping cream
      3 tb Parsley (chopped, fresh)
 
  In a 3-quart casserole, melt butter and saute shallots. When shallots
  are translucent, add thyme, bay leaf and cayenne pepper. Add flour
  and whisk well.  Add broth, oyster water, artichoke hearts, salt and
  tabasco. Bring to a boil. Add oysters and parsley. Simmer on medium,
  partly covered, for exactly 5 minutes. Add whipped cream and serve
  immediately.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Chicken broth with artichokes and poached oysters ~- This is a
  modern cajun-style recipe that I adapted from a local
  convenience-food cookbook by Jean Durkee. It's an intriguing
  combination of modern American ingredients with traditional cajun
  flavorings.
  
  *  Fresh parsley tastes much better than dried parsley. If the
  oysters are bigger than a small bite-size, cut them up before adding
  them to the soup. Use the smallest oysters you can find.
  
  *  When I'm not making a double recipe, I usually dump the entire
  (about 1-cup) container of whipping cream into the soup, even though
  that's double what the recipe calls form.
  
  *  The timing on cooking the oysters is fairly critical. If you
  overcook them, they will be rubbery.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  20 minutes.
  : Precision:  measure the spices.
  
  : Deborah Pedersen
  : Microelectronics Computer Corporation, Austin TX
  : pedersen@mcchi2.ARPA
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE PASTA
 Categories: Vegetables, Pasta
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------HAND---------------------------------
      1 c  Durum semolina
  1 1/2 ts Dried parsley, optional
    1/4 c  To 1/3 marinated artichoke
           Hearts
      1 ts Lemon juice

MMMMM--------------------------EXTRUDER-------------------------------
  1 1/4 c  Durum semolina
      2 ts Dried parsley, optional
    1/4 c  Marinated artichoke hearts
  1 1/4 ts Lemon juice
 
  Puree artichokes in blender. No additional oil is needed in the
  extruder recipe as it is already in the marinade. If using fresh
  parsley in the hand recipe, triple the amount. Cook fresh and do not
  allow to dry.
  
  Per 1 cup Serving: 164calories 6.3g protein 33.1g carbohydrate 0.8g
  fat 9.5mg sodium
  
  The Pasta Machine Cookbook Donna Rathmell German ISBN: 1-55867-081-5
  Entered by Carolyn Shaw 4-95. > Submitted By AVION@ILINK.NIS.ZA
  (GARETH (00786130)) On SAT, 24 JUN 1995 025337 GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE PASTA SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables, Appetizers
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Salad macaroni
      6 oz Marinated artichoke hearts
    1/4 lb Mushrooms, sliced
      1 c  Halved cherry tomatoes
      1 c  Med pitted ripe olives
      1 tb Parsley
    1/2 ts Dry basil
 
  Cook macaroni according to package; drain well, rinse with cold water
  and drain again.  Turn into a large bowl. Add artichokes and their
  liquid, mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, olives, parsley and basil; toss
  gently. Cover and refrig for at least 4 hours. Before serving, season
  with salt and pepper to taste.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE PIE
 Categories: Vegetables, Salads
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      5    Cloves fresh garlic
      1 md Onion
      2 tb Butter
      3 lg Eggs
      1 c  Whipping cream
    1/2 c  Shredded Mozzarella cheese
    1/4 c  Grated Parmesan cheese
           Salt and pepper to taste
      1 cn 8 1/2 oz. artichoke hearts
      1    Unbaked 9-inch pastry shell
 
  Mince garlic and thinly slice onion.  Saute in butter until soft and
  golden (do not brown).  Beat eggs and add cream, cheeses, salt and
  pepper, and garlic-onion mixture. Drain and cut artichokes in
  quarters. Add to egg mixture and gently pour into pastry shell. Bake
  in hot oven (400 degrees) about 45 minutes until set. Serve warm or
  cold, as entree or appetizer. Makes 1 9-inch pie.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE PILAF
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Basmati rice
      4 lg Cloves garlic
           -wee bit olive oil
           -pinch each of dried thyme,
           - marjoram and basil
      3 c  Water.
      8    Canned (not marinated)
           -artichoke hearts
 
  Rinse rice several times, until rinse water runs clear. Saute garlic
  and herbs in olive oil until fragrant, about two minutes, being ultra
  careful not to scorch the garlic. Add rice and saute an other two or
  three minutes. Add artichoke hearts and saute another minute. Add
  water and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat and cook about fifteen
  minutes. Turn off burner and let sit five more minutes. Fluff with
  forks.
  
  Note:
  
  I got the idea for this while flipping through a book called
  _Trucs_of_ the_Trade_ @a bookstore one day.  I don't remember what
  all the guy called for, but this seemed like the logical accopaniment
  to the above. Shared by Bill Maddex
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE RICE SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  Hot cooked rice
     12 oz Marinated artichoke hearts
           -- drained, and
           -- coarsely chopped,
           -- reserving liquid
      4 oz Sliced fresh mushrooms
    1/2 c  Sliced green onions
    1/2 c  Chopped red or yellow pepper
    1/4 c  Grated Parmesan cheese
    1/8 ts Ground white pepper
  1 1/2 tb White wine vinegar
           Lettuce leaves
 
  Combine hot rice, artichoke hearts, mushrooms, onions, cheese, and
  pepper. Combine reserved liquid from artichokes and vinegar; shake to
  combine. Drizzle over salad. Spoon into individual lettuce-lined
  salad plates.
  
  Source: Seasonal Inspirations for Rice Reprinted with permission from
  USA Rice Council Electronic format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE RICE SALAD WITH DRESSING
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      2    Jars (6 oz) marinated
           Artichoke bottoms
      1    Bottle (4 oz) stuffed
           Green olives
      5    Green onions
    1/2    Green pepper, sliced
      1 pk Rice pilaf mix OR
           Chicken rice mix

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
    1/3 c  Mayonnaise
    1/2 ts Curry powder
      2    Jars marinade from
           Artichoke bottoms
 
  Cook rice according to package directions; let cool. Drain artichoke
  bottoms, reserving liquid.  Drain olives; discard their liquid. Chop
  artichoke bottoms, olives, onions, and pepper. Add to cooled rice and
  mix.
  
  Make the dressing by combining marinade from artichokes with other
  dressing ingredients.  Toss with rice salad. Refrigerate 1 hour.
  Serve when ready.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE RICE WITH OREGON HAZELNUTS
 Categories: Side dish, Vegetables, Grains
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     12 oz Marinated artichoke hearts
      1 c  Roasted & chopped hazelnuts
           -(Oregon hazelnuts)
      2 c  Minute rice
      2 c  Water
      2    Chicken bouillon cubes
      2 oz Chopped pimentos, drained
    1/4 c  Grated parmesan cheese
           Chopped parsley
 
  Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
  
  Drain artichoke marinade into cup and add enough water to equal 2
  cups. Add bouillon cubes and bring to a boil. Add rice and cover.
  Remove from heat and let stand 5 minutes. Stir in 1 jar of the
  artichokes, pimentos and cheese. Spoon into serving dish, top with
  remaining artichokes and hazelnuts. Sprinkle with parsley.
  
  * COOKFDN brings you this recipe with permission from: * Oregon
  Hazelnut Industry and The Hazelnut Marketing Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SALAD
 Categories: Cajun, Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      4 ea Fresh artichoke hearts
      1 tb Wine vinegar
      2 cn Artichoke hearts, quartered
      1 ts Louisiana hot sauce
      1 ea Small garlic clove
      2 ts Salt
      1 ts Lea & Perrins
      3 tb Olive oil
      1 tb Lemon juice
 
  In a wooden salad bowl, mash garlic and salt with a strong fork. Add
  fresh artichoke hearts, and mash with the garlic and salt. Add olive
  oil, stir, add lemon juice, stir, add wine vinegar, stir, stir, add
  hot sauce, stir, add Lea & Perrins Worcestershire sauce, Mix well.
  Put canned artichoke hearts in dressing and let marinate for 1 hour,
  then eat as is or serve on a bed of greens. From Justin Wilson's
  "Outdoor Cooking With Inside Help."
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SAUCES #1
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Mayonnaise
           Heinz chili sauce
 
  Mix mayonnaise and Heinz chili sauce until a pretty pink color
  (sorry, I don't know quantities.) Use sauce to dip the meaty ends of
  the leaves in.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SAUCES #2
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Non-fat yogurt
      1 tb Prepared horseradish
      1 pn Powdered mustard
 
  Mix yogurt with horseradish and mustard. Use other seasoning to
  taste. Mix well, refrigerate while artichoke is steaming.
  
         SOURCE: National Cooking Echo 04/16/90 Contributed to the echo
  by: Blanche Nonken & Ellen Cleary
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SAUTE
 Categories: Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 ea Artichokes
      1 ea Sm Onion, sliced
      2 tb Olive oil
    1/2 ts Tarragon, dried, crushed
    1/4 c  Water
      1 c  Mushrooms, sliced
      1 x  Lemon juice
      1 ea Cl Garlic, minced
      1 ts Sugar
    1/4 c  White wine, dry
      1 x  Salt and pepper to taste
      1 ea Tomato, seeded and chopped
 
      Bend back outer pedals of artichokes until they snap off easily
  near base. Edible portion of pedals should remain on artichoke
  hearts. Continue to snap off and discard pedals until central core of
  pale green pedals is reached.
      Cut off stems and top 2 inches of artichokes; discard. trim outer
  dark green layer from artichoke bottoms. Cut artichokes in half
  lengthwise.
      Cut out center pedals and fuzzy centers.
      Cut each half in fourths lengthwise. Dip or rub all surfaces with
  lemon juice.
      Saute onion and garlic in olive oil; stir in prepared artichokes,
  sugar, and terragon. Add wine and water and cook until artichokes are
  tender; salt and pepper to taste. Stir in mushrooms and cook until
  mushrooms are tender. Stir in tomato; cook until tomato is thoroughly
  heated. Upl by Dr. Jim Culveyhouse 73330,2525
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     19 oz Artichoke hearts drained
  1 1/2 c  Chicken broth
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ea Dash of white pepper
      1 c  18% table cream
      1 ea Thin slices of lemon
 
  Puree artichokes and chicken broth.  Place in saucepan with lemon
  juice, salt and pepper.  Heat just to boiling. Remove from heat and
  stir in cream. Chill Soup. If hot is required, reheat, but to not
  boil. Garnish with lemon slices.  Yield 4-6 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SPINACH DIP
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 oz 340ml jr artichokes drained
     10 oz Bag spinach
    3/4 c  Mayonnaise
      3 tb Lemon juice
    1/2 ts Grated lemon rind
      1 ea Tabasco to taste
      1 ea Salt and pepperr
 
  Chop artichoke hearts in food processor fitted with steel blade. Set
  aside. Wash spinach well.  Blanch in boiling water; drain; squeeze
  dry and chop in food processor. Add chopped artichoke hearts and
  remaining ingredients and process just until blended.  Prepare a day
  in advance. Serve with vegetable sticks.  Yield 2
      1/2    cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SPREAD
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
      4 lg Artichokes
      2 c  Water
      1    Lemon, juice only
      2 c  Vegetable or chicken stock
      1    Bay leaf
      2    Garlic cloves, finely
           -chopped
      1    Shallot, finely chopped
      1 tb Extra-virgin olive oil
      1 tb Chopped fresh thyme (or 1
           -teaspoon dried thyme)
      1    Lemon, zest only
           Salt and freshly ground
           -black pepper to taste
 
  Remove and discard all but the tenderest inner leaves from the
  artichokes. Cut artichoke into quarters and remove the fuzz choke.
  Chop the hearts into 1/4-inch dice and place in water mixed with the
  lemon juice to vent discoloration. Drain.
  
  Heat the olive oil in a saucepan. Add the garlic, shallots and
  artichokes and saute a few minutes. Add the stock and bay leaf. Bring
  to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer until the artichokes are tender,
  10 to 15 minutes. Drain, reserving the liquid. Remove and discard the
  bay leaf,
  
  Place artichokes, garlic, shallot, lemon zest and thyme in a food
  processor. Puree to a smooth paste, adding reserved cooking liquid as
  necessary to make a spreadable consistency. Season to taste with salt
  and pepper. Cover and chill.
  
  Yields 1 cup.
  
  PER TABLESPOON: 20 calories, 1 g protein, 3 g carbohydrate, 1 g fat
  (0 g saturated), 0 mg cholesterol, 14 mg sodium, 1 g fiber,
  
  Robin Davis writing in the San Francisco Chronicle, 3/24/93.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SQUARES
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
      2 ea 6-oz jars marinated artichok
      1 ea Small onion, mincec
      4 ea Large eggs
      1 ea 8-oz. package mozzarella che
    1/4 c  Dried bread crumbs
      2 tb Chopped parsley
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 x  Non-toxic flowers for garnis
 
  Calories     per serving: 60 Fat grams per serving: 5 Approx. Cook
  Time: Cholesterol  per serving: 43 Drain liquid from 1 jar of
  artichokes into 1-puart saucepan. Drain liquid from second jar of
  artichokes and discard. Finely chop all artichokes; set aside. Grease
  12 inch ty 8 inch baking dish. In liquid in saucepan, over medium
  heat, cook minced onion until tender. In medium bowl, with fork, beat
  eggs until blended. Stir in cooked onion and chopped artichokes,
  mozzarella cheese, bread crumbs, parsley, salt and pepper. Spread
  mixture evenly in baking dish. If not baking right away, cover and
  refrigerate. ABOUT 1 HOUR BEFORE SERVING; Preheat oven to 325
  degrees. Bake artichoke mixture 30 to 35 minutes until set and
  lightly browned. Cool 15 minutes in dish on wire rack. With knife,
  cut lengthwise into 4 strips then cut each strip crosswise into 6
  pieces. Arrange appetizer on platter; garnish and serve. MAKES 24
  HORS D'OEUVRES.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SQUARES #1
 Categories: Appetizers, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 24 Servings
 
     12 oz Canned Artichokes
      1    Small Onion, Minced
      4    Large Eggs
      8 oz Mozzarella Cheese
    1/4 c  Dried Bread Crumbs
      2 tb Chopped Parsley
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
           Non-Toxic Flowers To Garnish
 
  Drain liquid from 1 jar of artichokes into 1-puart saucepan. Drain
  liquid from second jar of artichokes and discard. Finely chop all
  artichokes; set aside. Grease 12 inch by 8 inch baking dish. In
  liquid in saucepan, over medium heat, cook minced onion until tender.
  In medium bowl, with fork, beat eggs until blended. Stir in cooked
  onion and chopped artichokes, mozzarella cheese, bread crumbs,
  parsley, salt and pepper. Spread mixture evenly in baking dish. If
  not baking right away, cover and refrigerate. ABOUT 1 HOUR BEFORE
  SERVING; Preheat oven to 325øF. Bake artichoke mixture 30 to 35
  minutes until set and lightly browned. Cool 15 minutes in dish on
  wire rack. With knife, cut lengthwise into 4 strips then cut each
  strip crosswise into 6 pieces. Arrange appetizer on platter; garnish
  and serve. MAKES 24 HORS D'OEUVRES.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SQUARES #2
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lg Onion
      1    Garlic clove, minced
      4    Eggs (beaten)
    1/4 c  Bread crumbs
      2    Jars of artichoke hearts,
           Chopped (not liquid)
  1 1/2 ts Oregano
           Salt, pepper to taste
        ds Tabasco
      2 c  Shredded cheddar cheese
 
  Saute the onion and garlic in marinade from 1 jar of artichoke
  hearts. Beat the eggs and add bread crumbs, artichoke hearts
  (chopped), oregano, salt and pepper, Tabasco, onion and garlic mix,
  shredded cheddar cheese. Pour into a 9 x 13 inch or 7 x 11 inch pan;
  cook for 30 minutes at 325 degrees.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE SQUARES ---WHNP81A
 Categories: Appetizers, Holiday, Family
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
      1 cn Artichoke hearts; save juice
      1 ea Small onion; finely chopped
      1 ea Garlic clove
      4 ea Eggs
    1/4 c  Dry bread crumbs
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Oregano
    1/8 ts Tabasco
    1/2 lb Cheddar cheese; shredded
      2 tb Parsley; minced
 
    Drain the juice from the artichoke hearts into a frying pan. Saute
  the onion and garlic in the artichoke liquid until the onion is
  transparent. Beat the eggs in a small bowl until frothy; add bread
  crumbs, salt, pepper, oregano, and Tabasco. Stir in the cheese,
  parsley, chopped artichokes and onion mixture. Turn into a 7 x 11 in.
  buttered baking pan and bake for 30 minutes at 325 deg. Let cool in
  the pan. Cut in 1" squares. Serve cold or reheat at 325 deg. for
  10-12 min.
    Freezes well after cooked.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE STEW WITH MUSSELS~ POTATOES & SAFFRON
 Categories: Main dish, Stews, Shellfish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------------ARTICHOKES------------------------------
      2 lg Lemons, halved
      5 md Artichokes
     10 c  Canned low-salt chicken
           -broth
      2 tb Extra-virgin olive oil
      1    Bay leaf

MMMMM----------------------------STEW---------------------------------
     12 sm Red-skinned potatoes
      1 tb Salt
      1    Bay leaf
  1 1/4 ts Mustard seeds
    1/2 ts Celery seeds
      1 ts (packed) stemmed saffron
     18    Mussels, scrubbed,debearded
    3/4 c  Chopped shallots
      5 tb Unsalted butter
      2    Green onions, finely chopped
      1 bn Chives, chopped
 
  Artichokes: Squeeze juice from 2 lemon halves into a large bowl; add
  lemon halves. Fill bowl with water.
  
  To prepare an artichoke for cooking, first cut off the stem. Starting
  at the base of the artichoke, bend the tough dark green outer leaves
  back and snap them off where they break naturally: continue until all
  of the outer leaves have been removed, leaving a cone of tender pale
  green leaves. Using a small sharp knife, trim the outside edge of the
  base of the artichoke until it is smooth. Rub the trimmed edge with 1
  of the remaining lemon halves. Cut artichoke lengthwise into
  quarters. Rub the cut sides of these quarters with lemon to prevent
  any discoloration. Using the small knife, carefully cut out the hairy
  choke and the spiky purple-tipped leaves from each artichoke quarter.
  Rub each cut area with lemon. Trim the tougher leaf tops from each
  quarter so that all that remains is the choicest, most tender portion
  of the artichoke. Cut quarter into two wedges. Places wedges into the
  lemon water. Repeat with the remaining artichokes.
  
  Bring the chicken broth, olive oil and bay leaf to a boil in a heavy
  large pot (do not use aluminum or cast iron). Drain artichokes; add
  to pot. Return to boil. Reduce heat to medium-low; simmer until
  artichokes are tender, about 20 minutes. Using slotted spoon,
  transfer artichokes to medium bowl. Reserve 1 cup cooking liquid in
  small bowl.
  
  Stew: Place potatoes, salt, bay leaf, 1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds and
  celery seeds in large saucepan. Pour in enough cold water to cover
  potatoes generously. Boil until potatoes are tender, about 20
  minutes. Drain. Cool 15 minutes; peel. Stir saffron in heavy large
  pot over medium-low heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add
  reserved 1 cup cooking liquid; bring to simmer. Add artichokes,
  potatoes, mussels, shallots, butter and 3/4 teaspoon mustard seeds.
  Bring to boil. Cover pot; cook until mussels open and potatoes are
  golden, about 8 minutes. (Discard any unopened mussels.) Mix in green
  onions. Season with salt and pepper. Divide stew among 6 shallow soup
  bowls. Sprinkle with chives and serve.
  
  Bon Appetit, March 1997
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE TART IN WALNUT PASTRY
 Categories: Pies, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      8 ea Chopped scallions,
      6 oz Jar marinated artichoke hear
      1 c  Light cream
      3 ea Eggs
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  All purpose flour
    1/2 ts Salt
      8 tb Cold unsalted butter, cut up
      1 ea Egg
      1 ea Garlic clove, finely minced
      4 tb Butter
      1 x  Ground pepper to taste
      8 oz Gruyere cheese, grated
    1/2 c  Walnuts, toasted, cooled
 
  Preheat oven to 375 degrees for 10 minutes. 1. Saute scallions and
  garlic in butter until softened. Cut artichoke 2. Combine cream,
  eggs, salt and pepper in medium bowl. 3. Sprinkle grated cheese over
  the bottom of the partially baked crust. 4. Bake 35 minutes until
  golden and slightly puffy. Let rest 10
  WALNUT PASTRY 1. Process walnuts until coarsely ground. Add flour and
  salt to work 2. Place pieces of butter atop dry ingredients and pulse
  until mixture 3. Add egg and process just until mixture begins to
  hold together. Do 4. Remove dough from processor and shape into a
  flattened disc. Cover 5. Roll dough large enough to fit into 10 inch
  quiche or tart pan. 6. Line chilled pastry with large sheet of
  aluminum foil and fill with
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE TOMATO ALFREDO
 Categories: Digest, Sept.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn Artichokes (not packed in
           Oil)
      4    To 5 fresh tomatoes, chopped
           Into large chunks
      1 md Onion, chopped fresh garlic
           (or 1 T garlic powder)
    1/2 c  Fresh basil, chopped (or 3 T
           Chopped dried basil)
      2 tb Whole wheat flour
    1/2 c  (or more) non-fat Soy Moo or
           Low-fat soy or rice milk
 
  Prepare fettucini, macaroni or spaghetti noodles al dente. Place
  onion, tomato, garlic and basil in a non-stick pan and saute in a
  little the of the liquid from the can of artichokes. Cut the
  artichokes into small pieces. Add the artichokes (and liquid) into
  the saute with a little flour to thicken. Mix thoroughly, adding soy
  or rice milk and flour to desired thickness. Don't cook the
  artichokes for long, just enough heat all ingredients and to blend
  sauce to desired thickness. Top the pasta with the artichoke sauce.
  (Pasta is about 100 calories/cup.)
  
  Serves 2, each serving:  Calories 210,  Fat 1.5 g. (6% calories from
  fat), Carbohydrate 46 g., Protein 10.7 g.
  
  Neal Pinckney - Makaha, Hawaii - neal@aloha.com - AH6HM. Fatfree
  Digest [Volume 10 Issue 33], Sept. 13, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6    Artichokes, trimmed
      6 tb Finely chopped onion
      6 tb Dry vermouth
      6 tb Extra virgin olive oil
           Boiling salted water
           Salt and freshly ground
           Pepper
      1 c  Dry white wine
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      2 c  Cloves, minced
      1    Vinaigrette Sauce
 
  Contributed to the echo by: Michelle Bass Originally from: "The Best
  of Bon Appetit Cookbook", Knapp Press, 1979 ARTICHOKE VINAIGRETTE In
  6-quart pan cook artichokes, uncovered, in boiling salted water for 5
  minutes. Drain. Place artichokes in roaster or other large pan so
  they stand upright. Separate leaves of artichokes and fill with
  vermouth mixture.
  
  Combine white wine, 1/4 cup olive oil and garlic. Pour into bottom of
  pan. Cover tightly and cook over low heat 25 to 35 minutes. Remove
  artichokes from broth and serve hot or cold with Vinaigrette Sauce
  
  Servings: 6
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE WITH BUTTER
 Categories: Kathy's, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Artichoke
    1/4 c  Butter
           Dash of garlic salt or pwdr
 
  wash and trim artichokes. put water in a pot large enough to cover the
  artichokes. bring to a boil. turn down to a simmer. cook in simmering
  water for 15 to 20 min. or until a pulled leaf comes loose . sauce:
  melt butter and add a dash of garlic salt or powder. My Favorite!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE WITH LEMON
 Categories: Vegetable s, Sally
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
 
      1/4 c  unsalted butter
      1/4 c  all-purpose flour
        6    cloves minced garlic
        1    lemon -- juiced
        6 c  chicken broth
       28 oz artichoke bottoms -- water
  :          packed
  :       cn (two 14-oz) -- drained
  :          rinsed
  :          Freshly ground black pepper 1. Melt butter over low heat
  in a heavy-bottomed saucepan or stockpot. Whisk in flour very slowly.
  
  2. Gradually add garlic, lemon juice, chicken broth, and artichoke
  bottoms and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 25 to
  35 minutes.
  
  3. Remove solids and place in a food processor or blender. Process
  until smooth, gradually adding remaining broth. Add pepper and serve.
  
  Variations:
  
  Cream of Artichoke: Decrease chicken broth by 1/2 cup and add l/2 cup
  heavy or light cream to pureed soup. Substitute two 14-ounce cans
  artichoke hearts, packed in water, for the artichoke bottoms.
  
  Recipe By     : Sally Nirenberg: Recipes from the Night Kitchen 1991
  
  From: Path <phannema@wizard.Ucr.Edu>  Date: Wed, 9 Oct 1996 11:44:22
  ~0700 (P
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE WITH MAMAS CORNBREAD DRESSING
 Categories: Tvfn
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        4    artichokes -- parboiled for
  :          15 minutes, choke removed
  :          ****** For Stuffing ******
        4 c  cornbread -- crumbled
        2 c  bread, toasted -- cut into
        1    " cubes
       10    saltine crackers
        2 c  vegetable stock
        3    stalks celery -- diced
        1 md onion -- diced
        2 lg eggs
      1/2    stick butter
        1 ts dried sage
  
  Combine cornbread, toasted bread and crackers in mixing bowl. pour
  stock into saucepan and add celery and onion. Bring to a boil and
  cook for 10 minutes, allow to cool. Add stock mixture to bread crumb
  mixture with beaten eggs, butter, sage, salt and pepper. Preheat oven
  to 350 degrees. Take each artichoke, making certain they are
  well-drained, and carefully pull the leaves back slightly in order to
  stuff. Place the stuffing inside the core, and add a bit between the
  leaves. Place in lightly oiled baking pan and bake for 15-20 minutes,
  until stuffing is nicely browned.
  
  TIP: RAW ARTICHOKE SALAD
  
  6 raw artichokes, julienned, mixed with 2 each red and yellow pepper,
  julienned and mixed with your favorite herbal vinaigrette
  
  Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
  
  Recipe By     : PICK OF THE DAY SHOW #PD7702  #6
  
                                        Date: Tue, 29 Oct 1996 11:18:55
  ~0500 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE ZUCCHINI SAUTE
 Categories: Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 md Artichokes, fresh
      1 tb Garlic, minced
      2 ts Green onions, minced
      2 ts Olive oil
      2 c  Zucchini, sliced
    1/4 c  Dry white wine
      1 ts Thyme
    1/2 c  Tomatoes, peeled, seeded &
           -- diced
           Salt & pepper
 
  Prepare artichokes as for the "Artichoke Gondolas" recipe, but do not
  steam.  When prepared, cut into very thin strips, lengthwise. Saute
  the artichoke strips, garlic & green onions in oil in a wok for about
  5 minutes, the artichokes ought to be tender.
  
  Add zucchini, wine & thyme & cook until the zucchini is tender, only
  another 2 minutes.  Add the tomatoes, salt & pepper & cook until
  thoroughly heated.
  
  "Vegetarian Gourmet, Special Low-Fat Issue" 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE-AND-SUN-DRIED TOMATO PIZZA
 Categories: Main dishes, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
        1 pk dry yeast
      1/2 c  water -- 105-115 deg. F
    1 1/2 c  all-purpose flour --
  :          divided
      1/4 ts salt
  :          Vegetable cooking spray
        3 TB sun-dried tomato tidbits
      1/4 ts dried oregano
      1/4 ts dried basil
      1/8 ts salt
      1/8 ts coarsely ground pepper
        1 cn no-salt-added stewed
  :          tomatoes -- undrained --
  :          chopped
        1    clove garlic -- minced
    1 1/2 ts cornmeal
      3/4 c  artichoke hearts -- drained
  :          and chopped
        1 c  provolone cheese -- 4 ounces
  :          shredded
  
  Dissolve the yeast in warm water in a large bowl, and let stand for 5
  minutes. Stir in 1-1/4 cups flour and salt to form a soft dough. Turn
  the dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth and
  elastic (about 5 minutes), and add enough remaining flour, 1
  tablespoon at a time, Combine tomato tidbits and next 6 ingredients
  in a small saucepan; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and simmer,
  uncovered, 20 minutes or until reduced to 1-1/3 Punch dough down, and
  roll into a 12-inch circle on a lightly floured surface. Place dough
  on a 12-inch pizza pan coated with cooking spray and sprinkled wit
  Spread tomato mixture evenly over prepared crust, and top with
  artichoke hearts and cheese. Bake at 500 degrees for 12 minutes on
  bottom rack of oven. Remove the pizza to a cutting board, and let
  stand for 5 minutes. Yield: 6 servings (serving size:
  
  Recipe By     : Cooking Light YEAR: 1995 ISSUE: Jan/Feb PAGE: 66
  
  From:                                 Date:
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE-SPINACH CASSEROLE
 Categories: Entrees, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 oz Marinated artichoke
           -hearts, drained
           -(2 small jars); save
           -marinade for dressing
      8 oz Cream cheese, softened
    1/2 c  Grated parmesan cheese
      2 tb Butter, softened
     20 oz Spinach, cooked, drained
           -and squeezed dry
           -(use 2 packages of thawed
           -frozen spinach, or about
           -1 1/2 lb cooked, fresh
           -spinach)
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Spread artichoke hearts in the bottom
  of a buttered casserole dish, in roughly one layer. Top with spinach.
  
  Cream together the cream cheese, butter and cheese and spread evenly
  on top. Bake covered for 30 minutes, then uncovered for 10 minutes.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Vegetable casserole with artichokes and spinach -- This is a
  fattening, but good, vegetable dish.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  5 minutes preparation, 40 minutes baking.
  : Precision:  no need to measure.
  
  : Vicki O'Day
  : Hewlett-Packard Laboratories, Palo Alto CA
  : hplabs!oday
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKE-STUFFED CHICKEN BREAST
 Categories: Main dish, Poultry, Jaw
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6    4 oz chicken breasts
      1    Clove garlic
  1 1/2 c  Frozen or canned artichoke
           Hearts, rinsed and drained
      1    Egg yolk
      2 tb Heavy cream
      1 c  Fresh bread crumbs
           Dash nutmeg
    1/3 c  Chopped fresh parsley,
           Divided
    1/4 c  Chicken broth
           Paprika
 
  Heat the oven to 425 degrees. Grease a baking pan.
  
  Salt and pepper the chicken breasts. With a very sharp small knife,
  cut a pocket horizontally into each breast. Do not cut in half. Set
  aside while you make the stuffing.
  
  In a food processor, place the garlic, artichoke hearts, egg yolk,
  cream, bread crumbs, nutmeg and about 1/4 cup of parsley. Process to
  mix, but do not puree.
  
  Place 2 to 3 tablespoons of stuffing in each breast pocket. Do not
  close the pocket-the stuffing will puff up and out a bit.
  
  Place the stuffed breasts in the baking dish. Pour the chicken broth
  over the chicken. Sprinkle with paprika. Bake 12 to 15 minutes. Place
  the breasts on a platter, spoon the pan juices over and sprinkle with
  reserved 2 tablespoons parsley.
  
  Quick and Easy from: The Austin American Statesman, typed by jessann
  :)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES
 Categories: Low, Fat
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pk 10 oz frozen artichoke
           Hearts
    1/2    Red onion, sliced VERY thin
      6    Cloves garlic, whole
           Juice of lemon, divided
           Fresh rosemary sprig,
           Chopped
 
  Put everything (except some reserved lemon juice) in a lidded
  casserole. Bake covered for about an hour. Uncover, add reserved
  lemon juice, and bake another 5 minutes. You will have a HARD time
  believing it's fat free because of what the garlic does - it gets all
  gooey!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES & GREEN BEANS
 Categories: Diabetic, Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Sweet ones
 
    1/2 lb Sm Jerusalem artichokes;
           -(sunchokes). sliced
    3/4 lb Fresh green beans;
      2 cl Garlic; minced
      2 ts Walnut oil;
    1/2    Red pepper; diced
      2 tb 1Fresh lemon juice;
      1 tb Walnuts; chopped
           Pepper to taste
 
  Wash and trim artichokes and beans.  Bring a large kettle of water to
  a boil and cook artichokes until tender, about 15 minutes minutes.
  Add green beans and cook 3 to 4 minutes. Drain and keep warm. Saute
  garlic 1 minutes in walnut oil, tne add bell pepper to warm. Mix all
  ingredients together and serve. Food Exchange per serving: 1
  STARCH/BREAD EXCHANGE + 1 FAT EXCHANGE; CAL: 124; CHO: 0mg; CAR: 20g;
  PRO: 4g; SOD: 6mg; FAT: 4g;
  
  Source: Light & Easy Diabetes Cuisine by Betty Marks Brought to you
  and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES & PEAS
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lg Artichokes
      1    Lemon (juice only)
      2 tb Virgin olive oil
        lg Basil leaves;
           - sliced in strips
      1 lg Onion, white or yellow
           - sliced 1/4-in thick
           Salt
      1 lb Fresh pod peas; -=OR=-
      1 c  Frozen peas
           Finely chopped parsley
           Freshly milled pepper
      1 tb Sweet butter
           -=OR=-Extra-Virgin Olive Oil
           Lemon juice; to taste
           -=OR=- Champagne Vinegar
 
  SLICE THE UPPER 2/3 of the leaves off the artichokes, then break off
  the remaining leaves, snapping them off at the base. Trim off the
  dark green stubs, going around the artichoke with a paring knife. Cut
  them in quarters, remove the fuzzy choke and slice each quarter into
  pieces 1/4-to-1/2-inch thick. As you work, rub the cut surfaces with
  lemon and put them in a bowl with the lemon juice and water to cover.
  Gently warm the olive oil with half the basil. When it is fairly hot,
  but not sizzling, add the onions and the sliced artichokes. Salt
  lightly and give them a stir to coat them with the oil, then add 3/4
  cup water and cook over a medium-low flame. As the water cooks off,
  add more, in 1/2-cup increments until the artichokes are cooked,
  about 25 minutes. Add the peas and continue cooking until they are
  done. Let any liquids reduce until they are syrupy. Taste and season
  with salt. Add the rest of the basil, the parsley and the butter or
  olive oil. To brighten the flavors, stir in a little lemon juice or
  champagne vinegar to taste.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES & PEAS
 Categories: Vegetarian, Vegetables, Side dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lg Artichokes
      1    Lemon (juice only)
      2 tb Virgin olive oil
        lg Basil leaves;
           - sliced in strips
      1 lg Onion, white or yellow
           - sliced 1/4-in thick
           Salt
      1 lb Fresh pod peas; -=OR=-
      1 c  Frozen peas
           Finely chopped parsley
           Freshly milled pepper
      1 tb Sweet butter
           -=OR=-Extra-Virgin Olive Oil
           Lemon juice; to taste
           -=OR=- Champagne Vinegar
 
  SLICE THE UPPER 2/3 of the leaves off the artichokes, then break off
  the remaining leaves, snapping them off at the base. Trim off the
  dark green stubs, going around the artichoke with a paring knife. Cut
  them in quarters, remove the fuzzy choke and slice each quarter into
  pieces 1/4-to-1/2-inch thick. As you work, rub the cut surfaces with
  lemon and put them in a bowl with the lemon juice and water to cover.
  Gently warm the olive oil with half the basil. When it is fairly hot,
  but not sizzling, add the onions and the sliced artichokes. Salt
  lightly and give them a stir to coat them with the oil, then add 3/4
  cup water and cook over a medium-low flame. As the water cooks off,
  add more, in 1/2-cup increments until the artichokes are cooked,
  about 25 minutes. Add the peas and continue cooking until they are
  done. Let any liquids reduce until they are syrupy. Taste and season
  with salt. Add the rest of the basil, the parsley and the butter or
  olive oil. To brighten the flavors, stir in a little lemon juice or
  champagne vinegar to taste.
  
  DEBORAH MADISON - PRODIGY GUEST CHEFS COOKBOOK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES A LA GRECQUE
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Water
      1 pk (10 oz.) of frozen
           -artichokes
      3 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      3    Peppercorns
      1 pn Thyme
      1 pn Fennel seed
      1 pn Coriander seed
      1 sm Bay leaf
 
  1. In a large, heavy skillet, cook artichokes in boiling water for 5
  minutes. Add all remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil. Cover and
  simmer for 20 minutes.
  
  2. Cool in cooking liquid. Serve artichokes with 4 tbsp of this
  liquid.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES ALLA GIUDEA
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        4 lg artichokes
  :          Salt and pepper
      1/2 c  virgin olive oil
        2    lemons -- cut in wedges
  
  Pull off outer layers of deep green leaves from each artichoke and
  discard. Cut off stem and set aside. Rub each cut with a lemon wedge.
  Place artichoke on its side and cut off top third. Discard these
  points. Using a pair of scissors, cut offthe sharp points. Soak 10
  minutes in cold water with 1 ounce. lemon juice.
  
  Carefully open the leaves by prying with your fingers as if opening a
  flower and the pressing down on the counter the opening face. Drain
  each artichoke on paper towels, shaking to remove all liquid. Season
  aggressively with salt and pepper between each leaf and all over.
  
  Heat the virgin olive oil in a tall side sauce pan, 8-inch to 10-inch
  wide at base until just smoking.
  
  Cook artichokes in this hot oil 12 to 15 minutes, until golden all
  over. After 10 minutes of cooking, spritz the pan by shaking your wet
  hand over the artichokes to mist them. Be careful: this will cause
  the oil to sizzle and spatter..
  
  When the artichokes are cooked, remove each one, and holding the
  artichoke by skewering its base with a fork, press the flower side
  down to force it further open. Drain on paper towels, season with
  salt and pepper again and serve with lemon wedges.
  
  Recipe By     :MOLTO MARIO SHOW #MB5612
  
                                        Date: Fri, 1 Nov 1996 22:14:18
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES ALLA ROMANA
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------FAVORITE RESTAURANTS, BON A---------------------
      6 md Artichokes
      1    Lemon, halved crosswise
      2 c  Consomme
  1 1/2 c  Olive oil
      1 c  Parsley, chpd
      1 tb Garlic, chpd
           Salt and pepper
 
  ** "The most superbly prepared artichokes I've ever tasted." Tavola
  Calda da Alfredo, New York, NY Slice tops from artichokes. Remove
  tough outer leaves and cut off stems to make flat base. Trim off
  thorny tips using scissors. Rub cut edges with lemon halves. Drop
  artichokes and lemon into lg pot filled with enough boiling salted
  water to cover. Cover partially and parboil 10 mins. Remove with
  slotted spoon and turn upside down to drain. When cool, gently spread
  leaves, remove fibrous chokes from center with spoon. Preheat oven
  400F. Combine consomme, oil, parsley, garlic, salt and pepper in
  bowl. Place artichokes upright in baking dish and pour consomme
  mixture evenly over top. Bake until outer leaves begin to turn copper
  color, 25-35 mins. Baste and broil until tops brown, 3 mins. Serve in
  soup plates with remaining liquid. S: Fav Rest Rs, Bon A
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES COOKED IN MARINADE
 Categories: Marinades
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4    Artichokes
      4 tb Red wine vinegar
      4 ts Olive oil
      2    Garlic cloves; cut in half
      8    Peppercorns
      1 ds Salt
 
  Recipe by: Kathy Oldenburg <kathy654@delphi.com> Trim artichoke stems
  flat and pull off any bruised outer leaves. Cut off t third of
  artichoke and trim ends of remaining leaves. Place in pot just large
  enough to hold artichokes side by side.  Pour 1 tbs winegar and 1
  teaspoon olive oil over top of each artichoke. Add boiling water to
  cover, garlic, peppercorns and salt. If artichokes fl place a heavy
  heatproof plate on top to hold them down. Cover pot with a t lid, and
  cook about 30 minutes, until tender. Let artichokes cool in liqui
  Drain artichokes and cut in half lenghtwise. Scoop out choke.  Serve
  warm, room temperature or chilled. This is the 1st message I've ever
  sent so I'm sorry about any mistakes I've made! Kathy
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES JEWISH STYLE
 Categories: Italian, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     12    Artichokes; medium, fresh
      2    Lemons; juice and rinds
      2 tb -salt
      1 ts -pepper; freshly ground
      3 c  Olive oil
 
  Carciofo All Guidia To quote the author, "This is the most famous of
  all Italian Jewish foods. It originated with the Roman Jews, and owes
  its fame to having been served at a restaurant in the Roman ghetto
  where it was discovered and quickly adopted by connoisseurs of
  excellent food all over Europe. Utimately it found its way into many
  Italian cookbooks, My mother, a Jewish woman who was born and raised
  in Rome, prepared especially delicious Carciofi all Guidia (better
  than you could find in any restaurant!). I watched her prepare them,
  and have prepared them myself, practically all my life. Here in my
  mother's technique in detail"
  
  Trim the artichokes as detailed in "How to clean artichokes- Jewish
  style" and keep them in lemon water till you are ready to use them.
  "Drain the two artichokes and, holding one in each hand by the stem
  and bottom, gently hit the leafy parts against each other until the
  leaves of one open up a little. Place the opened artichoke, bottom
  up, on a board or a working surface. Drain another artichoke from its
  bath and repeat what you did with the first two, and line up the one
  that opens next to the last one. Continue until all the artichokes
  are opened up. The last one will have to be tapped against the board.
  In a small bowl, combine salt and pepper. Take one artichoke at a
  time and sprinkle all over, including between the leaves, with salt
  and pepper mixture. Heat the oil in a deep earthenware or similar
  saucepan. Cook as many artichokes at a time as fit in one layer over
  moderate heat for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the bottoms and the
  sides are well browned. During the cooking period, sprinkle some cold
  water over the artichokes to produce steam, so that the inside will
  be cooked, too. To do this the authentic way, have a bowl containing
  cold water near the range. Dip your closed fist in the water and then
  open it forcefully over the roasting artichokes. Repeat sprinkling
  several times. When all the artichokes are done, transfer them to a
  plate, bottom side down to keep the moisture in.* Pick them up at the
  bottom with a fork and dip them, one by one in the hot oil again,
  pressing the leaves to the bottom of the pan. The artichokes will
  open up like roses and the leaves will become golden and crisp. Serve
  immediately.
  
  NOTE: Although traditionally Carciofi alla Giudia are served piping
  hot, they are delicious at room temperature.
  
  *Up to this point you may prepare the artichokes several hours ahead
  of time and keep them, bottom side down, so that they do not lost
  their moisture. Should they become too dry, sprinkle some cold water
  on them when reheating and press the leaves down against the bottom
  of the pan.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES TRUFFLE STYLE
 Categories: Italian, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     12    Artichokes; medium
      2    Lemons; juice & rind
    1/2 c  Olive oil
           -salt
           -freshly ground black pepper
 
  The description "Truffle style" means they are cooked as truffles
  would be (sliced paper thin and quickly fried with a little oil, salt
  and pepper).
  
  Prepare artichokes as directed in "Cleaning artichokes ~ Jewish
  Style". Cut in half lengthwise and keep in lemon water. "Heat 1/4 cup
  of oil in a large skillet. Drain 6 artichokes very well. Cut into
  very thin slivers directly into the hot oil and fry, stirring
  frequently, for 10 minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste and continue
  to fry until slices are golden brown and crisp. Transfer to a hot
  serving dish and keep warm. Repeat with the remaining oil and
  artichokes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Extra-large artichokes
      2 c  Concentrated lemon juice
      1 tb Salt
      1 ds Black pepper
      1 ds Dried oregano
      1 ds Crushed red pepper flakes

MMMMM------------------------VINAIGRETTE-----------------------------
      1 c  Olive oil
    1/2 c  White wine vinegar
      3    Garlic cloves
           - peeled and crushed
      1 ds Dried oregano
      1 ds Crushed red pepper flakes
      1 tb Capers
      2 tb Chopped pimiento
           Salt, pepper
 
  Trim artichokes stems to 1/2 inch. Place upright in large kettle and
  add enough water to cover. Add lemon juice, 1 tablespoon salt,
  pepper, oregano and red pepper flakes. Bring to boil, reduce heat and
  simmer about 1 hour or until leaves pull easily from base of
  artichokes. Remove from pan and invert artichokes to drain thoroughly
  and cool. Using spoon, remove chokes and discard. To make
  vinaigrette, combine oil, vinegar, garlic, oregano, red pepper
  flakes, capers and pimiento in medium bowl. Season to taste with salt
  and pepper. Blend well. Stand artichokes upright in serving dish.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES WITH HERBS
 Categories: Vegetarian, Side dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lg Artichokes (or 4 medium)
      1 sm Carrot
      1 sm Onion
      1 tb Olive oil
      2 tb Parsley; chopped
    1/2 ts Basil leaves, dried
    1/2 ts Oregano
    1/2 ts Dill weed
      1    Garlic clove
           Salt
      1 c  Wine, dry white
           Pepper to taste
 
   With scissors or sharp knife, cut 1 1/2 inches off top of each
  artichoke; cut off stems. Pull leaves open at top; remove center
  leaves and scrape out choke with spoon. In blender or food processor,
  combine carrot, onion, parsley, dried herbs, garlic and salt and
  black pepper to taste; process until finely chopped. Stuff herb
  mixture between leaves of artichokes. Place cooking rack, wine and
  1/2 cup water in 4- or 6-qt pressure cooker. Place artichokes on
  rack; close cover securely. Place pressure regulator on vent pipe.
  Cook 20 minutes at 15 pounds pressure, with pressure regulator
  rocking slowly. Cool cooker at once. Remove artichokes and rack; keep
  warm. Boil liquid left in pressure cooker about 5 minutes or until
  reduced to 1/4 cup; stir in red pepper. To serve, spoon cookng liquid
  over artichokes.
  
   Per serving: About 115 cal; 2.5 g prot; 11 g carb; 3.5 g fat (27% of
  calories from fat); 0 mg chol; 67 mg sod
  
   From the files of DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES WITH MUSTARD SAUCE
 Categories: Appetizers, Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Large Artichokes
      1    Clove Garlic
    1/2 c  Vinegar
    1/4 c  Oil

MMMMM-----------------------MUSTARD SAUCE----------------------------
    1/3 x  Butter
    1/3 x  Mayonnaise
    1/3 x  Mustard
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
 
  Cut off top 1/4 of the artichokes.  Fill a large pot 3/4 full with
  warm water.  Add garlic, vinegar,oil and artichokes. Cook over
  medium-high heat for 45 minutes. Turn artichokes upside down on paper
  towels until drained and cold.  When cold, pull out center leaves,
  spoon out core. Cut lemon in half, taking out lemon pulp. Mix
  together sauce ingredients and spoon into hollowed out lemon halves.
  Push lemon halves into the top of hollowed out artichokes. Tear off
  artichoke leaves, dip in sauce and enjoy. From: Syd's Cookbook.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES WITH SPICY CRAB
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
     24    Baby
      1    Lemon
    3/4 lb Fresh cooked crabmeat
    1/4 c  Whipping cream
      1 tb Capers
    1/4 c  Green peppers -- finely
           Chopped
      2 tb Minced green onion
      3 tb Minced shallot
      2 tb White wine
           Salt and freshly ground
           Pepper -- to taste
           Worcestershire sauce -- to
           Taste
           Minced fresh parsley -- for
           Garnish
           Lemon wedges -- for
           Accompaniment
           Artichokes
 
  1. Pull off dark green outer leaves of artichokes until you reach the
  pale green "heart." Cut 1/2-inch off top and trim stem end down to
  the pale green part. Rub artichoke hearts well with lemon and cook in
  boiling salted water until tender. Drain and pat dry. Pull out some
  of the innermost leaves and spread the hearts open slightly.
  
  2. In a bowl combine crabmeat, cream, capers, green pepper, green
  onion, and mustard. In a small skillet over moderate heat, heat
  butter and oil. Add shallots and cook until translucent (4 to 5
  minutes). Add wine and cook until mixture is reduced to a glaze. Cool
  slightly and add to crab mixture. Season with salt, pepper, and
  Worcestershire sauce.
  
  3. Stuff artichoke hearts with crab mixture. Pack into a tightly
  sealed container along with a plastic bag of minced parsley and the
  lemon wedges. At serving time, garnish hearts with minced parsley and
  serve with lemon wedges.
  
  Recipe By     : The California Culinary Academy
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTICHOKES WITH VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Vinegar
      4 ts Lemon juice
      1 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
    1/3 c  Olive oil
      4 md California artichokes,
           -prepared and cooked as
           -directed for whole
           -artichokes
 
  (From the California Artichoke Advisry Board.)
  
  Combine vinegar, lemon juice, sugar and mustard. Gradually add oil
  until blended. Serve with cooked artichokes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTIFICIAL SNOW
 Categories: Crafts, Kids, Holidays
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -Susan Klapper KCXJ08A
    1/2 c  Granulated Sugar
    1/2 c  Talcum Powder
 
  Mix together.  Sprinkle mxiture over any area you want to decorate
  after it has been spread with liquid starch or a mixture of 1/2 glue
  and 1/2 water. Let dry. HINT: the more sugar the more sparkle.
  
   Reformatted for Meal Master by: CYGNUS, HCPM52C & CMINEAH
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTILLERY PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4    Golden delicious apples
      6 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Lemon juice, fresh
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/8 ts Ginger
      8    Slices bread
      2 tb Butter
 
  Cut apples into quarters. Place in a large pot, and add just enough
  water to prevent scortching. Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer
  covered until apples are soft, about 30 minutes. Put through a sieve,
  discard skins and cores. Stir in sugar, lemon juice, cinnamon and
  ginger.
  
  Trim the crust from the bread, spread with butter and toast in the
  oven at 500F for about 5 minutes or until lightly browned. In a 2
  quart baking dish, layer bread and apple mix. Bake at 350F for 30
  min. Serve warm.
  
  Source: Women's Day Magazine Typed in MM format by Linda Fields,
  Cyberealm BBS Watertown NY 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTILLERY PUNCH
 Categories: Beverages, Alcohol
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
      1 qt Strong black tea
      1 qt Rye whiskey
      1    Bottle red wine (26oz)
      1 pt Jamaica rum
    1/2 pt Brandy
      1    Jigger Benedictine
      1 pt Orange juice
    1/2 pt Lemon juice
 
  Combine all the ingredients in a large punch bowl with a block of
  ice. If found too dry, sugar syrup may be added. Decorate with twists
  of lemon peel. Makes 25-30 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTIS' CHICKEN GUMBO
 Categories: Chicken, Sausage, Soups, Vegetables, Main dish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
 
        3 lb stewing chicken
        1 lg onion
        4    shallots -- or green onins
       20    stems parsley
        2    cloves garlic -- more w/out
  :          sausage
      1/2 md green pepper
        4    bay leaves
        1 tb flour
      1/2 tb oil or chicken fat -- for
  :          roux
        1 lb andouille sausage -- or ham
        1 pt oysters -- with liquid
  :          salt and pepper
  :          file powder
  
  Cut up chicken and season with salt and pepper. Fry chicken until
  brown, in its own fat, in a black iron pot. Place in soup pot. Cut up
  seasonings . Pour off fat from pot. Smother seasonings and take out
  by rinsing with small amount of water, putting in soup pot with b
  rice.
  
  Recipe By     : DDMmom/AOL
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARTURO'S SEDCO HILLS HOG
 Categories: Pork
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           JUDI M. PHELPS (BNVX05A)
      1 lg Red bell pepper -- diced
      4 lg Pork shoulder steaks
      1 lg Green bell pepper -- diced
      1 lg Orange
      2    Garlic cloves -- minced
      1 ts Dry oregano leaves
    1/2 c  Mild taco sauce
      1 ts Ground cumin
      1 c  Dry white wine*
      1 ts Grated lemon peel
           Cilantro sprigs
      1 tb Lemon juice
           Corn tortillas -- warm
      2 lg Onions -- chopped
           Salt and pepper
      3 tb Margarine
 
  *Chicken broth can be used in place of wine if desired. Trim excess
  fat from pork; set steaks aside. Ream the juice from the orange. In a
  9 x 13 pan, combine orange juice, oregano, cumin, lemon peel, and
  lemon juice. Turn meat in mixture to coat well; set aside. Mix onions
  with liquid, then set meat back into pan topping with half the onion
  mixture. Cover and let stand at least 30 minutes, or cover and chill
  up to overnight. Melt 1 tabl. of margarine in a 12-inch frying pan
  over medium high heat; scrape onions from meat and add steaks to pan.
  Cook until meat is browned on both sides, 10-12 minutes then lift out
  and set aside. Add remaining 2 tablespoons of margarine to pan on
  medium high heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of margarine to pan
  on medium high heat. Add onion marinade, bell peppers, and garlic.
  Cook stirring occasionally until onions are soft about 10 minutes.
  Return pork to pan.  Add taco sauce and wine.  Bring to a boil;
  cover, reduce heat, and simmer until pork is very tender when
  pierced, 1 to 1-1/4 hours.  Lift out pork and place on a platter;
  keep warm. On high heat, boil pan mixture, stirring until most of
  liquid has evaporated, 8-10 min. Pour over pork and garnish with
  cilantro. Serve with tortillas; add salt and pepper to taste. SOURCE:
  Sunset Recipe Annual, 1988 Edition.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUBA CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry, Ethnic
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Olive oil
      1 md Onion, sliced
      1    Fryer chicken,
           -3lbs cut into
           -serving pieces
      1    Smoked pork butt,
           (1 lb)cut into
           -1" cubes
      1    Can(8oz)tomato paste
    1/4 c  Coconut, shredded
    1/2 ts Salt
           Crushed red pepper
           -to taste
      4    Whole cloves
      1    Bay leaf
           I/2 ts thyme
      2 lb Sweet potatoes,pared,
           Cut into 1/2" slices
      2    Bananas,
           -sliced 3/4" thick
    1/4 c  Green onions, sliced
 
  Heat oil in a heavy Dutch oven and saute onion about 5 minutes until
  golden, stirring frequently. Remove From pan. Add chicken, half at a
  time, and brown on all sides (adding more oil if needed). Return
  onion to pan and add pork Stir in water, tomato sauce, coconut and
  salt.
  
  Tie pepper, cloves, bay leaf and thyme into a small cheesecloth square
  (poultice) and add to stew. Bring to a boil, lower heat and simmer
  For 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Add sweet potatoes and simmer
  covered For 35 to 40 minutes longer, or until sweet potatoes are
  tender. Taste for seasonings and correct if necessary. Add bananas
  and cook for an additional
        5    min. Discard cheesecloth poultice. Arrange on a serving
  platter and garnish with green onions and more coconut, if desired.
  
  Serves 6.
  
  From the recipe files of suzy@gannett.infi.net
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA & NECTARINE SALAD
 Categories: Fruits, Harned 1994, Nuts, Salads
      Yield: 1 Salad
 
MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
      3 tb Raspberry vinegar
      1 ts Dijon mustard
      5 tb Olive or vegetable oil
      1 pn Each sugar, salt and pepper

MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      4 c  Arugula leaves; torn
      4 c  Butter lettuce leaves; torn
      2    To 3 ripe nectarines; sliced
    1/3 c  Toasted walnuts*
 
  *Toast walnuts for 5 to 8 minutes in 300 F. oven or toaster oven.
  
  Combine dressing ingredients; mix together well. Arrange salad
  ingredients in bowl.  Pour dressing over them. Sprinkle with walnuts.
  
  Yield: 6 to 8 servings
  
  From 1991 "Shepherd's Garden Seeds Catalog," pg. 36. Electronic
  format by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA & NECTARINE SALAD
 Categories: Fruits, Grains, Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
      3 tb Raspberry vinegar
      1 ts Dijon mustard
      5 tb Olive oil or vegetable oil
      1 pn Sugar
      1 pn Salt
      1 pn Pepper

MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      4 c  Arugula leaves, torn
      4 c  Butter lettuce leaves, torn
      2    Ripe nectarines (up to 3)
           ;cut in slices
    1/3 c  Walnuts, toasted*
 
  *Toast walnuts for 5 to 8 minutes in 300 F oven or toaster oven.
  
  Combine dressing ingredients; mix together well. Arrange salad
  ingredients in bowl.  Pour dressing over them. Sprinkle with walnuts.
  
  Yield: 6 to 8 servings
  
  From 1991 "Shepherd's Garden Seeds Catalog," pg. 36. Posted by Cathy
  Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA & PARMIGIANO-REGGIANO CHEESE SALAD
 Categories: Emeril, Salad/dress, Ethnic
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Extra-virgin olive oil
      2 tb 25 year old balsamic vinegar
      4 c  Arugula; cleaned and stemmed
      6 oz Proscuitto di parma; thinly
           -sliced
      4 oz Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese
           Salt and pepper
 
  in a small mixing bowl, whisk the olive oil and vinegar together.
  Season with salt and pepper.  Toss the greens with the dressing. Lay
  the proscuitto on the platter. Mound the greens in the center of the
  proscuitto.  SHave the Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over the greens.
  Garnish with a couple of turns of black pepper.
  
  Source: Essence of Emeril, #EE2338, TVFN formatted by Lisa Crawford,
  6/21/96 From:	104105.1416@compuserve.Com (Lisabdate:	96-06-22
  00:42:43 Edt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA & RED ONION SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Arugula leaves
      1 md Size red onion cut into
           Thin slices
      1 ts Finely chopped garlic
      1 tb Red-wine vinegar
      3 tb Olive oil
           Salt and fresh ground
           Pepper
 
  Pick over the arugula leaves and remove and discard any tough stems.
  Rinse and drain the leaves. Pat dry. Place the leaves in a salad
  bowl. Add the onion slices, garlic, vinegar, oil, salt and pepper.
  Toss and blend well. Serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA & TOMATO SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3 bn Arugula
           - (3 bn = approx. 1 Cup)
    3/4 c  Olive oil
      3 tb Red wine vinegar
  1 1/2 ts Dijon mustard
     12    Ripe tomatoes; cut in wedges
           -=OR=-
     36    -Cherry tomatoes, halved
           Salt
           Freshly ground pepper
 
  WASH AND DRY the arugula, remove the tough stems and arrange on the
  outside of a platter. Whisk together the olive oil, vinegar and
  mustard. Add salt and pepper to taste. Toss the tomatoes gently in
  the salad dressing. Strain and place the tomatoes in the center of
  the arugula. Drizzle the strained dressing over the arugula.
  
  NATHALIE DUPREE
  
  PRODIGY GUEST CHEFS COOKBOOK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA PESTO
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 1 Cup
 
      2 c  Arugula leaves
      2    Garlic cloves
    1/4 c  Parmesan or Asiago cheese
    1/4 c  Olive oil
    1/8 c  Pine nuts; toasted
 
  In blender or food processor place arugula, garlic and cheese and
  blend until smooth.  Slowly add olive oil and nuts. Blend until
  desired consistency.
  
  Spread on a pizza crust, top with cheddar cheese, onions and fresh
  tomato slices.  Or, simply toss with cooked pasta.
  
  Copyright Ellen Ecker Ogden From: The Cook's Garden catalog -
  Spring/Summer 1990 - page 20
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA SALAD
 Categories: Italian, Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Garlic clove; peeled
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 tb Balsamic vinegar
      1 ts Dijon mustard
    1/3 c  Olive oil
      2 c  Mixed lettuce leaves
      1 c  Arugula; stems removed
    1/2 lb Mushrooms; sliced
      1    Sweet red pepper
 
  In a wooden salad bowl, rub garlic and salt into the bowl to season
  it. Combine vinegar, mustard and olive oil; stir. Tear lettuce into
  bite sized pieces, along with arugula. Add mushrooms and slices of
  red pepper. Toss well and serve.
  
  Ogden writes: "Italian restaurants often serve arugula on its own
  with a strong garlic flavored oil and vinegar dressing. Mixed with
  milder greens and a good dressing, arugula is less dominating."
  
  Recipe developed by Ellen Ogden.  In "The Cook's Garden" catalog,
  Spring/Summer 1994, Vol. XI, No. 1. Pg. 41. Typed for you by Cathy
  Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA SALAD ORANGE COUSCOUS & CITRUS VINA
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Water
    2/3 c  Couscous
      2 lg Oranges, divided
      1 md Mango, diced
      2 tb Chopped fresh basil
      2 tb Chopped fresh chives
      1 ts Cumin
      3 tb Toasted pine nuts
      2 bn Clean arugula

MMMMM---------------------CITRUS VINAIGRETTE--------------------------
      1 lg Orange
    1/4 md Grapefruit
    1/2 md Lime
    1/2 md Lemon
    1/2 c  Extra virgin olive oil
      2 tb Champagne or white vinegar
      3 tb Soy sauce
    1/2 ts Hot chili sauce or red
           -pepper sauce
     20    Pink peppercorns
      1 ts Finely chopped fresh ginger
      5 tb Fresh cilantro leaves
      1 ts Salt (opt)
 
  Measure water into 1 2-cup glass measure. Microwave on high 3
  minutes, or until boiling. Stir in couscous, cover with plastic wrap
  and let stand 5 minutes. Fluff with fork.
  
  Peel and segment oranges over a large stainless steel bowl to catch
  excess juice; reserve segments for garnish. After segmenting oranges,
  squeeze juice from core and membranes into bowl. Add mango, basil,
  chives, cumin, pine nuts and couscous; toss to combine. Pack mixture
  into six individual 1/2 cup molds.
  
  Arrange arugula wagon-wheel fashion on six large plates. Unmold
  couscous in center of plate. Garnish with reserved orange sections.
  Drizzle with Citrus Vinaigrette.
  
  CITRUS VINAIGRETTE:
  
  Peel orange, grapefruit, lime and lemon. Cut each into segments over a
  large stainless steel bowl to catch excess juices. Carefully dice
  segments, cutting not crushing them. Add oil, vinegar, soy sauce and
  chili sauce to fruit juices in bowl; whisk to blend. Add peppercorns,
  ginger, cilantro, diced fruit and salt; stir to combine. Makes about
  1 1/4 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA SALAD ORANGE COUSCOUS & CITRUS VINAIG
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Water
    2/3 c  Couscous
      2 lg Oranges, divided
      1 md Mango, diced
      2 tb Chopped fresh basil
      2 tb Chopped fresh chives
      1 ts Cumin
      3 tb Toasted pine nuts
      2 bn Clean arugula

MMMMM---------------------CITRUS VINAIGRETTE--------------------------
      1 lg Orange
    1/4 md Grapefruit
    1/2 md Lime
    1/2 md Lemon
    1/2 c  Extra virgin olive oil
      2 tb Champagne or white vinegar
      3 tb Soy sauce
    1/2 ts Hot chili sauce or red
           -pepper sauce
     20    Pink peppercorns
      1 ts Finely chopped fresh ginger
      5 tb Fresh cilantro leaves
      1 ts Salt (opt)
 
  Measure water into 1 2-cup glass measure. Microwave on high 3
  minutes, or until boiling. Stir in couscous, cover with plastic wrap
  and let stand 5 minutes. Fluff with fork.
  
  Peel and segment oranges over a large stainless steel bowl to catch
  excess juice; reserve segments for garnish. After segmenting oranges,
  squeeze juice from core and membranes into bowl. Add mango, basil,
  chives, cumin, pine nuts and couscous; toss to combine. Pack mixture
  into six individual 1/2 cup molds.
  
  Arrange arugula wagon-wheel fashion on six large plates. Unmold
  couscous in center of plate. Garnish with reserved orange sections.
  Drizzle with Citrus Vinaigrette.
  
  CITRUS VINAIGRETTE:
  
  Peel orange, grapefruit, lime and lemon. Cut each into segments over a
  large stainless steel bowl to catch excess juices. Carefully dice
  segments, cutting not crushing them. Add oil, vinegar, soy sauce and
  chili sauce to fruit juices in bowl; whisk to blend. Add peppercorns,
  ginger, cilantro, diced fruit and salt; stir to combine. Makes about
  1 1/4 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA SALAD WITH ORANGE COUSCOUS & CITRUS
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Water
    2/3 c  Couscous
      2    Whole orange -- peeled
      1    Whole mango -- diced
      2 tb Fresh basil -- chopped
      2 tb Fresh chives -- chopped
      1 ts Cumin
      3 tb Pine nuts -- toasted
      2 bn Arugula -- cleaned
           ***Vinaigrette***
      1    Whole orange
    1/2    Whole grapefruit
    1/2    Whole lime
    1/2    Whole lemon
    1/2 c  Canola oil
      2 tb White vinegar
      3 tb Soy sauce, low sodium
    1/2 ts Tabasco sauce
     20    Whole pink peppercorns
      1 ts Fresh ginger root -- finely
           Chopped
      5 tb Fresh cilantro
 
  To make salad:
  
  Measure water into a 2-cup glass measure.  Microwave on high 3
  minutes, or until boiling.  Stir in couscous, cover with plastic wrap
  and let stand 5 minutes.  Fluff with fork.
  
  Peel and segment oranges over a large stainless steel bowl to catch
  excess juice - reserve segments for garnish. After segmenting
  oranges, squeeze juice from core and membranes into bowl. Add mango,
  basil, chives, cumin, pine nuts and couscous - toss to combine. Pack
  mixture into 6 individual
      1/2    cup molds.
  
  Arrange arugula wagon-wheel fashion on six large plates. Unmold
  couscous in center of plate. Garnish with reserved orange sections
  
  To make Vinaigrette:
  
  Peel orange, grapefruit, lime and lemon.  Cut each into segments over
  a large stainless steel bowl to catch excess juices. Carefully dice
  segments, cutting - not crushing them.
  
  Add oil, vinegar, soy sauce and tabasco to fruit juices in bowl -
  whisk to blend.  Add peppercorns, ginger, cilantro, diced fruit and
  stir to combine. Makes about 1 1/4 cups.  Drizzle over couscous.
  
  Recipe By     : The Tennessean
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA SALAD WITH ORANGE COUSCOUS & CITRUS
 Categories: Salad/dress
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Water
    2/3 c  Couscous
      2    Whole orange -- peeled
      1    Whole mango -- diced
      2 tb Fresh basil -- chopped
      2 tb Fresh chives -- chopped
      1 ts Cumin
      3 tb Pine nuts -- toasted
      2 bn Arugula -- cleaned
           ***Vinaigrette***
      1    Whole orange
    1/2    Whole grapefruit
    1/2    Whole lime
    1/2    Whole lemon
    1/2 c  Canola oil
      2 tb White vinegar
      3 tb Soy sauce, low sodium
    1/2 ts Tabasco sauce
     20    Whole pink peppercorns
      1 ts Fresh ginger root -- finely
           Chopped
      5 tb Fresh cilantro
 
  To make salad:
  
  Measure water into a 2-cup glass measure.  Microwave on high 3
  minutes, or until boiling.  Stir in couscous, cover with plastic wrap
  and let stand 5 minutes.  Fluff with fork.
  
  Peel and segment oranges over a large stainless steel bowl to catch
  excess juice - reserve segments for garnish. After segmenting
  oranges, squeeze juice from core and membranes into bowl. Add mango,
  basil, chives, cumin, pine nuts and couscous - toss to combine. Pack
  mixture into 6 individual :     1/2
    cup molds.
  
  Arrange arugula wagon-wheel fashion on six large plates. Unmold
  couscous in center of plate. Garnish with reserved orange sections
  
  To make Vinaigrette:
  
  Peel orange, grapefruit, lime and lemon.  Cut each into segments over
  a large stainless steel bowl to catch excess juices. Carefully dice
  segments, cutting - not crushing them.
  
  Add oil, vinegar, soy sauce and tabasco to fruit juices in bowl -
  whisk to blend.  Add peppercorns, ginger, cilantro, diced fruit and
  stir to combine. Makes about 1 1/4 cups.  Drizzle over couscous.
  
  Recipe By     : The Tennessean
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA-TOMATO TOPPING
 Categories: Pizza
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Arugula -- coarsely chopped
      8    Plum tomatoes -- cored and
           Diced
      4 ts Lemon juice, fresh
      2 ts Olive oil
      1 ts Kosher salt
           Freshly ground black pepper
           To taste
 
  Toss the arugula, tomatoes, lemon juice and olive oil together.
  Season with salt and pepper.
  
  Recipe By     : NYT 6/25/95 via MasterCook Mail List
  
  From: Hp_walls@woco.Ohio.Gov          Date: Mon, 15 Jul 1996 14:00:51
  ~0400 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA~ PINE NUT & PARMESAN SALAD
 Categories: Italian/tus, Salads/dres
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Pine nuts
      3 oz Arugula -- stemmed and
           Washed
      2 oz Parmigiano-reggiano cheese
      1 tb Red wine vinegar
           Freshly ground black pepper
      2 tb Extra virgin olive oil
           Fine sea salt to taste
 
  1. Preheat the oven to 350#161#.
  
  2.  Spread the nuts loosely on a baking sheet. Toast until lightly
  browned, about 10 minutes. Check every few minutes to avoid burning
  the nuts. Remove from the oven and turn out onto a large plate to
  cool.
  
  3. In a large shallow salad bowl, combine the arugula and toasted pine
  nuts. Using a vegetable peeler, shave the Parmesan cheese into long
  thick strips directly into the bowl. Season the salad with fine sea
  salt and toss gently to blend.
  
  4. Drizzle 1 tablespoon vinegar over the salad and season with
  pepper, and toss to blend. Add just enough oil to very lightly coat
  the arugula, and toss to blend. Serve immediately, arranging on large
  serving plates.
  
  Recipe By     : Patricia Wells/Trattoria
  
  From: Hp_walls@woco.Ohio.Gov  Date: Mon, 15 Jul 1996 14:00:51 -0400 (
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA~ POTATO & LEEK SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 tb Oil
      2 md Leek; trimmed, cleaned
           -thoroughly, & chopped
      1 md Onion; sliced (1 c)
      1 ts Fennel seeds, ground
  1 1/4 lb Potato; peeled & coarsely
           -cubed
      3 c  Chicken broth
  1 1/2 c  ;Water
     10 oz Arugula; washed, trimmed,
           -to yield 4 cups packed
           Pepper & salt; as needed
      2 tb Ricard or Pernod
     12 tb Yogurt
      4    Arugula leaf; finely
           -slivered (garnish)
 
  Heat oil in large pot.  Add leeks and onion; cook over moderately low
  heat, stirring often, until softened - about 10 min. Sprinkle with
  fennel and stir 30 seconds.
  
  Add potatoes, broth, and water.  Simmer 25 min, until soft. Add
  arugula and cook about 10 min longer, or until stems are soft. Add
  salt, pepper and liquor to taste.
  
  Puree to rough or smooth texture, as you like.  Adjust seasoning.
  Serve hot or chilled, topped with yogurt and garnished with arugula
  slivers. As watercress changes potato soup into something that
  doesn't taste quite like any of the individual ingredients, so
  arugula transforms this traditional soup base.
  
  Flexible, the soup can be pureed to a chunky or a smooth texture, and
  served hot, as a main dish, or chilled, as a first course.
  
                  From "Uncommon Fruits and Vegetables"
                       by Elizabeth Schneider
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ARUGULA~ POTATO~ & LEEK SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 tb Safflower or other light
           -vegetable oil
      2 md Leeks, trimmed, cleaned
           -thoroughly, and chopped (1
           -1/2c)
      1 md Onion, sliced (1 c)
      1 ts Ground fennel seeds
  1 1/4 lb Potatoes, peeled and
           -coarsely cubed (3c)
      3 c  Chicken broth
  1 1/2 c  Water
 
  Servings: about 6 cups
  
  As watercress changes potato soup into something that doesn't taste
  quite like any of the individual ingredients, so arugula transforms
  this traditional soup base.
  
  Flexible, the soup can be pureed to a chunky or a smooth texture, and
  served hot, as a main dish, or chilled, as a first course.
  
  About 10 oz arugula, washed, trimmed, to yield 4 c packed Pepper and
  salt, as needed About 2 Tb Ricard or Pernod Yogurt, about 2 Tb per
  serving Garnish: 4 arugula leaves, finely slivered
  
  Heat oil in large pot.  Add leeks and onion; cook over moderately low
  heat, stirring often, until softened, about 10 minutes. Sprinkle with
  fennel and stir for 30 seconds.
  
  Add potatoes, broth, and water.  Simmer for 25 minutes, until soft.
  Add arugula and cook for about 10 minutes longer, or until stems are
  soft. Add salt, pepper and liquor to taste.
  
  Puree to rough or smooth texture, as you like.  Adjust seasoning.
  Serve hot or chilled, topped with yogurt and garnished with arugula
  slivers.
  
  From "Uncommon Fruits and Vegetables" by Elizabeth Schneider.
  
  Posted by Theresa Merkling. Courtesy of Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASADO CON PIMIENTA NEGRA (ROAST BEEF & BLAC
 Categories: Meats, Ethnic, Main dish
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
     10 lb Top round, trimmed of fat
    1/3 c  Black peppercorns
      1 ts Ground cardamon
 
    Wipe the meat on all sides and tie with kitchen string. Place
  peppercorns between waxed paper, and with a rolling pin or meat
  mallet, crack the peppercorns. Mix the cracked peppercorns with
  cardamon and press the mixture into the meat, covering the entire
  surface. Place meat on a rack in a roasting pan and let sit at room
  temperature for 30 minutes before cooking.
    Preheat oven to 500 deg F. Place the pan on the middle rack of the
  oven and roast for 1-1/4 hr for rare; 1-2/3 hr for medium. Remove
  from oven and let stand 20 minutes before carving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASBOURNE GINGERBREAD
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 20 Cookies
 
      8 oz Self-raising flour
      4 oz Margarine
           Pinch of salt
      2 ts Ground ginger
      1 tb Golden syrup
 
  Pre-heat oven to 350oF Mark 4. Sieve flour, salt and ginger together.
  Cream the syrup, margarine and sugar in a bowl, then stir in the dry
  ingredients. Knead to form a smooth dough. Form 1 inch balls, then
  roll into a sausage shape and flatten slightly on a greased baking
  sheet with the back of a fork. Bake until golden brown; approx. 15 to
       20    mins. Cool on a wire rack.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASE JUP JING HA (STEAMED PRAWNS WITH BLACK BE
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Prawns; raw
  1 1/4 tb Beans, black
      1    Garlic cloves; chopped
      1    Scallions; chopped
      1 tb Oil
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Oil
  1 1/2 ts Soy sauce, light
      1 ts Wine, white
      1 ts Oyster sauce
 
    Prepare the prawns by cutting off whiskers, cutting along the top
  of the shell, and deveining them.  Leave the shells on the prawns
  because this keeps the prawns more tender, tasty and plump. Wash,
  drain and put prawns in a pie pan so as to be ready for steaming.
    Wash black beans two times and mash into a paste; then add the
  chopped garlic.
    Combine remaining ingredients, EXCEPT the oil. Pour mixture over
  prawns; then, pour oil on top. Cover and steam 10 minutes. Serve over
  rice.
    SOURCE: Chopstick, Cleaver and Wok.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASH-E JOW (IRANIAN BARLEY SOUP)
 Categories: Vegetables, August, Iran, Iranian
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Dried barley
    1/2 c  Dried green or red lentils
      6 c  Water
      2 md Onions, diced
      2 tb Olive or sunflower oil
      1 tb Dried mint or parsley
      1 ts Turmeric
    1/2 ts Ground black pepper
 
  1) Put everything into a pot and then bring to a gentle boil.
  
  2) Simmer for 1 1/4 hours, stirring occasionally.
  
  3) Serve with feta cheese and salad.
  
  Variations: Fry the onions, in the oil, before putting them in the
  pot. Add 1 cup of cooked chick peas or red kidney beans, a few
  minutes before serving.
  
  From: ab684@freenet.carleton.ca (Walter Brown).  rfvc Digest V94
  Issue #178 Aug. 26, 1994. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASHBOURNE GINGERBREAD(ENGLISH)
 Categories: English
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 oz Self-raising flour
      4 oz Soft brown sugar
      4 oz Margarine
        pn Salt
      2 ts Ground ginger
      1 tb Level golden syrup
 
  Set oven to 350/F or Mark 4. Sieve the flour, salt and ginger
  together. Cream the syrup, margarine and sugar in a bowl, then stir
  in the dry ingredients. Knead the mixture on a floured surface to
  form a smooth dough. Form into a sausage shape, press into an oblong
  and cut into slices. Bake the slices in a greased tin until golden
  brown; approximately 30 minutes. Allow to cool slightly before
  removing from the tin. Some local recipes add a little grated root
  ginger and or a level teaspoon of mixed spice. Gingerbread men were
  made and sold in country towns at Easter Fairs and Autumn Wakes
  Weeks. Fashioned in moulds, they were decorated with coloured hats
  and scarlet or white sugar buttons. They can still be found for sale
  today in Ashbourne and the surrounding area.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASHE ANR (POMEGRANATE SOUP)
 Categories: Soup, Persian
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------
    1/2 lb Ground beef
      1 ea Small onion, grated
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Salt
      8 c  Water
      2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Rice
      1 c  Spinach, chopped
      1 c  Parsley, chopped
    1/2 c  Green onions, chopped
  1 1/2 c  Pomegranate seeds or
      1 c  Pomegranate juice
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 tb Lime juice (optional)

MMMMM-----------------------SPICE FOR SOUP----------------------------
      1 tb Dried mint
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Pepper

MMMMM------------------------PREPARATION-----------------------------
 
  Put the meat in a bowl.  Add grated onions and seasoning and mix
  well. Make meat balls the size of walnuts. Put water in a 3 qt pot.
  Add salt and rice and let cook for 15 minutes.  Add vegetables and
  let cook for another 15 minutes.  Cut fresh pomegranate and take out
  the seeds to make about 1 1/2 cups.  Add meat balls, pomegranate
  seeds, and sugar to the soup and let cook for another 20 minutes on a
  low fire or until the meat is done.
  
  Rub dried mint in the palm of your hands to make it powdery. Add
  cinnamon and pepper to the mint.  Add this to the soup just before
  removing it from the fire.
  
  Taste soup, and if needed add more salt and lime juice for the right
  flavoring.  If the pomegranate is sweet it will require lime juice.
  
  This is a popular winter soup.
  
  Source: In a Persian Kitchen typed by Leonard Smith
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASHE MST (HOT YOGURT SOUP)
 Categories: Soup, Persian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------
    1/2 lb Ground beef
      1 ea Small onion, grated
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      4 c  Yogurt
    1/4 c  Rice
      1 ea Egg
      1 tb Flour
  1 1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
  4 1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  Parsley, chopped
    1/2 c  Green onions, chopped
    1/2 tb Dill (optional)
    1/2 c  Chick peas, canned
      2 ea Clove garlic
      1 tb Dried mint

MMMMM------------------------PREPARATION-----------------------------
 
  Put the meat in a bowl.  Add grated onion and seasoning and mix well.
  Make meat balls the size of walnuts. Put yogurt in a 3-qt pot. Add
  rice, egg, flour, and seasoning and beat well.  Add water and mix.
  Cook over a very low fire, stirring constantly for about 20 minutes
  or until it thickens. Add meat balls to the yogurt mixture and let
  simmer for 10 minutes. Add vegetables and chick peas and let simmer
  for 15 minutes. Stir it often to avoid curdling.
  
  Chop one or two cloves of garlic and saute in butter, add dried mint,
  about 1 tablespoon, and put a teaspoonful of this hot garlic sauce on
  each plate of yogurt soup when serving.
  
  Source:  In a Persian Kitchen typed by Leonard Smith
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASHE RESHTE (NOODLE SOUP)
 Categories: Soup, Persian
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------
    1/2 lb Ground beef
      1 ea Small onion, grated
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/2 ts Salt
      4 c  *to*
      5 c  Water
  1 1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Black-eyed peas
    1/4 c  Lentils
      1 c  Noodles
    1/2 ts Pepper
    1/2 c  Parsley, chopped

MMMMM---------------------SPICE MIX FOR SOUP--------------------------
      1 tb Dried mint
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 ts Cinnamon

MMMMM------------------------PREPARATION-----------------------------
 
  Put the meat in a bowl.  Add grated onions and seasoning, mix well
  and make meat balls the size of walnuts. Put the water in a 3-qt pot.
  Add salt and black-eyed peas and let cook for 15 minutes.  Add meat
  balls, lentils, noodles, pepper and parsley and let simmer on a
  medium fire for about 35 minutes.  Rub dried mint in the palm of your
  hands to make it powdery. Add cinnamon and pepper to the mint.  Add
  this to the soup just before removing it from the fire.
  
  Source:  In a Persian Kitchen typed by Leonard Smith
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASHKENAZIC CHICKEN SOUP & MATZO BALLS WITH FR
 Categories: Soups, Jewish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lb Chicken wings or drumsticks
      9 c  Cold water
      1 lg Onion, peeled
      1 lg Carrot, peeled
      1 sm Parsnip, peeled (opt)
      2    Celery stalks, including
           -leafy tops
      5    Parsley sprigs
      3    Dill sprigs
           Salt
           Pepper
      1 tb Snipped fresh dill

MMMMM------------------------MATZO BALLS-----------------------------
      2 lg Eggs
      2 tb Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Matzo meal
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 tb Water or chicken soup
      2 qt Salted water for simmering
 
  Combine chicken wings, water, onion, carrot, parsnip, celery, parsley
  and dill sprigs, and pinch of salt to a large saucepan and bring to a
  boil. Partly cover and simmer 2 hours, skimming occasionally. Skim
  off excess fat. (Chicken soup can be kept 3 days in refrigerator or
  can be frozen; reheat before serving.)
  
  Make matzo balls: In a medium bowl, lightly beat eggs with oil. Add
  matzo meal, salt and stir until smooth. Stir in water, then let
  mixture stand for 20 minutes so matzo meal absorbs liquid.
  
  Bring salted water to a boil. With wet hands, roll about 1 teaspoon of
  matzo ball mixture between your palms into a ball; mixture will be
  very soft. Set balls on a plate. With a rubber spatula, carefully
  slide balls into boiling water. Cover and simmer over low heat for
  about 30 minutes or until firm. Cover and keep warm until ready to
  serve. (Matzo balls can be kept 2 days in their cooking liquid in a
  covered container in refrigerator; reheat gently in cooking liquid or
  in soup.)
  
  To serve soup, remove chicken wings, onion, celery, parsnip, parsley
  and dill sprigs. Take meat off bones and add to soup; or reserve for
  other uses. Add pepper to soup, stir in snipped dill and taste soup
  for seasoning. Slice carrot and add a few slices to each bowl. With a
  slotted spoon, add a few matzo balls. Serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAGO CHEESE BREAD
 Categories: 
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      9 oz Water
      2 tb Extra-virgin olive oil
  1 1/4 ts Salt
      1 tb Sugar
      3 oz Finely shredded Asiago
           Cheese (1 cup
           Lightly packed)
      1 oz Shredded Romano or Parmesan
           (generous 1/3
           Cup)
    1/2 tb Caraway seeds (optional)
    1/2 c  Yellow cornmeal
  2 3/4 c  Bread flour or unbleached
           Flour
      2 ts Active dry yeast
 
  Place all ingredients in pan of bread machine in order listed, or in
  the order recommended for your machine. (I usually toss the grated
  cheese with the cornmeal before adding it to the pan, to decrease
  clumping.) Set controls for Basic bread with medium crust and start
  machine. Makes one 1.5-pound loaf.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: Pullenj@eagle.Mit.Edu (Pullenj)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN BEEF & NOODLES
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/4 lb Ground beef
      2 pk Instant ramen noodles
           -(3oz ea) Oriental flavor
      2 c  Frozen vegetable mixture
    1/4 ts Ground ginger
      2 tb Thinly sliced green onion
 
  1. In large skillet, brown ground beef over medium heat 8 to 10
  minutes or until no longer pink, breaking up into 3/4 inch crumbles.
  Remove with slotted spoon; pour off drippings. Season beef with one
  seasoning packet from noodles; set aside.
  
  2. In same skillet, combine 2 cups water, noodles (broken into several
  pieces), vegetables, ginger and remaining seasoning packet. Bring to
  boil; reduce heat. Cover; simmer 3 minutes or until noodles are
  tender, stirring occasionally.
  
  3. Return beef to skillet; heat through. Stir in green onion before
  serving.
  
  * COOKFDN brings you this recipe with permission from: * Texas Beef
  Council -- http://www.txbeef.org
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN BEEF & NOODLES
 Categories: Main dish, Diabetic
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/4 lb Ground beef
      2 pk Oriental flavor instant
           -ramen noodles (3 oz. each)
      2 c  Frozen vegetable mixture
      2 c  Water
    1/4 ts Ground ginger
      2 tb Thinly sliced green onion
 
  1. In large nonstick skillet, brown ground beef over medium heat 10
  to 12 minutes or until beef is no longer pink, breaking up into 3/4"
  pieces. Remove with slotted spoon; pour off drippings. Season beef
  with one seasoning packet from noodles; set aside. 2. In same
  skillet, combine water, vegetables, noodles (broken up), ginger and
  remaining seasoning packet. Bring to a boil; reduce heat. Cover;
  simmer 3 minutes or until noodles are tender, stirring occasionally.
  Return beef to skillet, stir in green onion. Makes 4 servings.
  
  Typed by R. Thompson [r-thompson@usa.net] March 1997 From: National
  Cattlemen's Association and Beef Board
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN BEEF KABOBS
 Categories: Appetizers, Meats
      Yield: 16 Appetizers
 
      1 lb Beef top sirloin steak
           -(boneless), 1" thick
           - well-trimmed
      6    Green onions
           - cut into 1 1/2" pieces

MMMMM--------------------------MARINADE-------------------------------
    1/4 c  Packed brown sugar
      3 tb Dry sherry
      3 tb Soy sauce
      2 ts Dark seasame oil
      2    Garlic cloves; crushed
    1/2 ts Ground ginger
 
  Cooking & preparation time: 25 min
  
  1. Cut steak crosswise into 1/4" thick strips. Combine marinade
  ingredients. Place beef and 1/2 of marinade in plastic bag. turning to
  coat; close securely. Marinate in refrigerator 20 minutes; reserve
  remaining marinade.
  
  2. Meanwhile soak 16 (6") bamboo skewers in water 10 minutes; drain.
  Remove beef from marinade; discard marinade. Alternately thread beef
  (weaving back and forth) and green onion onto skewers.
  
  3. Place kabobs on rack in broiler pan so surface of kabobs is 3 to
  4" from heat. Broil 5 to 6 minutes, turning once. Brush kabobs with
  reserved marinade during last 2 minutes.
  
  * COOKFDN brings you this recipe with permission from: * Texas Beef
  Council -- http://www.txbeef.org
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN BLACK BEAN MARINADE
 Categories: Marinades, Bar-b-q
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------FOR POULTRY, PORK, LAMB-----------------------
      2 tb Black bean sauce
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
      2 tb Dry sherry
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 tb Sesame oil
 
  Combine all ingredients in a bowl.  Makes about 1/2 cup
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN BLACK BEAN SAUCE
 Categories: Asian, Beans, Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 tb Peanut oil
      2 tb Fermented black beans --
           Rinsed and drained
      1 tb Garlic -- minced
    1/2 c  Chicken broth
      1 tb Soy sauce
      2 tb Rice wine
      1 ts Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Cornstarch
 
  Heat a wok or heavy skillet over medium-high heat. Add the oil, the
  black beans and garlic. Stir-fry about 12 seconds. Add the rest of the
  ingredients and stir-fry about 1 minute or until sauce thickens. Makes
  about 3/4 cup sauce.
  
  Recipe By     : Sun-Sentinel  (4-11-96)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN CARROT SOUP
 Categories: None
      Yield: 6 Cups
 
  1 1/2 ts Oriental sesame oil
     10 lg Green onions, sliced
      1 lg Sweet potato, peeled,chopped
      1 lb Carrots, peeled, sliced
     29 oz Vegetable broth
  1 1/2 c  Water
      1    Inch-square fresh ginger,
           -peeled
           Salt
           Snipped fresh chives
 
  1. Heat oil in 3-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. When hot, add
  onion. Cook until softened, about 3 minutes, stirring often. Add
  sweet potato, carrots, vegetable broth and water. Heat to a boil.
  Simmer, covered, until vegetables are very soft, about 25 minutes.
  
  2. Strain solids from liquid, reserving broth. Puree solids with
  ginger in blender or food processor. Add 1 cup liquid and puree
  mixture until very smooth, about 1 minute. Stir mixture into
  remaining liquid. Season to taste. Soup can be served hot or chilled.
  It will last in the refrigerator for up to three days and freezes
  well. To serve, garnish with snipped chives.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN CHICKEN & NOODLES
 Categories: Pasta, Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 oz Uncooked Medium Egg Noodles
      1 tb Vegetable or olive oil
      1 lb Boneless chicken breasts
           - (without skin)
           - cut into julienne strips
           - (1 1/2 x 1/4-inch)
      2    Carrots
           - peeled and thinly sliced
      1 bn Scallions; chopped
    1/2    Red bell pepper
           - thinly sliced
    1/4 c  Low-sodium soy sauce
      1 c  Chopped celery
      4 oz Sliced water chestnuts
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
    1/2 ts White pepper
      1 ts Dried cilantro
      2 tb Toasted almonds (optional)
 
  Prepare egg noodles according to package directions; drain.
  
  In a large skillet or wok, saute chicken, carrots, scallions and red
  bell pepper in oil until chicken is opaque and white, about 4
  minutes, stirring constantly. Add soy sauce, celery, water chestnuts,
  garlic powder, white pepper and cilantro. Mix all ingredients
  together, cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Stir in cooked egg noodles.
  Sprinkle with toasted almonds, if desired.
  
  Each serving provides: 307 Calories; 31.9 g Protein; 26.6 g
  Carbohydrates; 8 g Fat; 84.4 mg Cholesterol;
     1155 mg Sodium.
  
  Copyright National Pasta Association (http://www.ilovepasta.org)
  (Reprinted with permission)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN COLESLAW
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-fat
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  1 1/2 tb Oil, olive;
      3 tb Lemon juice;
  1 1/2 tb Balsamic vinegar;
    1/2 c  Rice vinegar;
  1 1/2 ts Maple syrup;
    3/4 ts Salt;
    1/4 ts Pepper, black; ground
    1/4 ts Pepper, cayenne; -=or=- more
           -if desired
      6 c  Red cabbage; thinly sliced
    3/8 c  Parsley; chopped
      3 tb Cilantro; chopped
    3/8 c  Onions, red; minced
 
  IN a large bowl, combine oil, lemon juice, vinegars, maple syrup,
  salt, black pepper, and cayenne.  Toss with cabbage; let stand at room
  temperature for 1 hour. Taste for seasoning and adjust if necessary,
  toss in parsley, cilantro and red onion.  Serve at room temperature.
  Makes 8 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN CREPINETTES
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lb Ground Lamb
      4 tb Fresh Asian or reg. Basil
           - (finely chopped)
      3 tb Minced Fresh Coriander
      1 tb Finely chopped Ginger
      2 ts Finely chopped Garlic
      1 ts Salt
      2 ts Sichuan Peppercorns
           - roasted and ground
      2 ts Coarse. chopped dried chiles
      1 tb Light soy sauce
      1 tb Dark soy sauce
      2 tb Rice wine or dry sherry
      2 ts Chinese sesame oil
    1/2 lb Caul fat or crepinette
 
  This is an Asian twist on a French appetizer. Caul fat can be ordered
  from your local butcher.
  
  SOAK THE CAUL FAT in a bowl of cold water; this will allow the caul
  fat to unravel easily. In a medium-sized bowl, mix the ground lamb
  with all the ingredients except the caul fat. Cut the caul fat into
  20 (5-inch) squares. Lay out a square of caul fat and place several
  tablespoons of lamb mixture onto one end. Fold the sides in to form a
  package. Repeat until you have used up all the lamb. Recipe can be
  done ahead to this point and refrigerated. Wrap the crepinettes well
  in plastic wrap and refrigerate. Approximately 40 minutes before you
  are ready to cook, make a charcoal fire and, when the coals are ash
  white, grill the crepinettes for about 8 minutes on each side, or
  until they are done (firm to the touch). Makes 6 to 8 Servings
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN FISH ROLLS IN RICE-PAPER WRAPPERS
 Categories: Fish, Main dish, Low-cal
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           TOMATO-GINGER DIPPING SAUCE
    3/4 c  Tomato puree
      2 tb Lime juice
      1 ts Grated gingerroot
      1 ts Reduced-sodium soy sauce
    1/2 ts Sesame oil
    1/2 ts Chile paste or 1 teaspoon
           --finely chopped hot chile
           ----------------------------
           ASIAN FISH ROLLS RECIPE
      2 c  Bean sprouts
      2 c  Shredded napa (Chinese)
           --cabbage
      2 c  Chinese pea pods, cut into
           --julienne strips
     18 ea 6" rice-paper wrappers
    3/4 lb Finely chopped cooked sea
           --bass or whitefish (2 cups)
    1/3 c  Chopped fresh cilantro leafs
      3 tb Finely chopped unsalted
           --roasted peanuts
 
  FOR TOMATO-GINGER DIPPING SAUCE: Mix all ingredients in small glass or
  plastic bowl. Cover and refrigerate until serving time. FOR ASIAN
  FISH ROLL RECIPE: Prepare Tomato-Ginger Dipping Sauce. Heat 1 inch
  water to boiling or place steamer basket in 1/2 inch water (water
  should not touch bottom of basket) and heat to boiling. Add bean
  sprouts. Cover and cook or steam 2 minutes. Immediately rinse in cold
  water; drain. Repeat with cabbage and pea pods. Place rice-paper
  wrappers, 2 at a time in bowl of hot water 45 seconds. Remove and
  place on plate.  When completely soft, separate wrappers. Place about
  2 tablespoons fish, 1 tablepsoon each bean sprouts, cabbage and pea
  pods, 1 teaspoon cilantro and 1/2 teaspoon peanuts in center of each
  wrapper. Fold one end of wrapper up about 1 inch over filling; fold
  right and left sides in over folded end. Fold remaining end down,
  wrapping around roll.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN FLAVOR MARINADE
 Categories: Marinade
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Fresh orange juice
    2/3 c  Fresh lemon juice
    2/3 c  Fresh lime juice
      6 tb Sake or a good rice-wine
           Vinegar
      6    Scallions sliced thin
           (white part only)
      2 sm Jalapenos sliced into very
           Thin rounds
      1 ts Red-pepper flakes
      1 tb Grated orange zest
 
  This marinade works exceptionally well with seafood but is quite
  tasty with poultry or pork. Mix ingredients in a bowl and marinate
  your seafood, chicken or pork.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN GRAVLOX WITH CHAYOTE CAVIAR SALAD
 Categories: 
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        4    stalks lemongrass
        6    leaves kaffir lime
        1 c  shallots
      1/2 c  ginger, peeled
      1/2 c  ground, toasted coriander
      1/2 c  ground, toasted star anise
      1/4 c  ground, toasted Szechwan
  :          peppercorns
      1/2 c  ground, toasted fennel
      1/2 c  ground, toasted white
  :          peppercorns
        2 c  kosher salt
        2 c  sugar
        1    side salmon, skin off
  
  In a food processor, combine first 4 ingredients until pureed. Add
  spices then salt and sugar. Completely coat both sides of the salmon,
  tightly cover and refrigerate overnight, (minimum of 16 hours).
  Thoroughly rub off cure. Slice very thin on the bias.
  
  Recipe By     : CHEF DU JOUR SHOW #DJ9306
  
  From: Minnie@juno.Com (Louise M Mccartndate: Fri, 25 Oct 1996
  14:13:45 Pst
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN GREEN BEAN SALAD
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        1 lb long green beans, trimmed,
  :          cooked, -- and cooled
        1 ts crushed red pepper flakes
        2 TB rice vinegar
        1 ts chopped garlic
      1/4 c  olive oil
        2 TB sesame oil
        2 c  cherry tomatoes, -- halved
        2 TB crushed toasted peanuts
  :          Salt and pepper
  
  In a bowl toss all ingredients together. Season to taste with salt and
  pepper. Serve at room temperature.
  
  Recipe By     : ESSENCE OF EMERIL SHOW
  
                                        Date: 09/26/96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN GUACAMOLE
 Categories: Dips, Mexican
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 tb Black or white sesame seed
      1 lg Firm-ripe avacado
      1 tb Shredded pickled ginger
      3 tb Seasoned rice vinegar
           -OR
      3 tb Cider vinegar,mixed with
      1 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Wasabi powder or
           -prepared horseradish

MMMMM---------------------POTSTICKER CRISPS--------------------------
     12    Round potsticker skins
 
  Place sesame seed in a 7-8" frying pan over medium-high heat. Shake
  pan often until seed begins to pop, 3-4 minutes. Pour from pan; set
  aside to cool.
  
  Peel and pit avacado; dice into a bowl. Add 1/2 teaspoon sesame seed,
  ginger, vinegar, and wasabi; mix gently. Transfer to a serving bowl
  and sprinkle with remaining seed. Serve with potsticker crisps.
  
  Per serving: 81 calories; 1.1 grams protein; 7.2 grams fat; (1.1 grams
  saturated fat); 4.8 grams carbohydrates; 27 milligrams sodium; 0
  milligrams cholesterol.
  
  *** POTSTICKER CRISPS ***
  
  One at a time, dip potsticker skins in water; shake off excess. Lay
  in a single layer on a greased 12x15" baking sheet.
  
  Bake in a 450'F. oven until browned and crisp, 4-8 minutes, depending
  on thickness. Cool on racks. If made ahead, package airtight and
  store at room temperature up to 2 days.
  
  Per crisp: 39 calories; 1.8 grams protein; 0.1 grams fat; (0 grams
  saturated fat); 7.8 grams carbohydrates; 3.9 milligrams sodium; 0
  milligrams cholesterol.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN HOT-QUE GRILL SAUCE FOR CHICKEN~ BEEF O
 Categories: Chinese, Condiments
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
      2 tb Brown sugar
      2 tb Red wine vinegar
      1 c  Ketchup
    1/2    To 1 teaspoon Chinese hot
           -mustard
      1 lg Garlic clove, minced
      1 tb Soy sauce
      1    To 3 teaspoons Asian chile
           -paste with garlic
 
  Combine all ingredients except chile paste in a small saucepan. Bring
  to a boil, then turn off heat. Stir in chile paste. Makes 1 1/4 cups.
  To use: Brush on chicken, beef or pork while grilling.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN MARINADE
 Categories: June 1996 i, Marinades, Sauces, Salsas
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Fresh orange juice
    1/3 c  Fresh lemon juice
    1/3 c  Fresh lime juice
      3 tb Rice wine vinegar
    1/2 c  Low sodium soy sauce
      3    Whole scallions -- thinly
           Sliced
           White, lt. green onl
      1 sm Jalapeno -- sliced thin,
           Crosswi
    1/2 ts Red pepper flakes
      8    Thin strips orange zest
 
  Mix all ingredients in a medium bowl. Use to marinade shellfish,
  chicken or pork.
  
  Recipe By     : Martha Stewart Living, June 1996
  
  From: "Dax C. Davis" <dax@airmail.Net>date: Sat, 13 Jul 1996 07:12:31
  ~0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN MARINADE (FOR FISH)
 Categories: Seafood, Spices
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Soy sauce or tamari
      2 tb Dark sesame oil
      2 tb Rice vinegar
      1 tb Minced garlic
      1 tb Minced ginger
      1    Scallion, sliced thin
           - (about 2 tb)
           Ground black pepper to taste
 
    Marinate fish for 30 minutes, turning after 15 minutes. Then grill
  for about 8 minutes.
  
    printed in Rochester, NY _Times_Union_ 11/29/93 Posted in COOKING
  by: Jean Cody 12/1/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN MARINATED EGGPLANT
 Categories: Chinese, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Tamari
      2 tb Loosely packed cilantro
           -(coriander or chinese
           Parsley) leaves
      1 tb Rice wine vinegar
      1 ts Toasted sesame oil
  1 1/2    Med. cloves garlic, smashed
           -and peeled
    3/8 oz Peeled fresh ginger (1 by
           -1/4 piece cut
           Crosswise into 1/4 inch
           -slices
      4 md Sized (2 oz. each) Chinese
           -eggplants *
 
  * (here they call them Japanese - the small skinny light purple or
  lavender ones)
  
  Combine all ingredients EXCEPT EGGPLANT in a blender or processor.
  Process until smooth. Prick th eggplants several times with a fork
  and pull off the leaves.  Cut in half lengthwise. On the open side of
  each half make three deep diagonal slashes in each direction. Place
  eggplants skin side down in a 13x9x2 oval dish.
  
  Spoon 1 1/2 teaspoons of the marinade over each eggplant half. Rub
  into flesh so that it runs into the cuts. Turn eggplants skin side
  up. Pour remaining marinade into the dish. Let stand 45 minutes.
  
  Turn eggplants skin side down. Cover tightly with microwave plastic
  wrap. Cook at high power for 10 minutes. Prick plastic to release
  steam. Remove, uncover, spoon sauce over eggplants. Serve as side
  dish. Recommended with grilled fish steak or chicken breast (of
  course I'd baste that with a soy based marinade).
  
  I may try this over a wok steamer rather than in the microwave.
  
  WHICH REMINDS ME: Stephen, I love a dish which I have seen referred
  to as Yu Shaing Eggplant. Based on a Yu Shaing sauce. Which is, to
  some extent, translated as fish sauce (I know the yu or ju is fish)
  not made from it but to go with it, I gather. It is certainly not
  nuoc mam but I don't know if it contains it. It is rather hot and by
  flavor I would guess it comes from the northern provinces - perhaps
  NE end of China. I have also had it with fresh pork strings.
  Glorious. Do you have any idea what it is or a recipe??? I have been
  unable to find it anywhere in my Chinese library. The restaurant
  where I eat it is not one to give recipes or ingredients to
  non-Chinese (if they'd give it to the Chinese. The place is popular
  with the newer Chinese community here. (The old timers are all
  Cantonese and so well integrated that they probably consider red
  beans and rice their dish).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN MILLET SALAD
 Categories: Digest, July
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Cooked millet
      6 tb Mirin or dry sherry
      1    10-oz  package of tofu,
           Diced
      3 tb Soy sauce
    3/4 c  Chopped snow peas
  1 1/2 tb Rice or cider vinegar
    3/4 c  Frozen peas, thawed
      1    Clove garlic, minced
      1    8-oz  can sliced water
           Chestnuts
      1 ts Sugar (or other sweetener)
    1/2 c  Chopped scallion
 
  In a large bowl, combine the millet, tofu, snow peas, peas, water
  chestnuts, and scallion.
  
  In a small bowl, stir together the mirin, soy sauce, venegar, garlic,
  and sugar.  Pour over the salad and toss to combine.
  
  Although the original recipes didn't say to, I let both of these
  salads chill for awhile to let the flavors blend before I served
  them. I think that this step is a particularly good idea for the
  Asian Millet salad, as it allows the tofu to absorb the flavors of
  the dressing. If you try these, I hope you enjoy them as much as I
  did!
  
  From: "Hayes Theiling Dorton, MPL Corporation" <hayes@mplvax.mpl.com>.
  Fatfree Digest [Volume 9 Issue 16] July 7, 1994. Formatted by Sue
  Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN NOODLE SALAD WITH CHILIES & PEANUTS
 Categories: Pasta, Salad/dress, Vegan
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Dried soba noodles
           -OR- spaghetti
    1/4 c  Oriental sesame oil
    1/4 c  Soy sauce
      2 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 tb Balsamic vinegar
           -OR- red wine vinegar
      2 ts Salt
      1 c  Chopped fresh cilantro
      8    Green onions; thinly sliced
      2 tb Minced jalapeno chilies
           -- red or green
  1 1/2 c  Dry-roasted peanuts
           -- (lightly salted,
           -- coarsely chopped)
 
  Cook noodles in large pot of rapidly boiling salted water until just
  tender but still firm to bite; stirring occasionally. Drain. Rinse
  noodles with cold water until cool.  Drain well.  Transfer to large
  bowl. Combine sesame oil, soy sauce, sugar, vinegar and salt in small
  bowl. Stir to dissolve sugar.  Add to noodles. Add chopped fresh
  cilantro, green onions and jalapeno chilies and mix well.  (Salad can
  be prepared 1 day ahead. Cover and refrigerate.) Sprinkle chopped
  peanuts over salad and serve.
  
  Source: Bon Appetit - January 1994 Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
  From: Karen Mintzias
                  Date: 18 Jun 94
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN NOODLE STIR-FRY
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Cellophane noodles
      1 tb Peanut oil
      1 lb Fresh mushrooms
     10 oz Spinach, chopped
      1 ea Lg red pepper, cut in strips
      1 ea Medium onion, diced
      2 ea Zucchini, cut in strips
      2 ts Minced garlic
      2 tb Soy sauce
    1/4 c  Chicken broth
    1/2 c  Thai peanut sauce
 
  Prepare noodles according to package directions (cook 4-6 minutes, or
  to taste); set aside.  In large skillet or wok heat oil on medium
  heat until sizzling. Add mushrooms, spinach, bell pepper, zucchini,
  onion and garlic, and stir fry 3-4 minutes.  Add soy sauce, sugar,
  chicken broth and noodles. Toss gently and heat through
  (approximately 1 minute). Immediately before serving pour your peanut
  sauce over top.
  
  Purchase Thai Peanut Sauce in oriental section of your grocery or at
  oriental market.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN PEAR & LYCHE STRUDEL
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes, Fruits, Chinese, Myan
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 ea Phyllo dough, sheets
    1/4 c  Butter, melted
    1/3 c  Coconut, toasted,
           -- shredded
      2 c  Lyche, seeded, halved
    1/4 c  Walnut, roasted, chopped
    1/4 c  Raisins, soaked in
           -- plum wine
      3 tb Ginger, candied
  1 1/2 c  Asian pear, peeled, diced
      1 ts Zest, lemon
      1 tb Sugar
      1 tb Juice, lime OR
      1 tb Juice, lemon
      1 ts Five spice, powder
      1 tb Wine, plum
           Sugar, confectioner's
 
  Filling: ========
  
       Soak your golden raisins in plum wine overnight or longer.
  
       Depending on the ingredients available to you, mix appropriate
  quantities up so as to fill the dough. You can certainly use more or
  less of each ingredient to suit your individual tastes. You'll need
  about four cups total filling.
  
  Assembly: =========
  
       Spread the two sheets of phyllo dough out on your work surface,
  one on top of the other.  Paint the top layer of dough with some of
  the melted better and then spread a nice thin layer of toasted
  coconut over the entire pastry.
  
       Pour your filling along the long edge of the phyllo dough, and
  roll the dough up as tightly as possible (remember to fold in the
  ends as you roll so the ends are "sealed") and put on a non-stick
  baking sheet.
  
       Paint the top of the roll with melted butter and bake at 350 F
  until the dough is golden brown.
  
       When done, take the strudel out of the oven and let it cool on a
  rack. Just before serving, sprinkle a little powdered sugar over the
  top. Slice the roll on a diagonal for a more attractive presentation.
  
       For elegant presentation, you might serve the strudel pieces on a
  plate with slices of kiwi, orange, lemon, and pear as garnish.
  
       Source: "Yan Can Cook,"  Martin Yan
       :       PBS Series, 11/8/94
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN PEAR & LYCHE STRUDEL
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes, Fruits, Chinese
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3    Phyllo dough, sheets
    1/4 c  Butter, melted
    1/3 c  Coconut, toasted,
           -- shredded
      2 c  Lyche, seeded, halved
    1/4 c  Walnut, roasted, chopped
    1/4 c  Raisins, soaked in
           -- plum wine
      3 tb Ginger, candied
  1 1/2 c  Asian pear, peeled, diced
      1 ts Zest, lemon
      1 tb Sugar
      1 tb Juice, lime OR
      1 tb Juice, lemon
      1 ts Five spice, powder
      1 tb Wine, plum
           Sugar, confectioner's
 
  Filling: ========
  
       Soak your golden raisins in plum wine overnight or longer.
  
       Depending on the ingredients available to you, mix appropriate
  quantities up so as to fill the dough. You can certainly use more or
  less of each ingredient to suit your individual tastes. You'll need
  about four cups total filling.
  
  Assembly: =========
  
       Spread the two sheets of phyllo dough out on your work surface,
  one on top of the other.  Paint the top layer of dough with some of
  the melted better and then spread a nice thin layer of toasted
  coconut over the entire pastry.
  
       Pour your filling along the long edge of the phyllo dough, and
  roll the dough up as tightly as possible (remember to fold in the
  ends as you roll so the ends are "sealed") and put on a non-stick
  baking sheet.
  
       Paint the top of the roll with melted butter and bake at 350 F
  until the dough is golden brown.
  
       When done, take the strudel out of the oven and let it cool on a
  rack. Just before serving, sprinkle a little powdered sugar over the
  top. Slice the roll on a diagonal for a more attractive presentation.
  
       For elegant presentation, you might serve the strudel pieces on a
  plate with slices of kiwi, orange, lemon, and pear as garnish.
  
       Source: "Yan Can Cook,"  Martin Yan
       :       PBS Series, 11/8/94
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN PEARS WITH GINGER-MAPLE SYRUP
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Water
      1 tb Matchstick size pieces
           -peeled fresh ginger
      1 c  Pure maple syrup
      2 tb Whiskey or brandy
      1 ts Fresh lemon juice
      1 ts Grated lemon peel
    1/2 ts Ground nutmeg
      4    7 oz. chilled Asian pears
      2 tb Finely chopped crystallized
           -ginger
      1 tb Finely chopped fresh mint
           -leaves
 
  Combine 1/4 cup water and fresh ginger in heavy medium saucepan.
  Cover; simmer until ginger is tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in syrup,
  whiskey, lemon juice, lemon peel and nutmeg. Simmer 10 minutes to
  blend flavors, stirring occasionally.  (Can be made 2 days ahead.
  Cover; chill. Bring to simmer before continuing).
  
  Slice pears into rounds.  Overlap rounds on each plate. Drizzle sauce
  over. Top with crystallized ginger and mint. Yield: 6 servings Typed
  in MMFormat by cjhartlin@msn.com  Source: Bon Appetit
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN PESTO
 Categories: Main dish, Pasta, Sauces, Vegetarian
      Yield: 2 1/2 cups
 
      1 c  Oil
    1/2 c  Peanuts
      2 sm Green chile peppers,
           -- seeded
      1 tb Ginger, chopped
      4 ea Garlic cloves
  1 1/2 c  Basil leaves
    1/4 c  Mint leaves
    1/4 c  Cilantro leaves
      3 tb Lemon juice
  1 1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Sugar
 
  Heat oil in a small skillet until nearly smoking, then remove from
  the heat and add the peanuts. Allow to sit until lightly browned.
  Remove the nuts with a slotted spoon and drain, reserving the oil.
  Put the peanuts in a food processor or blender and blend to a rough
  paste. Add the chilies, ginger and garlic and continue to blend, Add
  the herbs and a little of the reserved oil, and continue to blend.
  Add the salt, sugar and lemon juice, and blend until the herbs are
  very finely minced. Transfer the mixture to a serving bowl and stir
  in the remaining oil. Serve along side warm or cold noodles, and
  allow each eater to spoon sauce to taste over a helping of noodles.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN PORTERHOUSE
 Categories: Meats, Bar-b-q
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lg Porterhouse steaks
           - about 1-to-1 1/4-lb each
           Freshly ground black pepper

MMMMM--------------------------MARINADE-------------------------------
      1 tb Dark soy sauce
      2 tb Light soy sauce
      2 tb Oyster sauce
      1 tb Chili bean sauce or paste
      1 tb Sugar
      1 tb Fish sauce
      1 tb Rice wine
      2 ts Sesame oil
 
  BRING THE STEAKS to room temperature. Sprinkle with the freshly ground
  black pepper. In a medium-sized bowl, mix all the marinade ingredients
  together and spread this evenly over each side of the steaks. Allow
  to sit and marinate at room temperature for at least 1 hour.
  Approximately 40 minutes before you are ready to cook, make a
  charcoal fire and, when the coals are ash white, grill the steaks on
  each side for about 5-to-10 minutes, depending on their thickness and
  your taste.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN RICE PILAF
 Categories: Rice, Side dish
      Yield: 4 Cups
 
      2    14-oz cans chicken broth,
           Fat skimmed from top
    1/2 c  Water
      2 c  Uncooked white long-grain
           Rice
      1 tb Sesame oil
      2 ts Soy sauce
    1/2 ts Powdered ginger
    1/2 c  Frozen peas
 
  1. In a large pan, combine the broth and water; add the rice and
  bring to a boil.  Continue boiling until the level of the liquid just
  covers the rice. Turn the heat to low, cover and cook 15 minutes. 2.
  While the rice is cooking, combine the sesame oil, soy sauce and
  ginger. Stir into the cooked rice with the peas. 3. Serve half of the
  recipe hot for a side-dish. Store the remaining in the refrigerator
  to use as a base for rice salad.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN RICE SALAD
 Categories: Rice, Salad
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Leftover Asian rice pilaf
      2    Cloves garlic, minced (or
           1 teaspoon bottled)
    1/2 c  Sliced water chestnuts,
           Coarsely chopped
    1/4 c  Thin carrot slices
    1/4 c  Thin celery slices
      1 tb Roasted peanuts, coarsely
           Chopped
      3 tb Oil (preferably peanut)
      1    To 3 tablespoons rice or red
           Wine vinegar
    1/2 ts Sugar
           Optional:
      3    Green onions (white and
           Green tops), sliced
 
  1. Fluff leftover rice pilaf with a fork.  Add garlic, water
  chestnuts, carrots, celery, green onions and peanuts. 2. Combine oil,
  vinegar and sugar in a small jar, cover and shake to combine. Pour
  over the salad and serve at once.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN SALMON BURGERS
 Categories: Entrees, Seafood
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        1 lg cucumber -- (about 1 pound)
        1 TB cider vinegar
    1 1/2 ts sugar
      1/4 ts dried hot red pepper flakes
        1 lg egg white
        1 TB soy sauce
      1/2 ts fresh gingerroot -- grated &
  :          peeled
      3/4 lb salmon fillet, skin
  :          discarded -- cut into
      1/4    -inch
  :          piece
      1/2 c  fine fresh bread crumbs
        2    scallions, -- chopped fine
        1 ts mustard seeds
        1 ts vegetable oil
        4 sm green-leaf lettuce leaves
        8 sl firm pumpernickel -- (about
       10    ounces)
  
  With a Japanese rotary slicer, cut cucumber into 1 long spiral.
  (Alternatively, with a sharp knife cut cucumber into very thin
  slices.) In a bowl toss cucumber with vinegar, sugar, red pepper
  flakes, and salt to taste.
  
  In another bowl whisk together egg white, soy sauce and gingerroot
  until combined well and stir in salmon, bread crumbs, scallions,
  mustard seeds, and salt to taste. In a food processor puree 1/3 cup
  salmon mixture and return to salmon mixture remaining in bowl.
  (Alternatively, chop 1/3 cup salmon mixture fine and mash to a paste
  with flat side of a knife.) Stir mixture to combine and form into
  four 3/4-inch-thick patties. Drain cucumber well.
  
  In a large non-stick skillet heat oil over moderately high heat until
  hot but not smoking and cook patties until golden, about 2 minutes on
  each side. Cook patties, covered, over moderate heat until just
  cooked through, about 5 minutes more. Arrange lettuce leaves on 4
  pumpernickel slices and top with salmon burgers, pickled cucumber,
  and remaining 4 pumpernickel slices.
  
  Yield: 4 sandwiches
  
  Recipe By     : COOKING LIVE
  
  From:	matejka@bga.Com (Anita A. Matejkadate:	96-09-09 23:43:38 Edt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN SLAW & VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Edible-pod pea slivers
      1 c  Carrots,shredded
      2 c  Finely cut shreds cabbage
    1/2 c  Fine slivers fresh ginger
  1 1/2 tb Oriental sesame oil
    1/4 c  Reduced-sodium soy sauce
  1 1/2 tb Rice vinegar
  1 1/2 tb Mirin (sweet sake)
  1 1/2 tb Sugar
  1 1/2 tb Lime juice
      1    Small garlic clove,minced
 
  1. In a bowl, mix peas, carrots and cabbage.
  2. In a 6-8" frying pan on medium-high heat, mix ginger and sesame
  oil; stir until golden, 2-3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in soy
  sauce, rice vinegar, mirin, sugar, lime juice, and garlic.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN STEAK & ASPARAGUS NOODLE SALAD
 Categories: Salad, Beef, Resort
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus
      2    Carrots
      2 ts Vegetable oil
    3/4 lb Beef sirloin, strips
      3 cl Garlic, minced
      1 ts Cumin, ground
    1/2 ts Chili paste or hot sauce
      1 tb Lime juice
    1/2 lb Wide rice stick noodles
           Coriander leaves

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
    1/3 c  Peanut butter
    1/4 c  Soy sauce
      3 tb Lime juice
      1 tb Sesame oil
      2 tb Water
      1 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Chili paste
      1 cl Garlic
    1/4 c  Fresh chopped Coriander
 
  Cut asparagus diagonally into 1 1/2 inch lenths. Peel and slice
  carrots diagonally.
  
  DRESSING: In salad bowl, whisk peanut butter, soy sauce, lime juice,
  water, oil, sugar, chili paste and garlic; stir in coriander.
  
  In wok, heat oil over high heat; stir-fry beef, garlic, cumin and
  chili paste for 2-3 minutes or until beef is browned but still pink
  inside. Add lime juice; stir-fry for 15 seconds. Add to dressing and
  toss to coat.
  
  In large pot of boiling salted water, cook noodles, asparagus and
  carrots for 4 minutes or until noodles are firm and vegetables are
  tender crisp. Drain and cool under running water; drain again and add
  to bowl. Toss with beef mixture until coated. Garnish with coriander
  
  Approx. 540 cal, 33 g pro, 19 g fat, 61 g carb, excellent source of
  iron, high source fiber
  
  Typed by James Lowey
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN STIR-FRIED BROCCOLI
 Categories: New import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      2    Cloves garlic, minced
      1 ts Grated fresh ginger
      1 sm Onion, sliced
      1 lb Broccoli florets (about 4
           Cups)
    1/2    Red bell pepper, sliced in
           Thin strips
      2 tb Water
      1 tb Cooking sherry
      1 tb Oyster sauce or reduced
           Sodium soy sauce
 
  Heat oil in a skillet or wok. Add garlic and ginger and stir-fry for
  15 seconds. Add onions and stir-fry until wilted, about 1 minute. Add
  broccoli and red pepper and mix well. Add the water and cover,
  cooking over medium heat for 3 to 5 minutes, or until broccoli is
  crisp-tender. Mix sherry and oyster sauce or soy sauce in a small
  container. Drizzle over vegetables and toss well to mix. Makes 4 to 6
  servings.
  
  Per serving: Calories 62 Fat 3g No cholesterol Sodium 167 mg Percent
  calories from fat  41%
  
  Dallas Morning News 10/16/96 Typos by Bobbie Beers
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN STUFFED MUSHROOMS
 Categories: Brenda, Cookbook, Vegetarian, Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
        1 lb mushrooms -- large ones
        2 TB canola oil
        3 lg garlic cloves -- peeled and
  :          minced
        2 TB ginger -- peeled and minced
  :          fresh
      3/4 c  red bell pepper -- finely
  :          chopped  (1
  :       md pepper)
  :          I stalk bok choy -- chopped
  :          (1/2 cup)
        1 ts sesame oil
        1 TB tamari -- or soy sauce
      1/2 ts salt
      1/2 c  fresh bread crumbs
      1/4 ts chili paste with garlic
        3    scallions -- thinly sliced
        1 TB fresh lemon juice
  
  Preheat the oven to 375 F degrees. Grease a baking pan.
  
  Pull the stems from the mushroom caps and chop them finelv. Place the
  caps in the prepared baking pan.
  
  Heat the canola oil in a skillet over medium heat. Saute' the garlic
  ginger. and red bell pepper just until tender, about 3 minutes. (Stir
  in a tablespoon or two of water if the ginger begins to stick.)
  
  Stir in the chopped mushroom stems and the bok choy. Cook until the
  mushrooms are tender and the liquid has evaporated, about 5 minutes
  more.
  
  Remove the pan from the heat, and stir in the sesame oil, tamari salt,
  bread crumbs, chili paste, scallions, and lemon juice.
  
  Using a teaspoon, stuff the mushroom caps with the filling. Bake for
  20 to 25 minutes, until the caps are tender. Serve immediately.
  
  Ginny Callan, Beyond The Moon Cookbook, more vegetarian recipes from
  the author of Horn of the Moon cookbook Adapted for Mastercook
  software by Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>
  
  Recipe By     : Ginny Callan, Beyond The Moon Cookbook
  
  From: Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmaidate: Fri, 25 Oct 1996 23:38:25
  ~0700
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN VEGETABLE SAUCE
 Categories: Chinese, Sauces
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 tb Sesame oil or chili oil
      2    Cloves garlic, minced
      1 tb Grated fresh ginger root
      1 ts Cornstarch
    1/4 c  Coy sauce
      2 tb Orange juice
      1 tb Rice or white vinegar
      1 tb Sherry, sake or mirin
    1/4 lb Snow peas, ends trimmed
    1/4 lb Fresh mushrooms, sliced
      2    Carrots, peeled and thinly
           -sliced
      1 lb Soba noodles, fettuccini
           -or
           -ravioli, cooked according
           -to package
 
  This deep mahogany sauce with snow peas, mushrooms and carrots turns
  soba noodles, fettuccini or ravioli into a delicious Asian pasta
  primavera. Combine oil, garlic, and ginger root in 2 quart microwave
  safe casserole. Microwave, uncovered, on high for 45 seconds. Combine
  cornstarch with soy sauce in small bowl and stir until smooth. Add
  soy sauce mixture to garlic ginger, along with orange juice, vinegar
  and sherry. Mix well. Microwave, uncovered, on high until boiling and
  slightly thickened, 2-3 minutes, stirring after 1 minutes. Stir after
  cooking until sauce is smooth. Add snow peas, mushrooms and carrots.
  cover tightly with lid, or plastic wrap turned back slightly on one
  side. MIcrowave on high until vegetables are tender crisp, 33-4
  minutes, stirring once. Serve over ot cooked noodles or ravioli.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN-STYLE SALMON STIR-FRY
 Categories: Fish, Asian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------INGREDIENTS-----------------------------
      3 tb Oyster sauce
      2 tb Rice vinegar
      2 ts Minced ginger
      1 ts Soy sauce
      2 ea Clove garlic, minced
  1 1/2 lb Salmon, skinned, boned and
           Cut into 3/4 inch cubes
      5 ts Oil
    1/2 lb Bean sprouts
    1/2 lb Snow peas (if large cut in
           Half)
      1 c  Sliced green onions
      1 ea Red bell pepper cut into
           Strips
    1/2 ts Asian sesame oil
    1/4 ts Sugar
    1/8 ts Pepper

MMMMM------------------------PREPARATION-----------------------------
 
  IN a medium bowl, combine two tablespoons of the oyster sauce with
  vinegar, ginger, soy sauce and one clove garlic. Season with pepper,
  if desired. Add fish, turning to coat.  Cover and refrigerate at
  least a half-hour.
  
  In a nonstick skillet or seasoned wok, heat two teaspoons of the oil
  over high heat. Add remaining garlic, stir fry 30 seconds. Add
  sprouts, peas, green onions and red pepper. Stir-fry two minutes or
  until tender-crisp. Stir in the remaining one tablespoon of oyster
  sauce, sesame oil, sugar and pepper.
  
  Remove from skillet and set aside.
  
  Drain fish, discarding marinade. Heat remaining oil in same skillet.
  Add fish and stir-fry about four minutes or until done. Add
  vegetables. Gently toss.  Heat through and serve immediately.
  
  Nutritional Information:  429 calories, 42 grams protein, 16 grams
  carbohydrate, 21 grams fat, 105 milligrams cholesterol and 538
  milligrams sodium.
  
  Source: The Omaha World-Herald, February 26, 1997 MM-format by Leonard
  Smith
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASIAN-STYLE TILAPIA WITH BABY CORN RELISH
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Tilapia fillets, about
           -1/2" thick
  1 1/3 lb Regular broccoli
           -OR
      1 lb Broccoli rabe (rapini)
      8    Green onions (white part
           -only), sliced
      1 cn Baby corn, drained (15oz)

MMMMM------------------------ASIAN SAUCE-----------------------------
      2 tb Oriental sesame oil
      1 tb Minced fresh ginger
      1 tb Minced shallot
    1/2 ts Hot red chilies,crushed,
           -dried
    1/2 ts Ground coriander
    1/2 c  Rice vinegar
    1/3 c  Reduced-sodium soy sauce
      2 tb Oyster sauce
 
  Rinse fish and place in a heavy plastic food bag with the Asian
  sauce; seal bag and turn to coat fillets. Chill at least 30 minutes
  or up to 2 hours, turning occasionally. Lift fillets from sauce;
  reserve sauce. Arrange fish in a single layer in a 12x17" broiler pan
  (without rack). Pour sauce into a 10-12" frying pan.
  
  Trim broccoli stems or broccoli rabe, then peel if tough. Cut
  broccoli into 5" lengths about 1/2" thick.
  
  Fill a 3-4 quart pan 3/4 full of water and bring to a boil over high
  heat. Add broccoli or broccoli rabe; cook 1 minute. Lift from water
  with a slotted spoon and transfer to pan of sauce. Cook onions in
  water about 30 seconds; add, with corn, to sauce.
  
  Broil fish about 3" from heat for 3 minutes. Turn fish over and broil
  until opaque but still moist-looking in center of thickest part (cut
  to test), about 2 minutes longer; keep warm on a platter.
  
  Stir sauce and vegetables over high heat until boiling; place on a
  platter beside fish.
  
  Asian sauce:
  
  Pour oil into a 10-12" frying pan. Place over medium-high heat until
  oil just starts to smoke, about 2 minutes. All at once, add ginger,
  shallot, chilies, and coriander. Stir for 30 seconds.
  
  At once, add rice vinegar, soy sauce, and oyster sauce. Boil,
  uncovered, over high heat until sauce is reduced to 1 cup, about 1
  minute. Let cool.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASINAN (SWEET & SOUR CUCUMBER SALAD)
 Categories: Salads, Indonesian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 ea Cucumber, large
      1 ea Onion, med
      1 ea Thai chile
      1 x  ----------dressing----------
    1/4 c  Vinegar, white
    1/4 c  Oil
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
 
  Calories     per serving: 168 Fat grams per serving: 1 Approx. Cook
  Time: 4:00 Peel and thinly slice the cucumbers. Slice the onion
  thinly. Seed and thinly slice the chile. Put the cucumber slices in a
  shallow bowl, arrange the onion slices on top and sprinkle with the
  chile slices. Combine all the ingredients with the dressing, mixing
  well. Taste and adjust seasoning with salt. Pour the dressing over
  the onions and cucumbers and refrigerate a few hours or overnight if
  possible to allow flavors to blend.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGAS HAM QUICHE
 Categories: Casseroles
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 pk Frozen cut asparagas, thawed
           - (10 ounces each)
      1 lb Fully cooked ham, chopped
      2 c  Shredded swiss cheese (8 oz)
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
      6    Eggs
      2 c  Milk
  1 1/2 c  Buttermilk baking mix
      2 tb Dried vegetable flakes
    1/4 ts Pepper
 
  In two greased 9-in. pie plates, layer the asparagas, ham, cheese and
  onion. In a bowl, beat eggs. Add remaining ingredients and mix well.
  Divide in half and pour over asparagas mixture in each pie plate.
  Bake at 375 for 30 minutes or until a knife inserted near the center
  comes out clean.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGI DI CAMPO (COLD MARINATED ASPARAGUS)
 Categories: Salads, Italian, Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 sm Onion, minced
           Salt
  1 1/2 ts Capers, rinsed & chopped
      1 ts Lemon juice
           Salt & pepper
      1 ea Mint leaf
      1 lb Thin asparagus
 
  Place onion & salt in a bowl large enough to hold the asparagus. Mix
  well & let steep for 30 minutes.  Add the capers, lemon juice & mint
  leaf & marinate for at least 1 hour. Mix thoroughly from time to
  time. Meanwhile, bring an asparagus cooker to a boil & cook the
  asparagus until tender but still crisp, about 3 minutes. Drain. Toss
  the still warm asparagus with the marinade & add salt & pepper.  Toss
  gently & serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGI FRITTI AL PROSCIUTTO
 Categories: Vegetables, Italian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     16    Fat asparagus spears
           - washed and trimmed
           - (See NOTE)
      1 ts Salt
      6 tb Butter
      2    Eggs; beaten together
           Flour; for dredging
     16 sm Slices prosciutto
      1 tb Cooking oil
 
  COOK ASPARAGUS IN BOILING salted water until barely tender, about 10
  minutes. Drain in a colander, spray with cold water, and pat dry. Lay
  asparagus out on a platter. Melt 3 tablespoons of butter and drizzle
  it over asparagus spears. Put beaten eggs on one plate and flour for
  dredging on another. Heat remaining butter and oil in a skillet. Wrap
  each asparagus spear in a slice of prosciutto. Roll them in flour
  (brush off excess), dip in egg, and saute them until golden, about 2
  minutes to a side. Drain on paper towels and serve hot. NOTE: If
  there are no fat asparagus, use twice as many skinny ones; cook a few
  minutes less and roll 2 spears in each slice of prosciutto.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGU SOUP
 Categories: Soups/stews, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Asparagus
           Water
           Salt
      1 qt Milk; or part cream
      2 oz Butter
           Pepper
 
  Take asparagus, break into 1/2 inch pieces, boil until tender in
  salted water, add 1 qt good rich milk or part cream, add 2 ounces
  butter, season with pepper and it is ready to serve. This is
  delicious.
  
  Source: Margaret Bower, Greenford Grange, Mahoning County, OH
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-cal
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Asparagus
  1 1/2 lb For 4 servings.
 
  Asparagus is low-calorie and spiked with vitamins A &b C. Allow about
  To Prepare: Break off tough ends as far down as stalks snap easily.
  For spears, tie with string. Or, cut each stalk into 1 inch pieces.
  Cooking Spears: In deep, narrow pan or asparagus pot, heat 1" salted
  water to boiling. Place asparagus upright in pot. Heat to boiling,
  reduce heat. Boil uncovered for 5 minutes. Cover and boil 2-3 minutes
  longer. Drain. Cooking pieces: Cook lower stalk pieces uncovered in
  1" boiling water for 6 minutes. Add tips, cover, and cook until
  tender, about 1-2 minutes. Drain. Steaming: Place steamer or basket
  in 1/2" water (water should not touch basket). Place asparagus in
  basket. Cover tightly and heat to boiling. Reduce heat and steam
  until tender, about 6 minutes. Microwave: Cover and nuke asparagus
  spears or 1" pieces and 1/4 c water in 2 qt casserole on high 4
  minutes. Turn asparagus over. Cover and nuke until tender crisp,
  about 3 minutes longer. Let stand 1 minute and drain.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & ACORN SQUASH RINGS
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     16    Asparagus stalks
      2 x  Small or medium acorn squash
           Scauce:....................
    1/4 c  Clarified butter (see note)
      2 tb Sugar
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
    1/4 c  Fresh lemon juice
      2 tb Cider vinegar
      6 tb Apple cider
 
      Trim thick asparagus ends; cut squash in half crosswise. Scoop
  out and discard squash seeds; slice squash into 1/4-inch rings. In
  kettle, carefully cook squash rings, then asparagus in boiling,
  salted water until tender.  Don't overcook.  Drain each vegetable as
  soon as it's tender. Heat butter in medium skillet.
   Add sugar and walnuts.  Stir over medium heat until sugar is light
  brown. Deglaze pan with lemon juice, vingar and cider. Cook, stirring
  constantly, to reduce by half. To serve, layer 3 acorn squash rings
  on each of 4 plates; put 4 asparagus spears thru acorn squash. Spoon
  sauce over. NOTE: To make clarified butter, slowly melt stick of
  butter over very low heat. Let solids settle to bottom; use
  oil-clarified butter- on top
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & ACORN SQUASH RINGS
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     16    Asparagus stalks
           Scauce:....................
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 c  Fresh lemon juice
      6 tb Apple cider
      2 x  Small or medium acorn squash
    1/4 c  Clarified butter (see note)
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
      2 tb Cider vinegar
 
      Trim thick asparagus ends; cut squash in half crosswise. Scoop
  out and discard squash seeds; slice squash into 1/4-inch rings. In
  kettle, carefully cook squash rings, then asparagus in boiling,
  salted water until tender.  Don't overcook.  Drain each vegetable as
  soon as it's tender. Heat butter in medium skillet. Add sugar and
  walnuts. Stir over medium heat until sugar is light brown. Deglaze
  pan with lemon juice, vingar and cider. Cook, stirring constantly, to
  reduce by half.
      To serve, layer 3 acorn squash rings on each of 4 plates; put 4
  asparagus spears thru acorn squash. Spoon sauce over. NOTE: To make
  clarified butter, slowly melt stick of butter over very low heat. Let
  solids settle to bottom; use oil-clarified butter- on top
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & ACRON SQUASH RINGS
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     16    Asparagus stalks
      2 x  Small or medium acorn squash
           Scauce:....................
    1/4 c  Clarified butter (see note)
      2 tb Sugar
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
    1/4 c  Fresh lemon juice
      2 tb Cider vinegar
      6 tb Apple cider
 
      Trim thick asparagus ends; cut squash in half crosswise. Scoop
  out and discard squash seeds; slice squash into 1/4-inch rings. In
  kettle, carefully cook squash rings, then asparagus in boiling,
  salted water until tender.  Don't overcook.  Drain each vegetable as
  soon as it's tender. Heat butter in medium skillet. Add sugar and
  walnuts. Stir over medium heat until sugar is light brown. Deglaze
  pan with lemon juice, vingar and cider. Cook, stirring constantly, to
  reduce by half.
      To serve, layer 3 acorn squash rings on each of 4 plates; put 4
  asparagus spears thru acorn squash. Spoon sauce over. NOTE: To make
  clarified butter, slowly melt stick of butter over very low heat. Let
  solids settle to bottom; use oil-clarified butter- on top
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & ACRON SQUASH RINGS
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     16    Asparagus stalks
      2 x  Small or medium acorn squash
           Scauce:....................
    1/4 c  Clarified butter (see note)
      2 tb Sugar
    1/2 c  Chopped walnuts
    1/4 c  Fresh lemon juice
      2 tb Cider vinegar
      6 tb Apple cider
 
      Trim thick asparagus ends; cut squash in half crosswise. Scoop
  out and discard squash seeds; slice squash into 1/4-inch rings. In
  kettle, carefully cook squash rings, then asparagus in boiling,
  salted water until tender.  Don't overcook.  Drain each vegetable as
  soon as it's tender. Heat butter in medium skillet. Add sugar and
  walnuts. Stir over medium heat until sugar is light brown. Deglaze
  pan with lemon juice, vingar and cider. Cook, stirring constantly, to
  reduce by half.
      To serve, layer 3 acorn squash rings on each of 4 plates; put 4
  asparagus spears thru acorn squash. Spoon sauce over. NOTE: To make
  clarified butter, slowly melt stick of butter over very low heat. Let
  solids settle to bottom; use oil-clarified butter- on top
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & BEEF WITH BLACK BEANS
 Categories: Oriental
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 tb Salted preserved black beans
      2    Garlic cloves; minced
      2 sl Ginger (quarter-sized)
           - minced
    1/2 lb Flank steak
      1 sm Onion; sliced
      1 lb Asparagus; cut into 1/2-in
           -  thick diagonal pieces
      3 tb Peanut oil
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Dark soy sauce
    1/2 c  Chicken stock
      2 ts Cornstarch; mixed with
      1 tb Water
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/2 tb Oyster sauce
      1 ds Sesame oil
           Hot steamed rice

MMMMM-----------------------BEEF MARINADE----------------------------
    1/2 ts Sugar
      1 tb Rice wine or dry sherry
    1/2 tb Soy sauce
      1 ts Cornstarch
    1/2 ts Sesame oil
 
  COVER THE BLACK BEANS with warm water for 5 minutes. Drain. Rinse
  thoroughly to remove salt. Put into a bowl with the garlic and
  ginger; mash into a paste and set aside. Slice the beef against the
  grain into 1/4-inch thick slices; toss with the beef marinade. Set
  aside for 10 minutes. Preheat a wok until hot. Add 2 tablespoons of
  the oil. Over high heat, add beef and stir-fry for a minute or until
  seared; remove and set aside. While wok is hot, add remaining oil,
  salt and reserved black-bean paste; stir-fry until fragrant, a few
  seconds. Toss in the onions, stir-fry for 10 seconds, then add the
  asparagus in 2-or-3 batches, seconds apart, making certain the wok is
  hot before adding the next batch. Toss and stir until asparagus are
  coated with the oil. Sprinkle with soy sauce, toss together, then
  pour in the stock and bring to a boil. If the asparagus needs more
  cooking, cover for a minute. Meanwhile, stir the cornstarch, water,
  sugar and oyster sauce into a smooth paste. When the asparagus is
  tender but still crisp, add the cornstarch liquid into the center of
  the wok. Immediately stir until thickened, about 10 seconds. Return
  the beef, add a desh of sesame oil; toss to mix. Serve hot over rice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & BEEF WITH BLACK BEANS
 Categories: Chinese
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 tb Salted preserved black beans
      2    Garlic cloves; minced
      2 sl Ginger (quarter-sized)
           - minced
    1/2 lb Flank steak
      1 sm Onion; sliced
      1 lb Asparagus; cut into 1/2-in
           -  thick diagonal pieces
      3 tb Peanut oil
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Dark soy sauce
    1/2 c  Chicken stock
      2 ts Cornstarch; mixed with
      1 tb Water
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/2 tb Oyster sauce
      1 ds Sesame oil
           Hot steamed rice

MMMMM-----------------------BEEF MARINADE----------------------------
    1/2 ts Sugar
      1 tb Rice wine or dry sherry
    1/2 tb Soy sauce
      1 ts Cornstarch
    1/2 ts Sesame oil
 
  COVER THE BLACK BEANS with warm water for 5 minutes. Drain. Rinse
  thoroughly to remove salt. Put into a bowl with the garlic and
  ginger; mash into a paste and set aside. Slice the beef against the
  grain into 1/4-inch thick slices; toss with the beef marinade. Set
  aside for 10 minutes. Preheat a wok until hot. Add 2 tablespoons of
  the oil. Over high heat, add beef and stir-fry for a minute or until
  seared; remove and set aside. While wok is hot, add remaining oil,
  salt and reserved black-bean paste; stir-fry until fragrant, a few
  seconds. Toss in the onions, stir-fry for 10 seconds, then add the
  asparagus in 2-or-3 batches, seconds apart, making certain the wok is
  hot before adding the next batch. Toss and stir until asparagus are
  coated with the oil. Sprinkle with soy sauce, toss together, then
  pour in the stock and bring to a boil. If the asparagus needs more
  cooking, cover for a minute. Meanwhile, stir the cornstarch, water,
  sugar and oyster sauce into a smooth paste. When the asparagus is
  tender but still crisp, add the cornstarch liquid into the center of
  the wok. Immediately stir until thickened, about 10 seconds. Return
  the beef, add a desh of sesame oil; toss to mix. Serve hot over rice.
  
  JOYCE JUE - PRODIGY GUEST CHEFS COOKBOOK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & BLUE CHEESE QUICHE
 Categories: Starters, Cheese/eggs, Tarts, French, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      8 oz Pastry *
      1 oz Blue cheese (good)
  1 1/2 oz Cream cheese (Philadelphia)
    200 ml Made up to with half & half
      3 md Eggs
           Salt, pepper & cayenne
      8 oz Asparagus; peeled & cooked
 
  NB* As usual, the weight of pastry is the weight of flour used to
  make it.
  
    Roll out the pastry and line a 9" flan ring. Bake blind as usual at
  a high temperature (400 for 8-9 mins weighted down then a futher 2-3
  mins just to colour lightly). Meanwhile, mash the cheeses together,
  put into a
  
  measuring jug and make up to volume with cream or cream and milk.
  Beat hard with the eggs (food processor). Season to taste with salt,
  pepper and cayenne as usual.
    The asparagus should have been peeled/trimmed as usual and boiled in
  strongly salted water until just tender - for really freshly picked
  asparagus <15 minutes will suffice. Immediately remove from water and
  separate on a paper towel to cool quickly. When cold, cut into 2"
  lengths
  
  and spread out on the flan base. Pour over the custard and bake in a
  moderate oven (375F) for around 30 minutes until nicely set. Serve
  warm (not cold or too hot).
  
  Recipe IMH Georges' Home BBS 2:323/4.4
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & BULGUR
 Categories: Vegetarian, Main dish
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      3 oz Asparagus; cut into 1/2-inch
           -pieces
      3 oz Bulgur; cooked
      1 tb Sunflower oil
    1/4 ts Thyme
    1/4 ts Basil
    1/4 ts Salt
 
   Steam asparagus for about 10 minutes. Combine all ingredients and mix
  well. Serve at room temperature.
  
   From the files of DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & CHICKEN IN BLACK BEAN SAUCE
 Categories: Chinese, Chicken
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2    Chicken thighs
     12 md Asparagus spears
      3 tb Peanut or corn oil
           MARINADE:
      1 tb Dry sherry
      1 ts Cornstarch
      2 ts Thin soy sauce
      1 pn Sugar
           SAUCE:
      2 ts Fermented black beans
      3    Cloves garlic, minced
    1/2 ts Brown sugar
      2 ts Black soy sauce
    3/4 c  Chicken stock
           Cornstarch paste as
           -thickener
 
  Marinating:  With sharp paring knife, scrape chicken meat from thigh;
  slice into thin strips across the grain. (Breast meat is not
  preferred for this dish, as meat is too dry and spongy.) Combine
  sherry, soy, cornstarch and sugar in bowl; massage liquid into meat
  with your fingers. Marinate for 15 to
       30    minutes. Preparation: Wash asparagus; peel tough white
  outer skin off ends; slice on diagonal in 2 1/2" sections. Rinse
  fermented black beans. In bowl, combine and mash black beans and
  garlic, brown sugar, black soy sauce and chicken stock; stir; reserve
  for 15 minutes. Stir-Frying: Add 2/3 of oil to hot wok; when oil is
  very hot, add chicken. Stir-fry for about 3 minutes on high heat - or
  until chicken begins to shrink and firm up.  Remove chicken to
  holding bowl. Reheat wok to high, add remaining oil. When oil is hot,
  add black bean sauce. Stir-fry for 1 minute. Add asparagus; mix with
  sauce. Stir sauce with asparagus. When sauce boils, add cooked
  chicken; toss to combine. Dribble in a little cornstarch paste if
  needed; cornstarch in chicken marinade might be enough. Toss
  ingredients until very little liquid remains and is reduced to glaze.
  Dish is ready when asparagus brightens. If you still have too much
  liquid, remove ingredients, continue to reduce sauce, then return
  ingredients to coat them with sauce. Serve in individual portions.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & CHICKEN IN BLACK BEAN SAUCE
 Categories: Chinese, Poultry
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2    Chicken thighs
     12 md Asparagus spears
      3 tb Peanut or corn oil

MMMMM--------------------------MARINADE-------------------------------
      1 tb Dry sherry
      1 ts Cornstarch
      2 ts Thin soy sauce
      1 pn Sugar

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      2 ts Fermented black beans
      3    Cloves garlic, minced
    1/2 ts Brown sugar
      2 ts Black soy sauce
    3/4 c  Chicken stock
           Cornstarch paste
 
  Marinating:  With sharp paring knife, scrape chicken meat from thigh;
  slice into thin strips across the grain. (Breast meat is not
  preferred for this dish, as meat is too dry and spongy.) Combine
  sherry, soy, cornstarch and sugar in bowl; massage liquid into meat
  with your fingers. Marinate for 15 to 30 minutes.
  
  Preparation:  Wash asparagus; peel tough white outer skin off ends;
  slice on diagonal in 2 1/2" sections. Rinse fermented black beans. In
  bowl, combine and mash black beans and garlic, brown sugar, black soy
  sauce and chicken stock; stir; reserve for 15 minutes.
  
  Stir Frying:  Add 2/3 of oil to hot wok; when oil is very hot, add
  chicken. Stir-fry for about 3 minutes on high heat - or until chicken
  begins to shrink and firm up. Remove chicken to holding bowl.
  
  Reheat wok to high, add remaining oil.  When oil is hot, add black
  bean sauce.  Stir-fry for 1 minute. Add asparagus; mix with sauce.
  Stir sauce with asparagus. When sauce boils, add cooked chicken; toss
  to combine. Dribble in a little cornstarch paste if needed;
  cornstarch in chicken marinade might be enough. Toss ingredients
  until very little liquid remains and is reduced to glaze. Dish is
  ready when asparagus brightens. If you still have too much liquid,
  remove ingredients, continue to reduce sauce, then return ingredients
  to coat them with sauce. Serve in individual portions.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & CHICKEN PASTA
 Categories: Poultry, Vegetables, Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    450 pk Pasta, such as penne
      1    Asparagus
      4    Chicken breasts, skinned and
      2 ts Olive oil
    1/2 ts Basil
           -Salt and pepper
    1/2 c  Parmesan cheese
      2 ts White wine
 
  Cook pasta in a large pot of salted boiling water until ad dente,
  about 8 min.  Meanwhile, snap off and discard woody ends of asparagus.
   Then, slice spears into 2 inch pieces.  Set aside to add to pasta
  during last 3 min. of cooking. Meanwhile, cut chicken into strips.
  Heat oil in a large frying pan set over medium heat.  Add chicken.
  Stir often until cooked through, about 3 min.  Stir in wine and
  seasonings. Drain pasta and asparagus.  Toss with chicken.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & CRAB MEAT SOUP (MANG TAY NAU CUA)
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 c  Chicken broth
      1 tb Plus 2 teaspoons nuoc mam
           -(Vietnamese fish sauce)
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      6    Shallots, chopped
      2    Garlic cloves, chopped
      8    Ounces lump crab meat,
           -picked over and drained
           Freshly ground black pepper
      2 tb Cornstarch or arrowroot,
           -mixed with
      2 tb Cold water
      1    Egg, lightly beaten
     15 oz White asparagus spears *
      1 tb Shredded coriander
      1    Scallion, thinly sliced
 
  * cut into 1-inch sections with canning liquid reserved
  
  This soup was probably created by some homesick Frenchman. White
  asparagus (a French import), packed in jars or cans, is used for this
  recipe. Traditionally, crumbled, salted duck egg yolk is added to
  season the soup.
  
  If white asparagus is unavailable, use frozen or fresh asparagus (in
  this case, add the fresh asparagus to the broth from the very
  beginning and cook until tender, before adding the remaining
  ingredients).
  
  Combine the broth, 1 tablespoon of the fish sauce, the sugar and salt
  in a 3 quart soup pot.  Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer.
  
  Meanwhile, heat the oil in a skillet.  Add the shallots and garlic and
  stir-fry until aromatic.  Add the crab meat, the remaining 2
  teaspoons fish sauce and black pepper to taste. Stirfry over high
  heat for
        1    minute. Set aside.
  
  Bring the soup to a boil.  Add the cornstarch mixture and stir gently
  until the soup thickens and is clear. While the soup is actively
  boiling, add the egg and stir gently. Continue to stir for about 1
  minute. Add the crab meat mixture and asparagus with its canning
  liquid; cook gently until heated through.
  
  Transfer the soup to a heated tureen.  Sprinkle on the coriander,
  scallion and freshly ground black pepper.
  
  Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
  
  From "The Foods of Vietnam" by Nicole Rauthier. Stewart, Tabori &
  Chang. 1989.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; May 24 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & CRAB MEAT SOUP - MANG TAY NAU C
 Categories: Vietnamese, Soups, Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Chicken broth
      1 tb Plus 2 teaspoons nuoc mam
           -(Vietnamese fish sauce)
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      6    Shallots, chopped
      2    Garlic cloves, chopped
      8 oz Fresh or canned lump crab
           -meat, picked over and
           -drained
           Freshly ground black pepper
      2 tb Cornstarch or arrowroot,
           -mixed with 2 tablespoons
           -cold water
      1    Egg, lightly beaten
     15 oz White asparagus spears, cut
           -into 1-inch sections with
           -canning liquid reserved
      1 tb Shredded coriander
      1    Scallion, thinly sliced
 
  Combine the broth, 1 tablespoon of the fish sauce, the sugar and salt
  in a 3 quart soup pot. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer.
  Meanwhile, heat the oil in a skillet. Add the shallots and garlic and
  stir-fry until aromatic. Add the crab meat, the remaining 2 teaspoons
  fish sauce and black pepper to taste. Stir-fry over high heat for 1
  minute. Set aside. Bring the soup to a boil. Add the cornstarch
  mixture and stir gently until the soup thickens and is clear. While
  the soup is actively boiling, add the egg and stir gently. Continue
  to stir for about 1 minute. Add the crab meat mixture and asparagus
  with its canning liquid; cook gently until heated through. Transfer
  the soup to a heated tureen. Sprinkle on the coriander, scallion and
  freshly ground black pepper.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & CRAB MEAT SOUP - MANG TAY NAU CUA
 Categories: Vietnamese, Soups, Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Chicken broth
      1 tb Plus 2 teaspoons nuoc mam
           -(Vietnamese fish sauce)
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      6    Shallots, chopped
      2    Garlic cloves, chopped
      8 oz Fresh or canned lump crab
           -meat, picked over and
           -drained
           Freshly ground black pepper
      2 tb Cornstarch or arrowroot,
           -mixed with 2 tablespoons
           -cold water
      1    Egg, lightly beaten
     15 oz White asparagus spears, cut
           -into 1-inch sections with
           -canning liquid reserved
      1 tb Shredded coriander
      1    Scallion, thinly sliced
 
  Combine the broth, 1 tablespoon of the fish sauce, the sugar and salt
  in a 3 quart soup pot. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer.
  Meanwhile, heat the oil in a skillet. Add the shallots and garlic and
  stir-fry until aromatic. Add the crab meat, the remaining 2 teaspoons
  fish sauce and black pepper to taste. Stir-fry over high heat for 1
  minute. Set aside. Bring the soup to a boil. Add the cornstarch
  mixture and stir gently until the soup thickens and is clear. While
  the soup is actively boiling, add the egg and stir gently. Continue
  to stir for about 1 minute. Add the crab meat mixture and asparagus
  with its canning liquid; cook gently until heated through. Transfer
  the soup to a heated tureen. Sprinkle on the coriander, scallion and
  freshly ground black pepper.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & CRAB STRATA
 Categories: Seafood, Brunch, Posted-mm, Suzy
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
     12    Slices white bread, cubed
  1 1/2 c  Shredded cheddar cheese(6oz)
      9 oz Pkg.frozen asparagus cuts,
           Thawed and well drained
      6 oz Cooked crab meat, flaked
  2 1/2 c  Skim milk
      2 c  Eggbeaters
      3 tb Chopped fresh parsley
      1 ts Paprika
    1/2 ts Ground white pepper
 
  Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.
  
  Spray a 13x9x2-inch (3qt) baking dish with a non-fat spray. Place
  half of the bread cubes in greased baking dish; top with cheese,
  asparagus, crab meat and remaining bread cubes.
  
  In a large bowl, combine milk, eggbeaters, parsley, salt, paprika and
  pepper; blending well.
  
  Pour egg mixture evenly over bread; let stand 10-15 minutes.
  
  At this point the recipe can be refrigerated covered with plastic
  wrap for several hours or overnight.
  
  When ready to bake, uncover and bake for 55-65 minutes or until a
  knife inserted in center comes out clean.
  
  Nutritional analysis per serving: 240.1 cal; 8.3 grams total fat; 4.0
  grams saturated fat; 20.6 grams protein; 20.2 grams carbo; 129
  milligrams chol; 435 milligrams sodium
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & CRABMEAT SALAD
 Categories: Appetizers, Seafood
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Mayonnaise
      1 tb Lemon juice - fresh
  1 1/2 ts Tomato paste
  1 1/2 ts Shallot - minced
    1/2 ts Dijon mustard
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 lb Asparagus - trimmed
      8 oz Crabmeat - cooked
      4 lg Boston lettuce leaves - or
           -butter lettuce leaves
 
  Calories     per serving:             Number of Servings: 4 Fat grams
  per serving:
  :           Approx. Cook Time: Cholesterol per serving: Marks:
  
  *DIRECTIONS*
  
  Whisk mayonnaise, lemon juice, tomato paste, shallot, Dijon mustard
  and pepper in medium bowl. Cover and refrigerate until ready to use.
  (Can be prepared 3 days ahead.) Cook asparagus in large pot of
  boiling salted water until crisp-tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer to
  bowl of ice water and cool.  Drain and pat dry. mix crabmeat into
  mayonnaise. Season to taste with salt.  Arrange 1 lettuce leaf on
  each plate.  Top with asparagus. Spoon crabmeat mayonnaise over and
  serve.
  
  Bon Appetit, April, 1991.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & FETA CANAPES
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 15 Servings
 
     20 sl Thin white bread
      4 oz Blue cheese
      8 oz Cream cheese
      1    Egg
     20    Spears canned asparagus
           - drained
    1/2 c  Melted butter
 
  Trim crusts from bread and flatten with a rolling pin. Blend cheeses
  and egg to a workable consistency and spread evenly on each slice of
  bread. Place an asparagus spear on each slice and roll up. Dip in
  melted butter to coat thoroughly.  Place on cookie sheet and freeze.
  
  When firmly frozen, slice into bite size pieces.  (If freezing for a
  future date, place bite size pieces in a freezer bag - do not defrost
  to cook) Place on cookie sheet and bake at 400 F for 20 min.
  
  Recipe By     : The Junior League of Portland, Maine
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & MORELS IN WILD MUSHROOM VINAIGRET
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     32    Asparagus spears
    1/2 lb Fresh morels; halved,
           -- cleaned and trimmed
    1/4 oz Dried porcini mushrooms
      1 c  Chicken stock or water
    1/4 c  Balsamic vinegar
 
  Trim and blanch asparagus until tender and stop the cooking by
  immersing in cold water. Drain and reserve. Soak porcini in stock or
  water. Bring to a boil and reduce volume to 1/4 cup. Strain. In
  blender, combine balsamic vinegar and the mushroom soaking water.
  Emulsify oil into base and season with salt and pepper. Steam
  asparagus for 1 minute to rewarm and arrange on warm plates.
  
  Saute morels in butter until they release their juices. Increase heat
  and saute 2-3 minutes. Toss morels in 2/3 of the vinaigrette. Divide
  among the spears and drizzle a little vinaigrette around each.
  
  Nutritional Info Per Serving: Protein: 4 gr. (7%); Carbohydrates: 12
  gr. (21%); Fat: 18.5 gr. (72%); Calories: 215; Sodium: 444 mg.;
  Cholesterol: 4 mg. Exchanges: 2 Vegetable, 3.5 Fat Serves 4
  
  Copyright Whole Foods Market, 1995, wfm@wholefoods.com
  (http://www.wholefoods.com/wf.html) Reprinted with permission from
  Whole Foods Market Meal-Master compatible format courtesy of Karen
  Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & MOZARELLA SALAD
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        1 lb medium size asparagus, --
  :          stalks peeled
      1/4 c  olive oil
        2 TB Champagne or white wine
  :          vinegar
  :          Dijon mustard and minced
  :          garlic to taste
  :          Salt and freshly ground
  :          black pepper
      1/2 lb fresh mozzarella, cut into
  :          sticks,
  :          about 1/4 inch wide and 1
  :          inch long.
        2    vine-ripened tomatoes, --
  :          very thinly sliced
        4 oz wafer thin slices (rounds)
  :          salami
      1/4 c  slivered roasted red bell
  :          pepper -- (from the jar)
  
  Simmer the asparagus until just cooked through. Rinse them under cold
  water to stop the cooking process. Drain, pat dry and cut the spears,
  on the diagonal, into 1inch long pieces; set aside.
  
  Make a dressing of olive oil, vinegar, mustard and garlic and season
  to taste with salt and pepper. Combine the asparagus and mozzarella
  and lightly dress with half of the dressing.
  
  Alternate rounds of tomato and salami on the outside of each dinner
  plate; center asparagus and mozzarella mixture in the middle; drizzle
  remaining dressing over the tomatoes and salami. Garnish asparagus
  and mozzarella with roasted peppers.
  
  Yield: 2 servings
  
  Recipe By     :COOKING MONDAY TO FRIDAY SHOW #MF6664
  
                                        Date: Wed, 16 Oct 1996 14:43:49
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & MUSHROOMS WITH BLACK BEAN SAUCE
 Categories: Digest, Dec.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus, stiff ends
           Peeled
    1/4 lb Brown button mushrooms (or
           Mixed mushrooms)
      2    Garlic cloves
      1 tb Fermented black soybeans
  1 1/2 tb Rice vinegar
      1 tb Tamari (or soy sauce)
      1 ts Potato starch (or
           Cornstarch)
      1 ts Brown sugar
      1 tb Sake or other rice wine
 
  Cut asparagus on the diagonal into 1-2 inch pieces. Blanch for 5
  minutes in boiling water.  Drain and set aside.
  
  Wash and slice mushrooms. Set aside.
  
  Mince the garlic. Rinse the black beans well.  Mix garlic and beans
  together. Set aside.
  
  Mix together the rice vinegar, tamari, starch, sugar, and sake. Set
  aside.
  
  Fill a glass with water and set handy next to the stove. Put a
  skillet over high heat.  When the pan is hot, dump the garlic mixture
  into the pan. Stir fry for one minute, adding water as the mixture
  begins to stick -- add just a little at time.  Add the asparagus and
  stir fry for 10 minutes (or until asparagus is just shy of being
  crisp-done), again adding water just as needed.  Add mushrooms and
  stir fry for 2-5 more minutes. Add the vinegar mixture (giving it a
  last stir to make sure starch is well mixed), stir until evenly
  coated and sauce thickens. Serve immediately.
  
  Comments:
  
  Fermented black soybeans are available in Asian markets. Usually
  labled "salted black beans".  I find them in the preserved food
  section in plastic bags.
  
  Posted by Michelle Dick <artemis> to the Fatfree Digest [Volume 13
  Issue 8] Dec. 8, 1994.
  
  FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used
  with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & MUSHROOMS WITH BLACK BEAN SAUCE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus, stiff ends
           Peeled
    1/4 lb Brown button mushrooms (or
           Mixed mushrooms)
      2    Garlic cloves
      1 tb Fermented black soybeans
  1 1/2 tb Rice vinegar
      1 tb Tamari (or soy sauce)
      1 ts Potato starch (or
           Cornstarch)
      1 ts Brown sugar
      1 tb Sake or other rice wine
 
  Cut asparagus on the diagonal into 1-2 inch pieces. Blanch for 5
  minutes in boiling water.  Drain and set aside.
  
  Wash and slice mushrooms. Set aside.
  
  Mince the garlic. Rinse the black beans well.  Mix garlic and beans
  together. Set aside.
  
  Mix together the rice vinegar, tamari, starch, sugar, and sake. Set
  aside.
  
  Fill a glass with water and set handy next to the stove. Put a
  skillet over high heat.  When the pan is hot, dump the garlic mixture
  into the pan. Stir fry for one minute, adding water as the mixture
  begins to stick -- add just a little at time.  Add the asparagus and
  stir fry for 10 minutes (or until asparagus is just shy of being
  crisp-done), again adding water just as needed.  Add mushrooms and
  stir fry for 2-5 more minutes. Add the vinegar mixture (giving it a
  last stir to make sure starch is well mixed), stir until evenly
  coated and sauce thickens. Serve immediately.
  
  Comments:
  
  Fermented black soybeans are available in Asian markets. Usually
  labled "salted black beans".  I find them in the preserved food
  section in plastic bags.
  
  Posted by Michelle Dick <artemis> to the Fatfree Digest [Volume 13
  Issue 8] Dec. 8, 1994.
  
  FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used
  with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34,
  TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
  
  1.80á
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & PIMENTO
 Categories: Diabetic, Vegetables, Side dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb To 1 1/4 lb fresh Asparapus;
      1 c  Water
      2 tb Fresh lime juice;
    1/4 c  Diced pimento;
      1 tb Toasted pine nuts;
 
  Rinse asparagus and snap off tough ends.  In a large skillet, bring
  to a boil and add asparagus.  Cover and steam asparagus until bright
  green, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from heat, drain and arrange on a
  platter. Sprinkle with lime juice; garnish with pimento and pine
  nuts. Serve warm or chilled. Food Exchange per serving: 1 VEGETABLE
  EXCHANGE CAL: 37; CHO: 0g; CAR: 7g; PRO: 3g; SOD: 6g; FAT: 2g;
  
  Source: Light & Easy Diabetes Cuisine by Betty Marks Brought to you
  and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & PIMENTO
 Categories: Diabetic, Side dish, Vegetables, Nuts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/4 lb Fresh asparagus;
      1 c  Water
      2 tb Lime juice; fresh
    1/4 c  Pimento;
      1 tb Pine nuts;
 
  Rinse asparagus and snap off tough ends.  In a large skillet bring
  water to boil and add asparagus.  Cover and steam until bright grean,
  2 to 3 minutes.  Remove from heat, drain and arrange on a platter.
  Sprinkle with juice; garmish with pimento and pine nuts.  Serve warm
  or chilled.
  
  Food Exchanges per servings: 1 VEGETABLES EXCHANGES CAL: 37; CHO:
  0mg; CAR: 7g; PRO: 3g; SOD: 6mg; FAT: 2g;
  
  Light & Easy Diabetes Cuisine by Betty Marks Brought to you and yours
  via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & RED PEPPER SOUP
 Categories: Vegetarian, Digest
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Asparagus, trimmed, cut into
      1    " pieces
      2 c  Veggie broth
      1    Roasted red pepper
           -diced(1/3-1/2 cup total)
      1 cn Evap skim milk
           -x pepper to taste
 
  1. Place asparagus and broth into 4 qt pan and simmer for 15 min.,
  until tender.
  
  2. Puree asparagus/broth in blender. Take out some pieces for a
  chunkier consistency if you wish.
  
  3. Put puree back in pan and add red pepper, any reserved asparagus,
  black pepper, and can of milk.
  
  4. Heat until thickened to your liking.
  
  NOTE: You can add some thickener(flour,cornstarch) to hasten the
  process. I started the pepper roasting at about the same time as the
  the asparagus, and it worked out fine to add to soup.
  
  Serve with a salad and hearty bread!
  
  Posted by mmk3@Lehigh.EDU (MARGARET M. KING) to Fatfree From Fatfree
  Digest April-May 1994, Formatting by Sue Smith (using MMCONV)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & SESAME CHICKEN SOUP
 Categories: Chinese, Poultry, Soups/stews
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Chicken
      3 tb Sesame oil
      6    Slices ginger root
    1/2 c  Medium sherry
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  Warm water
      1 ts Sugar
    1/2 c  Button mushrooms, canned
      8    Fresh asparagus spears
 
  Preparation:  Rinse chicken, remove fat pockets, pat dry, and chop
  into bite-size pieces.  NOTE:  if tempted to use breast meat without
  bones, please don`t; bones add to body and flavor of soup. Peel and
  slice ginger root.  Wash and cut asparagus into 2" sections.
  
  Braising:  Heat wok to medium hot.  Add sesame oil. Start braising
  chicken a few pieces at a time when oil begins to smell. Sesame oil
  will burn at lower temperature than other cooking oils, so avoid hot
  wok. After browning lightly, return chicken pieces to wok; add ginger
  slices, sherry and salt. When sherry boils, add water and sugar. Turn
  up heat, bring to boil, then reduce heat to simmer, cover and simmer
  for 30 minutes. Add mushrooms and asparagus, simmer for another 15
  minutes.
  
  Transfer to covered soup tureen (or put plate on top of soup bowl),
  place in steamer on low, and hold until ready to serve.
  
  You can make this soup in large sauce pan, if wok is needed for
  something else.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & SESAME CHICKEN SOUP
 Categories: Chinese, Poultry, Soups/stews
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Chicken
      3 tb Sesame oil
      6    Slices ginger root
    1/2 c  Medium sherry
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  Warm water
      1 ts Sugar
    1/2 c  Button mushrooms, canned
      8    Fresh asparagus spears
 
  Preparation:  Rinse chicken, remove fat pockets, pat dry, and chop
  into bite-size pieces.  NOTE:  if tempted to use breast meat without
  bones, please don`t; bones add to body and flavor of soup. Peel and
  slice ginger root.  Wash and cut asparagus into 2" sections.
  
  Braising:  Heat wok to medium hot.  Add sesame oil. Start braising
  chicken a few pieces at a time when oil begins to smell. Sesame oil
  will burn at lower temperature than other cooking oils, so avoid hot
  wok. After browning lightly, return chicken pieces to wok; add ginger
  slices, sherry and salt. When sherry boils, add water and sugar. Turn
  up heat, bring to boil, then reduce heat to simmer, cover and simmer
  for 30 minutes. Add mushrooms and asparagus, simmer for another 15
  minutes.
  
  Transfer to covered soup tureen (or put plate on top of soup bowl),
  place in steamer on low, and hold until ready to serve.
  
  You can make this soup in large sauce pan, if wok is needed for
  something else. Submitted By COOK4U@AOL.COM On SAT, 5 AUG 1995 113122
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS & SHRIMP ORIENTAL
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           LISA CRAWLEY  TSPN00B-----
      1 lb Fresh Shrimp -- cooked
      1 cn Water Chestnuts
      1 c  Fresh Mushrooms -- sliced
      1 md Onion -- sliced
      1 c  Celery -- sliced diagonally
  1 1/2 lb Fresh Asparagus -- steamed
      1    11 ounces Cn  Mandarin
           Orange sections -- drained
      2 tb Vegetable Oil
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Freshly Ground Pepper
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Soy Sauce
           Boiled Rice
 
  Shell; devein shrimp.  Drain and slice water chestnuts. Arrange
  shrimp, chestnuts, mushrooms, onion, celery, asparagus, and oranges
  on lg. tray. Heat oil in wok or electric skillet.  Add onion, celery,
  salt, pepper, and sugar; cook, stirring, until veg. are crisp-tender.
  Add asparagus and shrimp; place mushrooms and water chestnuts over
  shrimp. Sprinkle with soy sauce; place orange sections on top. Cover;
  cook until mixture begins to steam; reduce heat. Simmer about 12 min.
  Serve on rice. Yield: 6 servings.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS (GENERIC)
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-cal
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Asparagus
  1 1/2 lb For 4 servings.
 
  Asparagus is low-calorie and spiked with vitamins A &b C. Allow about
  To Prepare: Break off tough ends as far down as stalks snap easily.
  For spears, tie with string. Or, cut each stalk into 1 inch pieces.
  Cooking Spears: In deep, narrow pan or asparagus pot, heat 1" salted
  water to boiling. Place asparagus upright in pot. Heat to boiling,
  reduce heat. Boil uncovered for 5 minutes. Cover and boil 2-3 minutes
  longer. Drain. Cooking pieces: Cook lower stalk pieces uncovered in
  1" boiling water for 6 minutes. Add tips, cover, and cook until
  tender, about 1-2 minutes. Drain. Steaming: Place steamer or basket
  in 1/2" water (water should not touch basket). Place asparagus in
  basket. Cover tightly and heat to boiling. Reduce heat and steam
  until tender, about 6 minutes. Microwave: Cover and nuke asparagus
  spears or 1" pieces and 1/4 c water in 2 qt casserole on high 4
  minutes. Turn asparagus over. Cover and nuke until tender crisp,
  about 3 minutes longer. Let stand 1 minute and drain.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS ALMONDINE
 Categories: Vegetables, Appetizers, Microwave
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Finely chopped almonds
    1/2 c  Butter
      1 ts Tarragon vinegar
     20 oz Frozen asparagus spears,
           -cooked and drained
 
  1. In a small, heat-resistant, non-metallic bowl, place almonds and
  butter. 2. Heat, uncovered, in Microwave Oven 1 1/2 minutes or until
  nuts are lightly browned. 3. Stir in vinegar. 4. Pour sauce over hot
  or cooled asparagus.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS BEEF BEIJING
 Categories: Beef/veal, China
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Beef, boneless
           - cut in thin strips
      3 tb Oriental Marinade
      1 lg Garlic clove
           - minced
      3 tb Black Bean Sauce
      1 tb Cornstarch
      5 tb Vegetable oil
      1    Onions
           - cut in thin wedges
    1/2 lb Asparagus
           - 1-1/2" lengths
 
    Combine beef, marinade, garlic; let stand 15 minutes. Meanwhile
  combine black bean sauce and 1/2 cup water. Mix cornstarch and 2
  tablespoons water until smooth; set aside. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in
  wok or skillet over high heat. Add 1/2 the beef; stir-ry 1 to 2
  minutes, or until browned. Remove from wok. Repeate with remaining
  beef. Heat remaining tablespoon oil, add onion and asparagus.
  Stir-fry 1 minutes. Add black bean sauce mixture. Reduce heat; cover
  and simmer 2 minutes or until vegetables are tender-crisp. Add beef
  and cornstarch mixture. Cook and stir until sauce boils and thickens.
  
  Original recipe from Dynastic Classic Oriental Cookbook. Conversion
  by Rick Weissgerber.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS BRAISE
 Categories: Vegetables, Oriental, Wok
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Asparagus, thinly sliced
           -on the diagonal
    1/2 c  Bamboo shoots, sliced
    1/2 c  Water chestnuts, sliced
      1 c  Celery, sliced diagonally
           -OR
      1 lg Celery stalk, sliced
           -diagonally
      1 c  Fresh mushrooms, sliced
           -OR
    3/4 c  Canned mushrooms
    1/2 c  Cashews (opt)
      3 tb Oil
           Salt
 
  1. Clean and prepare vegetables.
  
  2. Heat oil in wok to smoking point. Stir fry asparagus in wok for
  about 2 minutes. Reduce heat to low medium, cover wok and cook
  asparagus for 5 more minutes, lifting cover 3-4 times to stir it. At
  the end of 5 minutes, add all the other ingredients except cashews
  raise heat 1 notch, stir fry 3 minutes with cover over wok. Lift
  cover at least once or twice to stir vegetables, so all will be
  cooked through. Place food in platter, if desired sprinkle cashews
  over all.
  
  NOTE: A very lovely party dish, especially in spring, when asparagus
  is available.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS BREADSTICKS
 Categories: Breads, Appetizers
      Yield: 18 Servings
 
      2    Bread dough loaves*
      1    Large egg white
    1/4 c  Grated Parmesan cheese
      1 ts Dried tarragon leaves
      1 ts Dried dill weed
 
  * - frozen white or whole wheat, thawed
  
  Set loaves on a floured board and pat each loaf into a 5x10"
  rectangle. Cover lightly with plastic wrap and let rinse until puffy,
  45 minutes to 1 hour.
  
  Cut each loaf crosswise into 9 equal pieces. Pick up the ends of each
  piece, and stretch it to the length of a 12x15" greased baking sheet
  and set on pan; if dough snaps back, let rest a few minutes, then
  stretch again. Repeat to make each stick, spacing about 1 1/2" apart.
  
  With scissors at a 45' angle, snip dough to make cuts about 1/2" apart
  along about 4" of 1 end of each stick.
  
  Beat egg white until slightly frothy; brush dough lightly with egg
  white. Mix cheese, tarragon, and dill. Sprinkle evenly over dough.
  
  Bake in a 350' oven until breadsticks are browned, 20-25 minutes. (If
  using 1 oven, switch pan positions halfway through baking; chill
  remaining pans of dough until oven is free.) Transfer breadsticks to
  racks.
  
  Serve warm or cool. If you make sticks ahead, let cool, package
  airtight, and hold up to 4 hours, or freeze. To recrisp, bake
  breadsticks (thawed, if frozen), uncovered, on pans in a 350' oven
  until warm, about 5 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS BROWN RICE MEDLEY
 Categories: Vegetables, Side dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Cooked brown rice
  1 1/2 c  Cut asparagus
    1/2 c  Celery,1/4" slice diagonally
      2 tb Soy sauce
      2 ts Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Diced onion
    3/4 c  Slice mushrooms,1/8" thick
 
    Cook brown rice according to package directions.Heat a large
  skillet or wok over medium heat until hot.Add oil and heat until oil
  ripples.Add drained asparagus,onions,celery and mushrooms.Stir fry
  for 2 minutes.Add remaining ingredients.Stir.Cover and cook 2 more
  minutes or until mixture is hot.Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
    2/3 c  Butter  or margarine
  1 1/3 c  Sugar
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Asparagus puree( cooked )
      3    Squares melted chcolate
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
  1 3/4 c  Flour
      3    Eggs
    1/2 c  Buttermilk
 
  Cream butter and sugar. blend in asparagus, chocolate, vanilla.
  Combine flour with baking soda. Add alterantely with buttermilk to
  creamed mixture. Turn into 2, 8 inch cake pans and bake 350 for 35
  minutes or tested done. Cool in pans for 10 minutes and remove to
  racks to cool. Fill and frost with a chocolate frosting.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS CANTONESE
 Categories: Vegetables, China
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 tb Oil
      1    Garlic clove; crushed
      2 lb Asparagus
           - sliced diagonally
           Salt, pepper
 
  Heat oil in skillet over high heat almost to smoking point. Stir in
  garlic, then add asparagus. Cover and shake pan vigorously 3 to 5
  minutes. Asparagus should be crisp-tender. Season to taste with salt
  and pepper.
  
  (C) 1992 The Los Angeles Times Recipe courtesy of: Karen Mintzias, 03
  Mar 93  18:29:46
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS CASHEW STIR-FRY
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Hot cooked Brown Rice

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      3 tb Soy sauce
      2 tb Cornstarch
  1 1/2 c  Water or vegetable stock
      1 tb Minced Gingerroot
      1 ts (pref toasted) Sesame Oil
    1/4 ts Dry crushed red pepper
      1 ds White pepper

MMMMM--------------------------ND STEP-------------------------------
      2 tb Safflower oil
      1 lb Fresh Asparagus *
      4 x  Scallions, chopped
      1 x  Sm sweet red pepper, chopped
      1 x  Clove Garlic,  minced
      1 c  Cashews  **
 
  *    woody parts of stems removed, tender part cut into 3" lengths (3
  cups) **   dry-roasted and unsalted, or raw slivered almonds GARNISH:
  mandarin orange sections and toasted sesame seeds, optional Cook or
  reheat brown rice. In small bowl, combine soy sauce and cornstarch.
  Stir in remaining sauce ingredients; set aside. In a wok or large
  skillet, heat oil. Stir-fry asparagus, scallions, pepper, and garlic
  until vegetables are crisp/tender. Stir sauce mixture; pour it over
  the vegetables and stir until it is thickened and bubbly. Reduce
  heat; fold in cashews. Cover and cook 1 minute, until cashews are
  heated through. Serves 4-6. VARIATIONS: - 3-4 c broccoli florets may
  be substituted for asparagus; or add other veggies such as sliced
  mushrooms or thinly sliced carrots - with the cashews, gently stir in
  1 lb firm tofu cut into 1/2" cubes - serve over pasta rather than
  rice; buckwheat noodles are good
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS CASSEROLE
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-cal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Asparagus, fresh, 2" lengths
      1 cn Cream of mushroom soup
      4 oz Mushrooms, sliced
      2 c  Cheddar cheese, grated
      1 cn French fried onion ring, 3oz
 
  Butter a casserole dish. Put a layer of asparagus on bottom then add
  soup. Next add mushrooms and half the cheese. Add second layer of
  asparagus and end with a layer of cheese. Bake at 350 degrees for 30
  minutes or until bubbly. Sprinkle onion rings on top and return to
  oven for 5 minutes more.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS CASSEROLE ---WHNP81A
 Categories: Vegetables, Holiday, Family
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/4 lb Saltine crackers
      1 cn Asparagus; cut
  4 1/2 oz Pimientos
      1 cn Mushroom soup
      1 c  Cheddar cheese; grated
      3 ea Hard-boiled eggs; optional
 
  In 2-qt. casserole layer ingredients as follows:
      1/2    crackers, crumbled
      1/2    asparagus
      1/2    pimientos (in strips)
        1/2 mushroom soup mixed with pimiento juice
        1/2 grated cheese Repeat the layers using other half of
  ingredients. Top with cheese or crumbled potato chips. Heat in
  moderate oven (375 deg.) until bubbly and topping has browned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry, Casseroles, Company
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           -EILEEN LAMPARELLI
           -CGDR39A-----
           Whole chicken breasts -- -
           Halved
    1/4 c  Oil
      4 ts Butter -- melted
    1/4 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 c  Chicken broth
    1/2 c  Heavy cream
    1/2 ts Tabasco
     16 oz Can of asparagus
    1/2 c  Parmesan cheese -- grated
 
  Brown the chicken in oil.  In a saucepan, add flour and salt to
  butter. Stir in chicken broth and cook until thick. Remove from heat;
  add cream and Tabasco. Place asparagus in the bottom of a 9x13"
  casserole. Arrange the chicken on top of the aspragus. Pour sauce
  over the chicken and asparagus. Sprinkle with cheese. Bake at 350 for
  45 minutes.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS CRAB SOUP (SUP MANG TAY CUA)
 Categories: Vietnamese, Soups, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  2 1/2 qt Water
      2 lb Pork bones
      2 ts Salt
      1 tb Fish sauce (nuoc mam)
      1 ts Vegetable oil
      1    Clove garlic, chopped
      2    Shallots or
      2    Scallions, chopped white
           -part
    1/2 lb Crab meat, fresh, frozen,
           -or canned
    1/4 ts Freshly ground black pepper
      2 ts Cornstarch dissolved in
      2 tb Water
      1    Egg
      1 cn (15 ounces) white
           -asparagus, undrained
    1/4 c  Chopped fresh coriander
           -(Chinese parsley)
    1/4 c  Chopped scallion greens
 
  The French introduced asparagus to the Vietnamese, who promptly
  incorporated this classic vegetable into their cuisine. The
  Vietnamese word for asparagus is "Western bamboo," due to its
  resemblance to bamboo shoots. asparagus is universally popular
  throughout Vietnam, this light, tasty dish will delight your family
  as well.
  
  Bring water to a boil and put the pork bones in. Remove the scum, then
  cover and continue to boil the bones for 1 hour. Remove the bones
  from the stock and discard. Add the salt and the fish sauce to the
  stock.
  
  Heat the oil and add the chopped garlic and shallots; add the crab
  meat and fry for 5 minutes over high heat. Sprinkle with 1/8 teaspoon
  of black pepper, stirring constantly, then add the crab meat mixture
  to the soup and bring to a boil.  Add the cornstarch-and-water
  mixture and stir for a few minutes.
  
  Break the egg open and drop it into the actively boiling soup while
  stirring.  Cook, still stirring, for about 2 minutes, then drop in the
  asparagus, along with the liquid from the can and the rest of the
  black pepper.  Continue to cook until the asparagus is heated through.
  
  Sprinkle the coriander and scallion green over the soup before
  serving.
  
  Makes 6 to 8 servings.
  
  From "The Classic Cuisine of Vietnam", Bach Ngo and Gloria Zimmerman,
  Barron's, 1979.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; May 24 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS CREAM SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 3 Quarts
 
      4 tb CRISCO Shortening
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
      4 pk Frozen cut asparagus (10 oz)
      2 c  Chicken broth
      8    Egg yolks, slightly beaten
           -(use clean, uncracked eggs)
      5 c  Milk
      2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      8 dr Hot pepper sauce
 
  1. In medium saucepan melt Crisco; add onion and cook until tender.
  
  2. Add frozen asparagus and chicken broth; cook uncovered 10 minutes
  over high heat.
  
  3. Transfer mixture to blender and puree. (Or force mixture through a
  find wire sieve.) Add beaten egg yolks.
  
  4. Return mixture to saucepan. Stir in milk, salt, pepper and hot
  pepper sauce. Reheat before serving; DO NOT BOIL.
  
  Makes 3 quarts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS CREPES WITH MUSHROOM DILL-SAUCE
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetarian, Valentine's
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CREPES--------------------------------
    1/2 c  Whole wheat pastry flour
    1/4 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Soymilk
      1 ts Safflower oil

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      1 tb Margarine
      1 sm Onion, quartered & thinly
           -- sliced
      1 ea Garlic clove, minced
      1 c  Small white mushrooms, slice
      1 tb + 1 ts flour
    3/4 c  Soymilk
      2 tb Fresh minced dill
    1/2 ts Dried tarragon
      2 ts Lemon juice
           Salt & pepper to taste

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
     24 ea Slender asparagus stalks
 
  CREPES: Combine flour & salt in mixing bowl.  Make a well in the
  centre & pour in the soymilk & oil.  Beat till smooth. Heat a 6 or
  7-inch skillet. when hot, pour in 1/4 c of batter & tilt skillet till
  it's evenly coated. Cook over moderate heat till lightly browned on
  the bottom. Flip & brown the other side. Remove & set on a plate.
  Repeat with the rest of the batter, you should have 6 crepes. SAUCE:
  Heat margarine in a small pot. Add onion & garlic & saute over
  moderate heat till onion is golden. Add mushrooms & cover.  Cook till
  the mushrooms are limp & juicy. Sprinkle in the flour & stir till it
  disappears. Slowly pour in the soymilk, stirring. Bring to a simmer,
  then stir in the dill & tarragon. Cook at a simmer till the sauce
  thickens.  Stir in the lemon juice & season to taste. Remove from
  heat & cover. FILLING: Trim about 1/2-inch of the asparagus stalks &
  scrape off any tough looking skin.  Cut stalks in half & steam till
  tender crisp. ASSEMBLE: Place 6 asparagus stalks in the centre of
  each crepe, letting the tips protrude from the top & overlapping the
  halved stalks in the centre if necessary.  Spoon a very small amount
  of sauce over the asparagus. fold one end of the crepe in towards the
  centre & overlap the other end over it. Arrange the crepes, folded
  side down, in an oiled, shallow baking dish. Spoon remaining sauce
  evenly over the crepes. Bake in a preheated 350F oven until just
  heated through.  Serve at once.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS FRITTATA
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Fresh Asparagus spears  *
    3/4 c  Lo-fat Cottage Cheese
    1/8 ts Salt
      1 c  Sliced fresh mushrooms
      6 x  Eggs
      2 ts Prepared Mustard
    1/8 ts Pepper
      1 x  Sm Tomato, cut in wedges
 
  *  or one 10-oz pkg frozen cut asparagus Cook fresh asparagus spears
  in a small amount of boiling water for 8-10 minutes or till
  crisp-tender; drain. Reserve 3 spears for garnish; cut remaining
  asparagus into 1" pieces. Or, cook frozen asparagus according to
  package directions; drain. Set aside.
   Meanwhile, in a medium mixing bowl beat eggs till foamy. Beat in
  cottage cheese, mustard, salt, and pepper; set aside.
   Spray a 10" ovenproof skillet with Pam. Cook mushrooms over medium
  heat till just tender. Stir in asparagus pieces. Pour egg mixture
  over mushrooms and asparagus (if using fresh asparagus, arrange the 3
  reserved spears on top.) Cook mixture over low heat about 5 minutes
  or till mixture bubbles slightly and begins to set around edges.
   Bake frittata, uncovered, in a 400 deg F oven about 10 minutes or
  till set. Garnish each serving with tomato.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS GRATIN
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        2 TB unsalted butter
        3 TB flour
    1 1/4 c  milk
        1 c  chicken broth
      1/2 c  grated sharp white cheddar,
  :          Swiss or Parmesan cheese
  :          Salt and freshly ground
  :          black pepper
        1 lb asparagus, -- peeled and
  :          cooked
        4    hard boiled eggs, -- thinly
  :          sliced
      1/4 c  fresh bread crumbs mixed
  :          with
      1/4 c  grated cheese (same type you
  :          added to the sauce)
        1 TB melted butter
  
  In a small saucepan heat the butter until frothy. Stir in the flour
  and cook slowly, stirring constantly, for a minute. Add the milk and
  broth, whisking vigorously and bring the liquid to a boil. Reduce the
  heat and simmer the sauce for 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in the cheese,
  remove the sauce from the heat and whisk it just until the cheese has
  melted. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Preheat the oven to 425
  degrees.
  
  Arrange the asparagus in the bottom of a baking dish. Top with sliced
  eggs and spoon the sauce over the top. Top with bread crumbs mixed
  with cheese and drizzle melted butter over the top. Bake for 20
  minutes or until the cheese sauce is bubbly.
  
  Yield: 2 servings
  
  Recipe By     :COOKING MONDAY TO FRIDAY SHOW #MF6664
  
                                        Date: Wed, 16 Oct 1996 14:43:49
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS GUACAMOLE
 Categories: Low fat, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparaus spears (cut into 1
           In  lengths) 2 cups
    3/4 c  Water
      2 tb Plain nonfat yogurt
      1 tb Lemon juice
      1 md Tomato, seeded and chopped
           (1 cup)
      2 tb Sliced green onion
      1 ts Ground cumin
      1    Clove garlic minced
    1/2 ts Dried oregano
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Cayenne
 
  Combine asparagus and water in a 2-quart saucepan. Bring to a boil
  over medium-high heat to medium-low. Simmer 8-110 minutes, or until
  asparagus is tender. Rinse with cold water; drain. Blot asparagus
  with paper towel to remove excess moisture. Combine asparagus, yogurt
  and lemon juice in a food processor or blender. Process until smooth.
  In a medium mixing bowl, combine asparagus mixture and remaining
  ingredients. Chill, if desired. Serve with raw veggies or tortilla
  chips. Makes 12 servings. Per serving: 12 cal.; 1 gm. fat
  
  Recipe from the Vegetarian Times, (sorry, don't know the issue date).
  Converted to MM by Donna Webster
     Donna@webster.demon.co.uk Submitted By DONNA@WEBSTER.DEMON.CO.UK
  On TUE, 31 OCT 1995
   151630    GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS IN ITS OWN JUICES
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Asparagus (medium to large)
      2 tb Unsalted butter
    1/2 ts Salt
           Freshly ground pepper
 
  CUT OFF THE TOUGH BOTTOM END of the asparagus and discard. Peel the
  stalks with a vegetable peeler. Place asparagus in a skillet or
  saucepan just large enough to hold them lying down and barely cover
  with cold water. Add butter and salt and bring to a boil, uncovered,
  over high heat. Stir the asparagus so it will cook evenly. The
  asparagus is done when the water has evaporated, leaving only the
  concentrated, buttery juice of the asparagus. Grind fresh pepper to
  taste over the asparagus and arrange on a vegetable platter.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS LASAGNA
 Categories: Vegetables, Pasta
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 lb Asparagus, trimmed
      3 tb Extra-virgin olive oil
      6    7 by 6 1/4 inch sheets
           No boil lasagna noodles
    1/8 lb Unsalted butter
    1/4 c  All-purpose flour
  1 1/2 c  Chicken broth
    1/2 c  Water
      7 oz Mild goat cheese
           Such as Montrachet
      1 ts Freshly grated lemon
           Zest, or to taste
  1 2/3 c  Freshly grated
           Parmesan cheese
      1 c  Heavy cream
 
  Cut the tips off each asparagus spear and reserve them. In each of 2
  large shallow baking pans toss half the asparagus stalks with half
  the oil, coating them well, and roast them in a preheated 500 F oven,
  shaking the pans every few minutes, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until
  they are crisp-tender.  Sprinkle the asparagus with salt to taste and
  let it cool. Cut the roasted asparagus into 1/2 inch lengths and
  reserve it.
  
  In a large bowl of cold water let the sheets of lasagna soak for 15
  minutes, or until they are softened. In a saucepan melt the butter,
  add the flour, and cook the roux over moderately low heat, stirring,
  for 3 minutes. Add the broth and the water in a stream, whisking,
  simmer the mixture for 5 minutes, and whisk in the goat cheese, the
  zest, and salt to taste, whisking until the sauce is smooth.
  
  Drain the pasta well, arrange 1 sheet of it in each of 2 buttered 8
  inch baking dishes, and spread each sheet with one fourth of the
  sauce. Top the sauce in each dish with one fourth of the reserved
  roasted asparagus and sprinkle the asparagus with 1/3 cup of the
  Parmesan. Continue to layer the pasta, the sauce, the asparagus, and
  the Parmesan in the same manner, ending with a sheet of pasta. In a
  bowl beat the cream with a pinch of salt until it holds soft peaks.
  Arrange the reserved asparagus tips decoratively on the pasta, spoon
  the cream over the pasta and the asparagus tips, spreading it with
  the back of the spoon, and sprinkle the remaining 1/3 cup Parmesan on
  top. Bake the lasagna in the middle of a pre- heated 400 F oven for
  20 to 30 minutes, or until it is golden and bubbling, and let it
  stand for 10 minutes before serving. Serves 8.
  From:	waltgray@mnsinc.Com (Walt Gray) Date:	96-05-06 01:44:44 Edt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS LASAGNE
 Categories: Vegetables, Pastas
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4 lb Asparagus, trimmed
      3 tb Extra-virgin olive oil
      6    7 by 6 1/4 inch sheets
           No boil lasagne noodles
    1/8 lb Unsalted butter
    1/4 c  All-purpose flour
  1 1/2 c  Chicken broth
    1/2 c  Water
      7 oz Mild goat cheese
           Such as Montrachet
      1 ts Freshly grated lemon
           Zest, or to taste
  1 2/3 c  Freshly grated
           Parmesan cheese
      1 c  Heavy cream
 
  Cut the tips off each asparagus spear and reserve them. In each of 2
  large shallow baking pans toss half the asparagus stalks with half
  the oil, coating them well, and roast them in a preheated 500 F oven,
  shaking the pans every few minutes, for 5 to 10 minutes, or until
  they are crisp-tender.  Sprinkle the asparagus with salt to taste and
  let it cool. Cut the roasted asparagus into 1/2 inch lengths and
  reserve it.
  
  In a large bowl of cold water let the sheets of lasagne soak for 15
  minutes, or until they are softened. In a saucepan melt the butter,
  add the flour, and cook the roux over moderately low heat, stirring,
  for 3 minutes. Add the broth and the water in a stream, whisking,
  simmer the mixture for 5 minutes, and whisk in the goat cheese, the
  zest, and salt to taste, whisking until the sauce is smooth.
  
  Drain the pasta well, arrange 1 sheet of it in each of 2 buttered 8
  inch baking dishes, and spread each sheet with one fourth of the
  sauce. Top the sauce in each dish with one fourth of the reserved
  roasted asparagus and sprinkle the asparagus with 1/3 cup of the
  Parmesan. Continue to layer the pasta, the sauce, the asparagus, and
  the Parmesan in the same manner, ending with a sheet of pasta. In a
  bowl beat the cream with a pinch of salt until it holds soft peaks.
  Arrange the reserved asparagus tips decoratively on the pasta, spoon
  the cream over the pasta and the asparagus tips, spreading it with
  the back of the spoon, and sprinkle the remaining 1/3 cup Parmesan on
  top.  Bake the lasagne in the middle of a pre- heated 400 F oven for
  20 to 30 minutes, or until it is golden and bubbling, and let it
  stand for 10 minutes before serving. Serves 8.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS LATKE
 Categories: Passover, Vegetables
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      1 lb Slender fresh asparagus
      1 sm Carrot, peeled, ends trim'd.
      2    Eggs (1 yolk-2 whites)
    1/4 ts Ea. nutmeg, allspice, salt &
           Pepper, marjoram.
      1 ts Olive oil
      1 tb Minced parsley
  1 1/2 ts Minced garlic
    1/4 c  Minced onion
    1/4 c  Mashed unsalted dry curd>>>>
           Cottage or ricotta cheese.
    1/2 c  Matzo meal (about)
    1/8 ts Cream tartar
      2 tb Italian olive oil (about)
 
     Break off butt ends of asparagus.  Fine-chop by hand, or with food
  processor fitted with steel blade. Scrape into bowl. Fine-grate
  carrots by hand, or cut into 1/2" rounds and fine-chop in food
  processor. Combine with asparagus.
  
     In sm. bowl, combine 1 egg yolk with seasonings, oil and parsley.
  Stir in garlic, onion and cottage cheese or ricotta (stir it up
  first). Combine asparagus mixture with batter.  Add matzoh meal, a
  tablespoon at a time, stirring after each addition.
  
     Beat egg whites on high speed of elec. mixer until foamy. Add cream
  tartar and continue beating until stiff but not dry. Fold into
  pancakes.
  
     Cook the latkes in batches, 4 at a time, or use 2 lge. nonstick
  skillets, dividing oil.  When oil is hot, over med. high heat, ladle a
  heaping tablespoon of batter for each pancake into the skillet,
  spreading to 3 inch diameter (pancakes should be abt. 1/4" thick).
  Cook until well brtowned (4 to 5 min.) before turning. Brown on
  second side, lifting up with spatula after 3 min. to check doneness.
  Keep warm in preheated 400 F. Toaster oven, or reg. oven.
  
     Yield:  16 latkes Frances Prince's New Jewish Cuisine
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS LATKES
 Categories: Passover, Vegetables
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      1 lb Slender fresh asparagus
      1 sm Carrot, peeled, ends trim'd.
      2    Eggs (1 yolk-2 whites)
    1/4 ts Ea. nutmeg, allspice, salt &
           Pepper, marjoram.
      1 ts Olive oil
      1 tb Minced parsley
  1 1/2 ts Minced garlic
    1/4 c  Minced onion
    1/4 c  Mashed unsalted dry curd>>>>
           Cottage or ricotta cheese.
    1/2 c  Matzo meal (about)
    1/8 ts Cream tartar
      2 tb Italian olive oil (about)
 
     Break off butt ends of asparagus.  Fine-chop by hand, or with food
  processor fitted with steel blade. Scrape into bowl. Fine-grate
  carrots by hand, or cut into 1/2" rounds and fine-chop in food
  processor. Combine with asparagus.
  
     In sm. bowl, combine 1 egg yolk with seasonings, oil and parsley.
  Stir in garlic, onion and cottage cheese or ricotta (stir it up
  first). Combine asparagus mixture with batter.  Add matzoh meal, a
  tablespoon at a time, stirring after each addition.
  
     Beat egg whites on high speed of elec. mixer until foamy. Add cream
  tartar and continue beating until stiff but not dry. Fold into
  pancakes.
  
     Cook the latkes in batches, 4 at a time, or use 2 lge. nonstick
  skillets, dividing oil.  When oil is hot, over med. high heat, ladle a
  heaping tablespoon of batter for each pancake into the skillet,
  spreading to 3 inch diameter (pancakes should be abt. 1/4" thick).
  Cook until well brtowned (4 to 5 min.) before turning. Brown on
  second side, lifting up with spatula after 3 min. to check doneness.
  Keep warm in preheated 400 F. Toaster oven, or reg. oven.
  
     Yield:  16 latkes Frances Prince's New Jewish Cuisine
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS LATKES                        --DAI
 Categories: Passover, Vegetables
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      1 lb Slender fresh asparagus
      1 sm Carrot, peeled, ends trim'd.
      2 ea Eggs (1 yolk-2 whites)
    1/4 ts Ea. nutmeg, allspice, salt &
           Pepper, marjoram.
      1 ts Olive oil
      1 tb Minced parsley
  1 1/2 ts Minced garlic
    1/4 c  Minced onion
    1/4 c  Mashed unsalted dry curd>>>>
           Cottage or ricotta cheese.
    1/2 c  Matzo meal (about)
    1/8 ts Cream tartar
      2 tb Italian olive oil (about)
 
     Break off butt ends of asparagus.  Fine-chop by hand, or with food
  processor fitted with steel blade. Scrape into bowl. Fine-grate
  carrots by hand, or cut into 1/2" rounds and fine-chop in food
  processor. Combine with asparagus.
  
     In sm. bowl, combine 1 egg yolk with seasonings, oil and parsley.
  Stir in garlic, onion and cottage cheese or ricotta (stir it up
  first). Combine asparagus mixture with batter.  Add matzoh meal, a
  tablespoon at a time, stirring after each addition.
  
     Beat egg whites on high speed of elec. mixer until foamy. Add cream
  tartar and continue beating until stiff but not dry. Fold into
  pancakes.
  
     Cook the latkes in batches, 4 at a time, or use 2 lge. nonstick
  skillets, dividing oil.  When oil is hot, over med. high heat, ladle a
  heaping tablespoon of batter for each pancake into the skillet,
  spreading to 3 inch diameter (pancakes should be abt. 1/4" thick).
  Cook until well brtowned (4 to 5 min.) before turning. Brown on
  second side, lifting up with spatula after 3 min. to check doneness.
  Keep warm in preheated 400 F. Toaster oven, or reg. oven.
  
     Yield:  16 latkes Frances Prince's New Jewish Cuisine
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS MALTAISE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Asparagus
      3    Egg yolks
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine
      1 ts Grated orange peel
      3 tb Orange juice
 
  Snap tough ends from asparagus and discard. Place asparagus in 1 inch
  water in large skillet, bring to boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer
  until tender, 5 to 8 minutes. Blend egg yolks, lemon juice and salt
  in saucepan or top of double boiler. Add half of butter and stir
  constantly over low heat or boiling water until butter melts. Add
  remaining butter and continue stirring until it melts and sauce
  thickens. Stir in orange peel and juice. Drain asparagus and serve
  topped with sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS MARCO POLO
 Categories: Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Asparagus
      3 tb Vegetable oil
      2 tb Fresh ginger root, cut into
           -tiny matchstick pieces
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ts Granulated sugar
      2 tb Lemon juice
 
  Cut off the tough stems of the asparagus.  If you wish, peel the stems
  partway up with a vegetable peeler.
  
  Cut the asparagus into pieces about 1/2 inch thick, on a sharp
  diagonal.
  
  Heat the oil in a skillet.  Add the ginger and cook for a few seconds
  until fragrant.
  
  Add the asparagus, sprinkle with the salt and toss with the oil. Cook
  for 1 to 2 minutes.  Add the sugar, toss, cover and cook for 2 to 3
  minutes.
  
  Add the lemon juice.  Toss well and serve.  Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
  Typed in MMFormat by cjhartlin@msn.com Source: Cooking with Bonnie
  Stern.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS MOUSSE
 Categories: Vegetables, Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Asparagus
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
      4 ts Lemon juice
      1 tb Green onion, chopped
      2    Envelopes unflavored gelatin
    1/2 c  Water
      1 c  Whipping cream
      2    Egg whites
      1 ts Salt
 
  Break off tough stems from asparagus and discard. Peel lower half of
  asparagus stems; cut into 1-inch lengths. In saucepan of boiling
  salted water, cook asparagus for about 10-minutes or until tender;
  drain. In food processor or blender, process until smooth. There
  should be about 2 cups puree.  Transfer to saucepan. Add mayonnaise,
  lemon juice and onion; cook over low heat just until warmed through.
  
  Meanwhile, in small saucepan, sprinkle gelatin over water; let stand
  for 5 minutes to soften.
  
  Over low heat, warm gelatin until disolved; stir into asparagus
  mixture. Transfer to bowl and place in large bowl of ice and water to
  chill, stirring frequently, for 10 to 15 minutes or until cold and
  slightly thickened.  Remove from iced water.
  
  Whip cream; set aside.  In large bowl, beat egg whites with salt until
  stiff peaks form.  Whisk about one-quarter of the beaten egg whites
  into cooled asparagus mixture; fold into remaining whites along with
  whipped cream.  Pour into rinsed 6-cup mould. Cover and refrigerate
  for at least 6 hours or up to 2 days.
  
  To unmould, wrap hot damp tea towel around mould for 1 minute. Using
  knife, loosen top edge of mousse from mould. Tilt or gently shake
  mould to loosen mousse. Invert rinsed serving platter on top of
  mould. Grasp platter and mould; quickly turn over.  Shake using quick
  downward motion, to release mousse from mould. Lift off mould. (If
  mousse sticks, repeat the procedure.)
  
  Source:  Canadian Living's Summertime Cooking (1987)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS NIBBLES
 Categories: 
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
     25    Asparagus spears -- fresh
           Salt to taste
     25 sl Bread
           White or whole wheat
      8 oz Cream cheese -- softened
      3 oz Bleu cheese -- softened
      1    Egg
           Melted butter - 1 to 1 1/2
           Cups
 
  These wonderful little make-ahead hors d'oeuvres are a treat to
  assemble in the spring when asparagus hits the market. You can store
  them in your freezer for a time later in the year when the taste
  would really hit the spot.
  
  Blanch asparagus spears until barely tender, 3 to 5 minutes. Drain
  immediately and plunge into cold water to stop the cooking process.
  Remove crusts from bread and flatten slices with a rolling pin. In a
  medium bowl, combine cheeses and egg, blending with an electric
  beater. Spread mixture evenly over bread slices. Trim asparagus
  spears to same length as bread slices, and then place one spear on
  each slice and roll up, jelly roll fashion. Dip each roll in melted
  butter to coat all sides, and place on a cookie sheet. Freeze rolls
  until hard, then re-package in freezer-storage containers. When ready
  to bake, cut frozen rolls into thirds and bake (while still frozen)
  in 400 degree oven for 15 minutes or until lightly browned.  Serve
  immediately. Yields 75 pieces. (YES: 75) Source: Sandwich Cuisine, by
  Jan Roberts-Dominquez Adapted for MasterCook format by Brenda Adams
  <adamsfmle@aol.com> Posted to mc-recipe 9/11/96
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From:	matejka@bga.Com (Anita A. Matejkadate:	96-09-09 23:43:38 Edt
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS OMELET
 Categories: Cheese/eggs, Vegetables
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Asparagus, trimmed
      2 tb Butter
           Small clove garlic,minced
    1/2 lb Mushrooms, sliced
      4 x  Eggs, lightly beaten
      2 tb Milk
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Crushed dried basil or
    3/4 ts Minced fresh basil..........
      1 ds Freshly ground black pepper
 
      Cut asparagus in 1 inch pieces; cook in boiling salted water until
  tender, about 2 to 4 minutes.
   Drain thoroughly.
      Melt 1 T butter in 8 inch skillet, preferably one with non-stick
  lining; saute garlic and mushrooms until done and moisture has
  evaporated. Remove from pan; keep warm.
      In a small bowl, combine eggs, milk, salt, basil and pepper. Melt
  remaining butter in skillet until foamy, swirling it around pan to
  coat evenly.  When hot enough that a drop of water sizzles when
  dropped in, pour in egg mixture.  Tip pan so eggs coat skillet
  evenly. As eggs cook, periodically lift up cooked edges, tilt pan and
  let uncooked egg run underneath.
   When eggs are cooked, but surface is still shiny, place asparagus and
  mushrooms on one side; slide out of pan, folding side without
  vegetables over top.
   Serve immediately
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS ROLL UPS
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1    Can Asparagus
      1    Loaf Bread *
      4 oz Bleu Cheese
      1 ts Worcestershire Sauce
      1    Beaten Egg
      8 oz Cream Cheese
           Garlic Powder To Taste
           Pepper To Taste
 
  * Remove crusts and flatten each slice.
  
  Mix bleu cheese, worcestershire sauce, beaten egg, cream cheese and
  seasonings.  Spread on bread - place an asparagus spear on top and
  roll up. Roll in melted butter and cut in thirds. Place on cookie
  sheet and bake for about 20 min.-- at 350 degrees.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SALAD
 Categories: Appetizers, Salads, Vegetables, Microwave
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 cn Whole green asparagus,17 oz
           Each, vertically packed
           Lettuce leaves
           Homemade mayonnaise, or
           Commercial mayonnaise
           -thinned with
           Light cream
      2    Hard cooked eggs, sieved
 
  1. Drain asparagus, trying to keep spears whole. 2 Place lettuce
  leaves on 8 salad plates and arrange asparagus on lettuce leaves, or
  asparagus may be placed in a vegetable bowl. 3. Place a spoonful of
  mayonnaise over asparagus. 4. Garnish with hard cooked egg. 5. Chill
  before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SALAD & LEMON-MUSTARD VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Salads, Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lb Asparagus
      1 ea Red bell pepper, roasted,
           -- peeled & cut into strips

MMMMM------------------------VINAIGRETTE-----------------------------
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      2 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Balsamic vinegar
      1 tb Dijon
           Salt & pepper
 
  Wash & bend asparagus discarding the tough ends that break off. Cut
  diagonally into three-inch pieces. Fill a large pot with water &
  bring to a rolling boil. Cook asparagus for 2 minutes. Drain & rinse
  in cold water. Place with pepper strips in a large serving bowl & set
  aside.
  
  VINAIGRETTE: Whisk oil, lemon juice & vinegar in a bowl. Stir in
  mustard, salt & pepper.  Pour over the asparagus & pepper & toss to
  coat. Serve at room temperature.
  
  "Vegetarian Gourmet" Spring, 1995
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SALAD - DALEY
 Categories: Appetizers, Salads, Vegetables, Cheese, Low-fat/low
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     28    Asparagus spears -- trimmed
    1/2 c  Nonfat yogurt
      1 tb Blue cheese -- crumbled
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      1 tb Chives
      1    Clove garlic -- peeled and
           Minced
      2    Tomatoes -- cored and
           Wedged
           Salt and pepper -- to taste
    1/2 c  Fennel
 
  Bring water to the boil in the bottom of a steamer. Fit the baket
  into the steamer.  Steam the asparagus over medium high heat for
  about 6 minutes, until bright green and tender. Remove the steamer
  from the heat and let the asparagus cool.
  
  Combine the yogurt and blue cheese in a small saucepan. Warm over low
  heat for 1 to 2 minutes, whisking constantly, just until the blue
  cheese has melted.  Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the
  lemon juice, chives and garlic.
  
  Arrange the asparagus in the centrer of a serving plate and ring with
  the tomato wedges. Drizzle the yogurt dressing over the asparagus.
  Sprinkle with the salt and pepper and garnish with the fennel.
  
  Recipe By     : Rosie Daley from "In the Kitchen with Rosie"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SALAD W/PECANS
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables, Low-cal
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     24 ea Asparagus spears fresh
      6 ea Red leaf lettuce leaves
      6 tb Buttermilk mayonaise
      2 tb Pecans chopped
 
  Bring large pot of watewr to a boil. Wash aparagus and snap off tough
  bottoms of stems. When water is boiling , add the asparagus and let
  water return to a boil.. Cook approx. 3 minutes or until the
  asparagus is still crsip but tender. Remove the asparagus and rinse
  under cold water and refrigerate to chill. At serving time, line 6
  salad plates with the lettuce leaves and arrange 4 asparagus spears
  on each. Top salads with the Buttermilk mayo and 1 teaspoon of the
  chopped pecans.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SALAD WITH BLUE CHEESE DRESSING
 Categories: Salads, Healthy, Dressing
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     28    Asparagus spears -- trimmed
    1/2 c  Nonfat yogurt
      1 tb Blue cheese -- crumbled
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
      1 tb Chives
      1    Clove garlic -- peeled and
           Minced
      2    Tomatoes -- cored and
           Wedged
           Salt and pepper -- to taste
    1/2 c  Fennel
 
  Bring water to the boil in the bottom of a steamer. Fit the baket
  into the steamer.  Steam the asparagus over medium high heat for
  about 6 minutes, until bright green and tender. Remove the steamer
  from the heat and let the asparagus cool.
  
  Combine the yogurt and blue cheese in a small saucepan. Warm over low
  heat for 1 to 2 minutes, whisking constantly, just until the blue
  cheese has melted.  Remove the pan from the heat and whisk in the
  lemon juice, chives and garlic.
  
  Arrange the asparagus in the centrer of a serving plate and ring with
  the tomato wedges. Drizzle the yogurt dressing over the asparagus.
  Sprinkle with the salt and pepper and garnish with the fennel.
  
  Recipe By: Rosie Daley from "In the Kitchen with Rosie"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SALAD WITH PECANS
 Categories: Diabetic, Salads, Vegetables, Side dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Water
     24    Asparagus spears, fresh
           - medium-sized
      6    Red leaf lettuce; leaves
      6 tb Buttermilk mayonnaise;
           -(see Index)
           -=OR=-
      6 tb -prepared light mayonnaise;
      2 tb Pecans; chopped
 
  Bring large pot of water to boil. Wash asparagus and snap off tough
  bottoms os stems.  When water is boiling, add asparagus and let water
  return to a boil. Cook about 3 minutes, until asparagus is crisp but
  tender. Remove asparagus, run it under cold water, and refrigerate to
  chill. At serving time, line six salad plates with lettuce and
  arrange four spears on each. Top salads ith 1 tb of Buttermilk
  Mayonnaise or commercial light mayonnaise and sprinkle with 1 ts
  chopped pecans.
  
  Food Exchange per serving: 1 VEGETABLE EXCHANGE; CHO: 9g; PRO: 3g;
  FAT: 2g; CAL: 41 Low-sodium diets: This recipe is excellent.
  
  Source: The Art of Cooking for the Diabetic by Mary Abbott
  Hess.,R.D.,M.S. and Katharine Middleton Brought to you and yours via
  Nancy O'Brion and her Meal Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SALAD WITH PICKLED GINGER
 Categories: Chinese, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     12    Medium-size asparagus
      4    Pieces pickled red ginger

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
      1 tb Thin soy sauce
    1/4 ts Ginger juice
      1 pn Sugar
      1 tb Sesame oil
 
  Wash asparagus spears.  Use sharp paring knife to peel off tough
  white skin on lower stem and cut off the very end. When steamer is
  hot, steam spears until barely cooked. They are overcooked when the
  color is olive. Remove from steamer, drain any water, and cool to
  room temperature. Meanwhile, mix dressing ingredients in small bowl.
  Slice pickled red ginger into thin slivers.  About ten minutes before
  serving, slice spears on the bias into 2" segments. Place on serving
  dish, intermingled with pickled ginger. Pour dressing over asparagus,
  and let it permeate the salad. Serve at room temperature.  This salad
  can also be served while asparagus is still warm, or it can be
  chilled.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SALAD WITH PICKLED RED GINGER
 Categories: Chinese, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     12    Medium-size asparagus
      4    Pieces pickled red ginger

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
      1 tb Thin soy sauce
    1/4 ts Ginger juice
      1 pn Sugar
      1 tb Sesame oil
 
  Asparagus salad is typical of many Chinese vegetable salads, in that
  the vegetable is first steamed, then cooled, before slicing and
  dressing.
  
  Wash asparagus spears.  Use sharp paring knife to peel off tough
  white skin on lower stem and cut off the very end. When steamer is
  hot, steam spears until barely cooked. They are overcooked when the
  color is olive. Remove from steamer, drain any water, and cool to
  room temperature. Meanwhile, mix dressing ingredients in small bowl.
  Slice pickled red ginger into thin slivers.  About ten minutes before
  serving, slice spears on the bias into 2" segments.  Place on serving
  dish, intermingled with pickled ginger. Pour dressing over asparagus,
  and let it permeate the salad. Serve at room temperature.  This salad
  can also be served while asparagus is still warm, or it can be
  chilled.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SALAD WITH RASPBERRY VINEGRETTE
 Categories: Side dish, Digest
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Fresh asparagus, washed well
           -and cut into 1" pieces
      1    Red pepper, seeded and cut
           -into 1/4" x 1" pieces
      1    Red onion, chopped
    1/2 c  Raspberry vinegar
    1/2 c  Water
      1 tb Sugar or honey
      1 ts Parsley
 
  Steam the asparagus pieces for 2 minutes.  Plunge into cold water to
  stop cooking.  Drain.
  
  Put asparagus, red pepper and onion into a plastic bowl (with cover).
  Blend vinegar, water, sugar (honey) and parsley in a separate bowl
  and then pour over vegetables. Adjust seasonings if desired (may want
  to add more sweetness).  Stir, cover and refrigerate for at least 24
  hours. Stir every so often.
  
  Serve cold as a side salad.
  
  Hint:  make sure you only use the tender part of the asparagus. My mom
  taught me that you hold the tip and base of the asparagus in separate
  hands and then bend it until it breaks. Only use the tip end and use
  the base end for soup or compost it.
  
  Lucinda Rasmussen <lrasmuss@PICA.ARMY.MIL> From Fatfree Digest
  April-May 1994, Formatting by Sue Smith (using MMCONV)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SALAD WITH VINAIGRETTE CHINOISE
 Categories: Salads, Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Thin asparagus, end trimmed
           -and stalks peeled to the
           -tip, if thick
    1/2    Head red-leaf lettuce
    1/4 c  Rice wine vinegar
      2 tb Soy sauce
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts Dried red pepper flakes
      3 tb Corn oil
      4 ts Sesame seed oil
           Coarse salt
      1 ts Unsalted butter
    1/4 c  Raw sunflower seeds
      1 tb Diagonally sliced green
           -onion, green part only
 
  Slice the asparagus in a long diagonal at 2" intervals. Blanch in a
  large pot of boiling water for about 4 minutes, until just
  tender-crunchy. Drain, refresh under cold running water, then dry
  carefully with paper towels.
  
  Whisk together the rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, red pepper,
  corn oil, sesame seed oil and salt, to taste. Toss with the
  asparagus. Cool, cover and refrigerate for several hours or
  overnight, if desired.
  
  Melt the butter in a small saute pan and stir-fry the sunflower seeds
  until golden brown. Remove and reserve.
  
  When ready to serve, toss the asparagus and vinaigrette again,
  arrange on red lettuce leaves on individual salad plates and top with
  toasted sunflower seeds and sliced green onions.
  
  Susan Bradley, "Pacific Northwest Palate", Posted by Michael
  Orchekowski
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SAUTE
 Categories: Vegetables, Seafood, China
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus
      3 tb Oil, peanut
    3/4 lb Raw shrimp
           - peeled and deveined
      5    Mushrooms; sliced
      2 ts Cornstarch
    1/4 c  Chicken or Vegetable broth
           -OR- Water
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 tb Mirin or sherry
      1 ds Sugar
           Salt, pepper
 
  Break off woody ends from asparagus and cut spears into 1/2-inch
  diagonal slices. Heat half of oil in wok or skillet and cook
  asparagus until bright green. Push asparagus to one side. Add
  remaining oil and saute shrimp and mushrooms 2 minutes. In bowl,
  combine cornstarch, broth, soy sauce, mirin and sugar. Stir into
  asparagus mixture. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Cook 1 to 2
  minutes longer.
  
  (C) 1992 The Los Angeles Times Recipe courtesy of: Karen Mintzias, 03
  Mar 93  17:06:14
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SHEAVES KAMBU
 Categories: Side dishes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Fish paste:
      1 lb Ling cod or other firm white
      1 tb Light soy sauce
      1 tb Dry sherry
      1 ts Fresh ginger
    1/2 c  Sliced scallions
      2    Egg whites
      4 tb Cornstarch
           Asparagus:
      2 c  Vegetable oil
      1 lb Asparagus
      1 c  Fish paste
      4 ts Thai-style chile paste'
 
  Fish Paste: Place all ingredients in a blender or food processor and
  reduce to a paste. add more cornstarch.
  
  Asparagus: Heat the oil to medium in a wok or other deep, heavy
  vessel. Take 3 or 4 asparagus spears in one hand and about 2 or 3
  tablespoons of fish paste in the other. Wrap the fish paste around
  the middle of the sheave to bind it together.  Drop it into the hot
  oil and deep fry for about 3 minutes, or until the fish paste is set
  and just beginning to brown.  Remove and drain. cooking three or four
  sheaves at a time. Combine the remaining fish sauce and chile paste
  and drizzle over the cooked sheaves.
  
  Variation: To reduce calories, cook the sheaves in boiling clarified
  chicke or fish stock.  You could also use green beans, or bell
  peppers cut into th strips lengthwise.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SHRIMP SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Seafood
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Shrimp shelled and cleaned
  1 1/2 lb Cleaned asparagus
      1    Thin lemon slice
    1/4 c  Sliced green onion
      2 tb Minced parsley
      1 md Diced tomato
           Lettuce leaves
      1 oz Grated Monterey jack cheese

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Salad oil
      4 tb Vinegar
    1/4 ts Salt
           Dash cayenne
    1/8 ts Pepper
      1 tb Parsley
      1 tb Basil
      1 tb Oregano
      1 tb Chervil
 
  Cook shrimp; drain and set aside. Cook asparagus until crisp- tender;
  drain well. Place shrimp, asparagus and lemon slice in mixing bowl.
  Pour herb dressing over all, cover and chill well, stirring once or
  twice. Combine onion, parsley and tomato. To serve, drain shrimp
  asparagus mixture and arrange on plate with lettuce and cheese. Serve
  with tomato mixture. DRESSING: Combine oil, vinegar, salt, cayenne,
  pepper, parsley, basil, chervil and oregano.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------STOCK--------------------------------
      1 lb Asparagus,thin*
      1 c  Leeks greens,roughly chopped
      1    Bay leaf
      1    Carrot,peeled and chopped
      1    Celery stalk,chopped
      4    Parsley branches
    1/2 ts Salt
      8 c  Water,cold

MMMMM----------------------------SOUP---------------------------------
      3 tb Butter
      3    Leeks,white parts,sliced
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Parsley,chopped
      7 c  Stock
    1/2 c  Light cream (opt)
           Pepper
      1 ts Grated lemon peel
           Parmesan,grated,for garnish
 
  * - lower ends only
  
  *** STOCK ***
  
  Snap the lower end of the asparagus where they break easily when bent.
  Rinse the ends well and roughly chop them into 1" pieces. Combine the
  rest of the stock ingredients in a stock pot, bring to a boil, simmer
  20-25 minutes, and then strain.
  
  *** SOUP ***
  
  Cut off the tips of the asparagus and set aside. Roughly chop the
  stems into 1" pieces. Melt the butter in a soup pot, add the leeks,
  and cook over medium-high heat for 2-3 minutes, stirring as needed.
  Add the asparagus stems, salt and parsley. Pour in 5 cups of the
  stock and bring to a boil; then simmer until asparagus is just
  tender, about 6 minutes. Blend the soup in a blender. Return soup to
  pot, stir in cream, if using, and thin it with more stock if
  necessary. Season to taste with salt, pepper and lemon peel. In
  another pot, bring a few cups of water to a boil with a little salt.
  Cook the asparagus tips 1 1/2 to 2 minutes until they are done. Add
  them to the soup. Bring soup to a gentle simmer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SOUP #1
 Categories: Vegetables, Microwave, Soups/stews
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Asparagus, cut diag 1" piece
      1 ea Clove pressed garlic
      3 ea Sliced leeks
      4 ea Chopped thinly green onions
      3 tb Butter
      1 ea Chopped small red potato
      4 c  Water
      1 ea Vegetable,beef, chicken cube
      1 tb Soy sauce
      1 c  Cream
      2 tb Tarragon
      2 tb Basil
 
    Saute vegetables in butter for 5 minutes. Add water and bouillon
  cube; simemr 5 minutes. Add remaining ingredients and simmer 10
  minutes more. Serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SOUP #2
 Categories: Vegetables, Microwave, Soups/stews
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Fresh asparagus washed and
           -tough/dry ends removed
    1/4 c  (1/2 stick) unsalted
           -butter
      1 c  Carefully washed and chop
           -leeks white part only
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
    1/2 c  Chopped celery
      1 sm Baking potato (about 1/2
           -lb) peeled and cubed
  3 1/2 c  Chicken stock
      1 ts Lemon juice
           Salt and pepper to taste
           Paprika, optional
    1/2 c  Half-and-half
           Creme fraiche/whipped cream
           -for garnish
 
     Snap off asparagus tips and set the stalks aside. Melt butter in a
  deep skillet with a cover. Add asparagus tips, onion, leeks, celery
  and potato. Cover lightly and cook over the very lowest heat until
  vegetables are soft, 20 minutes or more.
     Meanwhile, place chicken stock in a large saucepan with the
  reserved asparagus stalks, cut into large pieces. Bring to a boil and
  simmer, covered tightly, for about 30 minutes. Discard stalks and set
  stock aside.
     In a food processor, puree softened vegetables and add to the
  asparagus stock. Season with lemon juice, salt, white pepper and
  paprika, if desired. Allow to cool and refrigerate. Stir in
  half-and-half and serve garnished with a dollop of creme fraiche or
  whipped cream and a sprinkling of paprika, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SOUP (NZ)
 Categories: New zealand, Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus
      4 c  Milk
      2 tb Butter
      2 tb Flour
    1/8 ts Pepper
      1 ts Salt
 
  1. Cut the tips off the asparagus 1 1/2 inches from the top and wash
  thoroughly.
  
  2. Take the tips and cover in a pot with boiling water, cook until
  they are tender. Set the tips aside.
  
  3. Use the same water and cook the rest of the asparagus the same
  way. When cooked the water can be poured out and the asparagus grated
  and added to the milk.
  
  4. Melt the butter and mix with it the flour, salt and pepper. Then
  add the asparagus. Stir continually and bring to a boil.
  
  5. Boil for 5 minutes.
  
  6. Add the tips and serve.
  
  SOURCE: * Kiwi Cookbook, by Alan Armstrong, Seven Seas Publishing Pty
  Ltd, PO Box 1431, Wellington, New Zealand, (C. 1968) ISBN 85467 016 5
  
  SHARED BY: Jim Bodle 4/92 1/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SOUP (ZUPPA DI ASPARAGI)
 Categories: Italian, Soups/stews, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Extra-virgin olive oil
      2    Cloves garlic, minced
      2 lb Asparagus, trimmed, peeled
           -and cut (1 inch pieces)
           Salt and pepper
      1 qt Chicken broth
      4    Eggs
    1/2 c  Freshly grated Parmesan or
           -pecorino cheese
      6 sl Italian bread, toasted
 
  Heat the oil and garlic in a soup pot until the garlic is golden. Add
  the asparagus and cook until they begin to color. Season with salt
  and pepper. Add the broth and bring to a boil; reduce the heat and
  simmer for 15 minutes, or until the asparagus is tender.
  
  Beat the eggs and cheese together.  When the asparagus is tender,
  reduce the heat so the soup is no longer simmering. Very slowly ladle
  some of the hot soup into the beaten eggs, stirring continuously.
  After adding about 2 cups of the hot soup to the eggs, reverse the
  process and gradually stir the eggs mixture into the soup pot. The
  soup must not boil or the eggs will scramble.  Heat until thickened.
  
  Put one slice of toasted bread into each soup dish. Ladle the hot
  soup on top and pass additional grated cheese.
  
  Serves 6.
  
  NOTE:  To trim asparagus, hold the tip in one hand and the base of the
  stalk in the other.  Bend gently.  The asparagus will snap, leaving
  the tender part with the tip.
  
  [ "We Called It Macaroni"; Nancy Verde Barr; Knopf; ISBN
  0-394-55798-0 ]
  
  Posted by Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS SPAMELT+
 Categories: Main-dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Butter or margarine
    1/4 c  Flour
      2 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Shredded sharp Cheddar
           -cheese, divided
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts White pepper
      8 sl Spam (12 oz. can)
     24    Asparagus spears, fresh or
           -frozen, 5 to 6" long
    1/4 c  Mild salsa
    1/2 c  Buttered bread crumbs
 
  Heat oven to 375 degrees. In saucepan, melt butter, stir in flour and
  cook until thick. Gradually stir in milk and cook until bubbly and
  thickened. Stir in 1/2 cup Cheddar cheese, salt and pepper. Remove
  from heat. Spread the 2 3/4x3 1/2 inch slices of Spam in bottom of 9
  x 13 inch baking pan. Put Spam in oven for 5 minutes to soften for
  easier rolling. Cook asparagus spears for 4 minutes. Cool slightly
  and place 3 spears on each Spam slice. Roll up. Fasten with
  toothpick, if needed. Place in the pan. Cover with cheese sauce.
  Sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup cheese. Sprinkle with crumbs. Bake
  uncovered for 20 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS STRATA
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 cn Asparagus, pieces or spears
      4    American cheese slices
      8    Bread slices, thin
      4    Eggs
      4 c  Milk
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
    1/2 ts Pepper
 
  Place 4 slices of bread, with crusts removed, into greased 8" X 8" X
  2" pan. Put slice of cheese on each piece of bread, then place
  asparagus evenly on top of cheese. Top each with another slice of
  bread. Mix egg, milk, salt, pepper, and mustard and pour over bread.
  Let refrigerate overnight. Sprinkle top with additional grated cheese
  and bake at 350 degrees for 45-50 minutes or until custard is set
  (knife comes out clean when inserted). As a variation, use ham slices
  instead of asparagus and top with corn flakes and 4T melted butter.
  Mrs. Harold T. Cook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS STRUDEL
 Categories: Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lg Onions; finely chopped
    1/4 lb Butter or vegan margarine
           -plus:
      2 tb Butter or vegan margarine
  1 1/3 c  Fine fresh breadcrumbs
      8    Phyllo pastry sheets
  1 1/2 lb Trimmed asparagus; washed,
           - chopped and cooked
           - until tender
    1/4 c  Finely chopped parsley

MMMMM-------------------------TO GARNISH------------------------------
           Parsley sprigs
           Lemon slices
           Asparagus tips

MMMMM----------------VEGAN YOGURT & HERB DRESSING---------------------
    1/2 c  Vegan yogurt
           Salt
           Freshly ground black pepper
      2 tb Chopped mint
 
  Preheat the oven to 400 F.  Saute the onions in 2 tablespoons of the
  butter or vegan margarine for 10 minutes, until soft but not browned.
  
  In another pan, heat 4 tablespoons of the butter or vegan margarine
  and saute the crumbs until crisp. Melt the remaining butter or vegan
  margarine in a small saucepan.
  
  Spread one phyllo pastry sheet out on a large board and brush with
  butter or margarine.  Put another pastry sheet on top and brush with
  more butter or margarine. Repeat until all sheets have been used.
  
  Spread the onions evenly on top of the pastry, keeping the edges
  clear. Put the asparagus over the top of the onions and sprinkle with
  three-quarters of the crumbs and the parsley.
  
  Fold over 2 inches all around the pastry, then fold the long edges
  over to make a roll.
  
  Place the roll, seam side down, on a baking sheet and bend it around
  into a horseshoe shape.  Brush with remaining melted butter or
  margarine and sprinkle with the remaining crumbs. Bake for 40
  minutes, until golden and crisp.  Garnish with parsley sprigs, lemon
  slices and asparagus tips.
  
  Combine Yogurt and Herb Dressing ingredients, and serve with Strudel.
  
  Source: The Complete Vegetarian Cuisine - by Rose Elliot ISBN:
  0-394-57123-1 Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS TACOS
 Categories: Vegetables, Mexican
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        4    yellow corn tortillas
       16    pieces asparagus -- grilled
      1/4 c  Monterey jack cheese --
  :          shredded
      1/4 c  White Cheddar cheese --
  :          shredded
  :          salt
  :          pepper
  :          olive oil -- for brushing
  
  Prepare grill.
  
  For each taco, spread 1/4 of the cheeses and 4 pieces of the
  asparagus on each tortilla, Season to taste with salt and pepper.
  Fold in half. Brush the outside lightly with olive oil.
  
  Grill for 3 minutes on each side or until tortillia is crispy and
  cheese has melted.
  
  Copyright, 1996, TV FOOD NETWORK, G.P., All Rights Reserved
  
  Recipe By     : GRILLIN' & CHILLIN'  SHOW #GR3608
  
                                        Date: Tue, 1 Oct 1996 23:57:41
  ~0400 (E
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS TART
 Categories: Creole, Main dish, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Pastry for 9" pie
      1 lb Asparagus in 1-1/2" pieces
      1 c  Jarisberg cheese,shredded
      3 tb Pimiento strips
      2 tb Cornstarch
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 pn Black pepper
  1 1/2 c  Half-and-half
      3    Eggs,slightly beaten
    1/4 c  Parmesan cheese,fresh grated
 
  1. Line 11x1-inch fluted tart pan with pastry; trim pastry with top
  of pan and prick with fork.
  2. Bake tart shell in preheated 450'F oven 10 minutes, or just until
  lightly browned.
  3. Meanwhile, cook asparagus in boiling salted water just until
  crisp-tender; drain thoroughly.
  4. Remove baked sheel from oven and reduce temperature to 375'F.
  5. Sprinkle sheel with Jarisberg cheese; top with well-drained
  asparagus and pimiento.
  6. In medium bowl, combine cornstarch, salt and black pepper;
  gradually stir in half-and-half until smooth.
  7. Stir in eggs and Parmesan cheese until well blended; pour mixture
  into tart shell over asparagus.
  8. Bake in preheated oven 35 to 50 minutes, or until knife inserted in
  center comes out clean. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS TIP PASTA
 Categories: Pasta, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb FUSILLI PASTA (SPIRALS)
      3 tb OLIVE OIL
      4 tb SWEET BUTTER
     10 oz FRESH ASPARAGUS TIPS (1 INCH
      1 c  PITTED BLACK OLIVES, SLICED
      2 tb CALVERT'S CEDAR STREET
      1 x  BUMPY BEER MUSTARD
      2 tb FRESH LEMON JUICE
    1/2 c  KASSERI OR FRESH PARMESAN, F
      1 x  SALT
      1 x  FRESHLY CRACKED BLACK PEPPER
 
       Cook pasta according to directions.  While cooking, melt butter
       in saute pan over medium high heat.  Add asparagus tips and cook
       briefly--about 4 minutes.  Drain pasta and toss with olive oil.
       Add asparagus, butter, olives, mustard, lemon juice, and salt and
       pepper.  Top with freshly grated cheese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS TIPS SANDWICH
 Categories: Sandwiches, Club, Asparagus, Cole slaw, Fillings
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Asparagus tips
           Tomato
           Cole slaw
           Mayonnaise ( opt )
 
    Bottom;Place asparagus tips on whole wheat bread, then cover with
  tomato slices.
  
    Top; Spread cole slaw ( dressed with mayonnaise if desired ) on
  bread. Jeannie Allen
  
  From: Lewisallen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS TOMATO SITR-FRY
 Categories: Vegetables, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------LISA CRAWLEY  TSPN00B------------------------
      1 tb Cold Water
      2 ts Soy Sauce
      1 ts Cornstarch
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 lb Fresh Asparagus Spears
      1 tb Vegetable Oil
      4    Green Onions; sliced diag.
           -into 1" pieces
  1 1/2 c  Fresh Mushrooms; sliced
      2 sm Tomatoes; cut in thin wedges
 
  Combine first 4 ingred. in sm. bowl, stirring until blended. Set
  aside. Snap off tough ends of asparagus. Remove scales from stalks
  with a knife. Cut asparagus diagonally into 1 1/2" pieces. Set aside.
  Pour oil around top of preheated wok, coating sides; heat at med.
  high for 2 min. Add asparagus and green onions; stir-fry 3-4 min. Add
  mushrooms; stir-fry 1 min. Add reserved cornstarch mixture to veg.
  mixture in wok; cook until thickened and bubbly.  Add tomato, and
  cook just until heated. Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS VICHYSSOISE
 Categories: Soups/stews, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 lb Fresh Asparagus Spears
  3 1/4 c  Water Divided
      2 lg Potatoes (1 Lb.)
           Peeled & Diced
      2 ts Chicken Bouillon Granules
    3/4 c  Skim Milk
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/8 ts White Pepper
           Lemon Rind Strips (Opt.)
 
  Clean Asparagus & Cut Into 1 Inch Pieces.  Combine Asparagus & 1/4 C.
  Water in A 3 Quart Casserole. Cover With Plastic Wrap, Turn Back One
  Corner To Vent & Microwave On High For 5 Min. Let Stand 3 Min. Add
  Remaining 3 Cups Water, Potatoes & Bouillon Granules To Asparagus
  Mixture. Cover With Plastic & Vent. Microwave At High For 10 Min.,
  Stirring Once. Reduce Power To Medium & Microwave 15 To 18 Min. Let
  Mixture Cool Slightly. Pour About 1/3 Of Mixture Into Processor &
  Process Until Smooth. Transfer Mixture To A Large Bowl.  Repeat
  Procedure With Remainingasparagus Mixture. Stir in Milk, Salt &
  Pepper. Cover & Chill About 8 Hours. Stir Well Before Serving.
  Garnish With Lemon Rind Strips. (Fat 0.5. Chol. 0.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS VINAGRETTE SALAD
 Categories: Kosher, Salads, Cajun
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 ts Sugar
    1/8 ts Cayenne pepper
      1 ds Garlic juice
      1 c  Olive or salad oil
      2 tb Chopped parsley
      2 cn 15 oz. whole asparagus,drain
  1 1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Paprika
    1/3 c  Tarragon vinegar
    1/4 c  Chopped shallots or onions
      2 tb Chopped pimento
      1 tb Capers
 
  Combine sugar, salt, cayenne pepper, paprika, and garlic juice in a
  bowl. Add vinegar and oil slowly, beating constantly. Add onions or
  shallots, parsley, pimento, and capers. Mix well. Pour over asparagus
  and refrigerate overnite.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS W/SESAME BUTTER
 Categories: Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Fresh asparagus
      1 c  Boiling water
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 tb Cornstarch
    1/4 c  Cold water
    1/4 c  Butter or margarine
      3 tb Sesame seeds, toasted
 
  Place asparagus spears in a large skillet; add boiling water and
  salt. Cook for 5-7 minutes or until tender. Remove asparagus and keep
  warm. Drain cooking liquid, reserving 1/2 cup in a small saucepan.
  Combine cornstarch and cold water; stir into liquid. Cook and stir
  over medium heat until thickened and bubbly; cook and stir 1 minute
  more. Stir in butter until melted. Spoon over asparagus and sprinkle
  with sesame seeds. Serve immediately.  Yield: 6-8 servings.  Typed in
  MMFormat by cjhartlin@msn.com Source: Homemaker Schools Recipe
  Collection Spring 98
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH APPLE VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Vegetables, Fruits, Dressings, Canadian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Apples; peel,core,quarter
      1 c  Water
      1 tb Honey
    1/4 c  Red wine vinegar
    1/2 c  Garlic clove,peel,mince
      1 ts Dijon mustard
      1 tb Lemon juice,fresh squeeze
  1 1/2 ts Brandy
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
           Salt
           Pepper
  1 1/2 lb Asparagus,cook tender crisp
 
  VINAIGRETTE: 1. In a saucepan, over medium heat, simmer the apples and
  honey in water until tender. 2. Cool in the pan and remove the
  apples. 3. Place the apples in a food processor or blender and puree.
  4. Add vinegar, garlic, mustard, lemon juice and brandy to the apple
  puree and blend for one minute. 5. With machine running, add the
  vegetable oil, blending until smooth. 6. Season with salt and pepper.
  Cook or steam asparagus until tender. Arrange on individual serving
  plates and cover with several spoons of vinaigrette.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH BACON
 Categories: Diabetic, Vegetables, Side dish, Meats
      Yield: 4 Sweet ones
 
  1 1/2 lb Asparagus;* cut diagonally
           -into 1" pieces
     10 oz (2 pkg) frozen apaparagus;
      2 tb Fresh parsley; snipped
      2 tb Lemon juice;
    1/4 ts Salt;
      2 sl Bacon; fried and chopped
 
  * 2 PACKAGES (10 oz) frozen cut asparagus can be substitued for the
  fresh asparagus.  Cook as directed on package; drain.
  
  Place steamer basket in 1/2" water in saucepan or skillet (water
  should not touch the bottom of basket). Place lower stalk pieces in
  basket. Cover tightly and heat to boiling; reduce heat. Steam 4
  minutes. Add tips. Cover tightly and steam until crisp-tender, 4 to 5
  minutes longer. Toss asparagus with parsley, lemon juice and salt.
  Sprinkle with bacon.
  
  MICROWAVE DIRECTIONS:  Place asparagus, 1/2 cup water and 1/4
  teaspoon salt in 1 1/2-quart microwable casserole. Cover tightly and
  microwave on high(100% depending how powerful the microwave is) 3
  minutes, less if very powerful( my microwave is an older one..in fact
  20 years); stir. Cover and microwave until crisp-tender, 2 to 3
  minutes longer. Let stand 1 munites; drain.  Continue as directed.
  Serving size 3/4 cup. Food Exchanges per serving: 1 VEGETABLE
  EXCHANGES + MAYBE 1/2 HIGH-FAT MEAT EXCHANGE; CAL: 75; (Bacon listed
  as Saturated Fat, but we wouldn't use it anyhow would we).
  
  Source: Betty's Crocker's New American Cooking by WHOM(1983) Brought
  to you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH BLACK BEAN BEEF
 Categories: Chinese, Beef
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Beef, sliced, marinated
      1 lb Asparagus
    1/4 ts Baking soda, dissolved in
           2 teaspoons water
      1 tb Chinese fermented black
           Beans, minced with:
      4    Garlic cloves
      1 ts Rice wine
      2 ts Soy sauce
           Peanut oil

MMMMM---------------------MARINADE FOR BEEF--------------------------
      1 ts Cornstarch
      1 ts Soy sauce
    1/2 ts Rice wine
    1/2 ts Sugar
    1/4 ts MSG (optional)
    1/2 ts Salt

MMMMM-----------------------GRAVY MIXTURE----------------------------
      1 ts Cornstarch
    1/3 c  Water
 
  Cut the beef when it is partially frozen, and cut it across the grain
  into thin slices.
  
  Stir baking soda solution into the beef (to help tenderize it). Stir
  in the marinade.  Then stir in 1 tsp peanut oil and marinate the beef
  for one hour or more in the refrigerator.
  
  Heat 1 tablespoon peanut oil over high heat, add 1/2 teaspoon salt.
  Stir in asparagus.  Add 1/4 cup water. Cover pan for 2 minutes, and
  do not lift lid.  When done, remove to a platter.
  
  Over high heat, add 1 tablespoon of oil.  Stir-fry the RINSED black
  beans and garlic mixture.  Stir for a few seconds. Add the beef.
  Stir-fry quickly until barely. Do not overcook or the beef will
  become tough. Sizzle in 1 tablespoon of rice wine and 2 teaspoons of
  soy sauce. Stir in asparagus.
  
  Add gravy mixture.  Stir until thickened.  Serve hot.
  
  SOURCE: Stella Chan's Secrets in the Art of Chinese Cooking.
  
  Posted by Cate Vanicek
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH BLUE CHEESE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus; cleaned
      2 ts Red wine vinegar
      2 tb Olive oil
      2 tb Chives; minced
      4 tb Blue cheese; crumbled
           White pepper; freshly ground
 
  Snap ends off asparagus spears.  Fill medium skillet with 1-inch
  water and bring to a boil.  Add asparagus in single layer and cook 8
  to 10 minutes or until tender. Drain well and arrange on a serving
  plate. Stir together vinegar and oil in sm bowl.  Add blue cheese and
  chives and mix well. Pour over hot asparagus. Season to taste with
  plenty of white pepper. Set aside until tepid, then serve.
  
  Hint on cleaning asparagus:  Hold the bottom end of the stem in one
  hand and gently bend the stalk with the other. The stalk will break
  where it is tender, thus giving you a piece of asparagus that is
  entirely edible. With a little practice you will know exactly where
  to break the vegetable. Save the broken-off ends for soups. Slice and
  add to soup stock, then drain and discard the coarse stalks before
  serving.
  
  By Jeff Smith   The Frugal Gourmet From the 10/02/1991 issue - The
  Springfield Union-News Recipe posted by: Dan Ceppa
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH BLUE CHEESE & WALNUT RELISH
 Categories: Appetizers, Cheese
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      6 oz Blue cheese; w/o rind & crum
      3 tb Walnuts; chopped
      3 tb Chopped green onions; (scall
      2 tb Chopped parsley
  1 1/2 ts Grated lemon zest
  2 1/2 lb Asparagus
           Salt
 
  Recipe by: "Marien, Stacey" <maris.ils@MHS.UNC.EDU> * such as
  Roquefort or Danish Blue ** including 2 inches of green stems
  
  Place blue cheese, walnuts, onions, parsley and lemon zest in a bowl
  and mix well.  (Blue cheese relish can be made 1 day ahead. Cover and
  refrigerate. Bring to room temperature 30 minutes before serving.) To
  prepare asparagus, cut off and discard tough, woody ends of stalks.
  Bring enough water to cover asparagus to boil in a large deep
  saucepan or skillet.  Lightly salt water and add the asparagus.
  Simmer until just tender, 3-5 minutes.  Remove asparagus and drain
  well. Taste and season with more salt if needed.
  
  To serve, arrange asparagus on heated platter or in a shallow serving
  bowl. Top with blue cheese relish. Serve hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH BLUE CHEESE - GGHOL
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus; cleaned
      2 ts Red wine vinegar
      2 tb Olive oil
      2 tb Chives; minced
      4 tb Blue cheese; crumbled
           White pepper; freshly ground
 
  Snap ends off asparagus spears.  Fill medium skillet with 1-inch
  water and bring to a boil.  Add asparagus in single layer and cook 8
  to 10 minutes or until tender. Drain well and arrange on a serving
  plate. Stir together vinegar and oil in sm bowl.  Add blue cheese and
  chives and mix well. Pour over hot asparagus. Season to taste with
  plenty of white pepper. Set aside until tepid, then serve.
  
  Hint on cleaning asparagus:  Hold the bottom end of the stem in one
  hand and gently bend the stalk with the other. The stalk will break
  where it is tender, thus giving you a piece of asparagus that is
  entirely edible. With a little practice you will know exactly where
  to break the vegetable. Save the broken-off ends for soups. Slice and
  add to soup stock, then drain and discard the coarse stalks before
  serving.
  
  By Jeff Smith   The Frugal Gourmet From the 10/02/1991 issue - The
  Springfield Union-News Recipe posted by: Dan Ceppa
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH CASHEWS
 Categories: Chinese, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Asparagus
      2 tb Olive oil
      2 ts Sesame oil
      1 tb Fresh ginger root; fine chop
    1/2 c  Roasted cashews;
           Coarsely chopped
      1 tb Soy sauce
 
  1. Cut off the tough lower stems of the asparagus and discard. Cut
  each stalk diagonally into 3 or 3 pieces. 2. Heat the oils together
  in a wok over high heat. Add the ginger and stir-fry for one minute.
  3. Add the asparagus and stir-fry until tender but still crisp...4 to
  5 minutes. 4 Stir in the cashews and soy sauce. Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH CITRUS CREAM SAUCE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Medium-size orange
      1    Large lime
      1 c  Unflavored nonfat yogurt
    1/8 ts White pepper
      2 lb Asparagus,tough ends trimmed
           Salt
 
  1. From colored surfaces of orange and lime, grate enough of the
  orange peel to make 1 teaspoon.
  2. From center of orange and lime, cut 1 or 2 thin crosswise slices
  apiece; wrap slices airtight and chill. Ream 3 tablespoons juice from
  orange, 1 tablespoon juice from lime. In a bowl, mix orange and lime
  peel, orange and lime juice, sour cream, and pepper. Makes 1 1/4
  cups. Serve, or, if made ahead, cover and chill up to a day.
  3. Bring 1 1/2 to 2 inches water to a boil in a 10-12" frying pan
  over high heat. Add asparagus and cook, uncovered, until stems are
  just tender to pierce, 5-7 minutes.
  4. Drain asparagus well, then place hot spears on a warm platter;
  garnish with reserved orange and lime slices. Offer flavored sour
  cream and salt to add to taste.
  
  ~ Roxanne E. Chan, Albany, California.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH EGG GARLIC & LEMON SAUCE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      5 tb Butter,unsalted
      1 tb Fresh garlic,minced
      2 lb Asparagus,prepared*
      1    Hard boiled egg,fine chopped
      3 tb Fresh lemon juice
           Salt
      1    Black pepper,freshly ground
      2 ts Fresh tarragon,fine chopped
 
  * - stems peeled and fiberous ends removed.
  
  1. Heat butter in saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and saute
  gently 1 minute; remove pan from heat. Reserve and keep warm.
  
  2. Place asparagus in saucepan over medium heat. Add enough water to
  cover, simmer 3-5 minutes or until just tender. Remove from saucepan,
  pat dry and transfer to serving platter. Keep warm.
  
  3. TO SERVE: Stir egg and lemon into reserved garlic butter. Pour over
  asparagus, season with salt and pepper and garnish with tarragon.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH EGG~ GARLIC & LEMON SAUCE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      5 tb Butter,unsalted
      1 tb Fresh garlic,minced
      2 lb Asparagus,prepared*
      1    Hard boiled egg,fine chopped
      3 tb Fresh lemon juice
           Salt
      1    Black pepper,freshly ground
      2 ts Fresh tarragon,fine chopped
 
  * - stems peeled and fiberous ends removed.
  
  1. Heat butter in saucepan over medium heat. Add garlic and saute
  gently 1 minute; remove pan from heat. Reserve and keep warm.
  
  2. Place asparagus in saucepan over medium heat. Add enough water to
  cover, simmer 3-5 minutes or until just tender. Remove from saucepan,
  pat dry and transfer to serving platter. Keep warm.
  
  3. TO SERVE: Stir egg and lemon into reserved garlic butter. Pour over
  asparagus, season with salt and pepper and garnish with tarragon.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH GINGER-ORANGE BUTTER
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Navel orange
      5 tb Unsalted butter, softened
      2 ts Minced fresh cilantro or
           -parsley
      1 ts Minced peeled fresh ginger
           -root
      2 lb Asparagus, trimmed
 
  1 Grate 2 tsp orange zest (colored part of peel); place in small bowl.
  Squeeze juice. To orange zest, add butter, l Tbs.orange juice,
  cilantro, ginger and l/4 tsp each salt and pepper. With portable
  mixer, beat to blend. Place on plastic wrap; roll up to form 3-in.
  log, twisting ends. Freeze 30 minutes, or refrigerate overnight.
  
  2. After butter mixture has set, cook asparagus: Peel bottom third of
  asparagus spears with vegetable peeler. In large, deep skillet,
  combine 2 cups water, remaining orange juice, ~ /2 tsp salt and the
  asparagus; heat to boiling. Reduce heat; simmer, partially covered, 4
  minutes or until tender. Drain; place on platter Remove butter from
  freezer; unwrap. Slice into 1/4-in. rounds; place on hot asparagus.
  
  Makes 6 servings.
  
  Per serving: 120 calories, 5 g protein, 6 g carbohydrate, 10 g 6t, 26
  mg cholesterol, 271 mg sodium.
  
  From the files of Al Rice, North Pole Alaska.    Feb 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH HAZELNUT BUTTER
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Cooked Asparagus
      1 oz Finely Ground Hazelnuts
      2 tb Butter
      2 ts Cider Vinegar
           Salt And Pepper To Taste
 
  Wash asparagus under cold running water.  Snap off lower end of each
  stalk with your fingers.  Let the stalk break where it wants to, this
  will leave only the tender portion of the stalk. Young tender
  asparagus can be cooked in a steamer for 5-7 minutes, the more mature
  stalks for 7-10 minutes. Do not over cook asparagus, it will lose
  flavor and nutrients if over cooked. At the same time, place the
  hazelnuts and butter in a small heavy skillet. Heat until the butter
  melts and mix thoroughly. Remove from heat and stir in vinegar.
  Season with salt and pepper to taste. Pour hazelnut butter over hot
  asparagus. Serve at once. From: Syd's Cookbook.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH HAZELNUTS & TARRAGON VINAIGRET
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables, Side dish, Appetizers
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Fresh asparagus, trimmed
    1/4 c  Minced shallots
      3 tb Tarragon-white wine vinegar
      4 ts Chopped fresh tarragon OR
  1 1/4 ts Dried tarragon
      1 ts Dijon mustard
      7 tb Hazelnut oil, walnut oil
           -or olive oil
      4 c  Baby lettuces or inner
           -leaves of curly endive
    1/4 c  Hazelnuts, toasted, husked,
           -coarsely chopped
 
  Pour water into large pot to depth of 1 inch and bring to boil. Place
  asparagus on steamer rack set over water in pot. Cover pot and steam
  until asparagus is cresp-tender, about 4 minutes. Transfer asparagus
  to bowl of ice water and cool.  Drain.  Place asparagus on paper
  towls. (Can be prepared 6 hours ahead. Cover and refrigerate.)
  
  Combine shallots, vinegar, tarragon and mustard in bowl. Gradually
  whisk in oil.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.
  
  Place baby lettuces on large platter.  Arrange asparagus atop
  lettuces. Drizzle with vinaigrette. Sprinkle with hazelnuts.
  
  From The Loire Valley Bon Appetit/May 94 Typed by Didi Pahl
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH HOT BACON DRESSING
 Categories: Low-cal, Cyberealm, Vegetables, Mom's best
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 md Slices of bacon, finely
           -chopped
    1/2 md Onion, finely chopped
    1/4 c  Vinegar
    1/4 c  Water
    1/4 ts Salt
           Sugar substitute to equal
           2 tsp sugar
      1 cn Asparagus, heated
 
  1.  Brown bacon on cookie sheet in oven until crisp. Drain VERY well.
  
  2.  Spray skillet with non stick spray. Saute onion, and cook until
  tender. Add bacon, and toss lightly. Add vinegar, water, and salt.
  Bring to boil; remove from heat.
  
  3.  Add sugar substitute. Pour dressing over hot asparagus and serve.
  
  Source:  Joan Johnson, The Great Escape, Gardena, California 1993
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH LEMON GRASS & SHALLOT VINAIGRE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Asparagus stalks
    1/3 c  Olive oil
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
  3 1/2 tb Red wine vinegar
           Salt
           Pepper
      1 tb Mustard, Dijon
      2 tb Shallots; minced
      1 tb Lemon grass; minced
 
  Peel the asparagus if necessary and cook the stalks in lightly salted
  water for 4 to 8 minutes, depending on the thickness, or until fork
  tender but still firm. Drain under cold water and set the stalks
  aside in serving dish. Combine the remaining ingredients and whisk
  them vigorously. Taste for seasoning and add more vinegar or salt and
  pepper if needed. Pour the dressing over the asparagus and let it
  rest for at least 15 minutes before serving. Serve at room
  temperature.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH MUSHROOMS & FRESH CORIANDER
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Fresh asparagus
      2 tb Butter
    1/2 lb Mushrooms, sliced (2 cups)
      2 tb Chopped shallots
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 ea Freshly ground black pepper
      4 tb Chopped, fresh coriander
 
  Trim off tough part of asparagus stalk, about 2 to 3 inches from
  bottom. Use a vegetable peeler to scrap asgaragus to about 1 inch
  from top. Cut asparagus on diagonal into 1 inch pieces. Melt butter
  in a non stick frying pan.  Add mushrooms and cook over high heat,
  tossing and shaking, until mushrooms are lightly browned. Add
  asparagus. Cook, stirring and tossing for about 1 minute.  Add
  shallots, salt and pepper. Sprinkle with coriander.  Cook for 30
  seconds.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH MUSHROOMS & FRESH CORIANDER
 Categories: Diabetic, Vegetables, Side dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Fresh Asparagus;
      2 tb Butter; (yea! right!)
           -=OR=-
      2 tb Margarine;
    1/2 lb Mushrooms; sliced (2 cups)
      2 tb Shallots;
    1/2 ts Salt;
      1    Freshly ground black pepper;
      4 tb Fresh coriander; chopped
 
  Trim off tough part of asparagus stalk, about 2 to 3 inches from
  bottom. Use a vegetable peeler to scrap asgaragus to about 1 inch
  from top. Cut asparagus on diagonal into 1 inch pieces. Melt butter
  in a non stick frying pan.  Add mushrooms and cook over high heat,
  tossing and shaking, until mushrooms are lightly browned. Add
  asparagus. Cook, stirring and tossing for about 1 minute. Add
  shallots, salt and pepper. Sprinkle with coriander. Cook for 30
  seconds. Food Exchange per serving: 1 VEGETABLE EXCHANGE + 1 FAT
  EXCHANGE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH ORANGE DIPPING SAUCE (DISNEY)
 Categories: Vegetable
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus
    1/2 ts Salt
           SAUCE:
      2 tb Orange juice
      1 ts Orange rind -- finely
           Grated
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      1 ts Sesame oil
           Salt and pepper -- to taste
 
  Find a saucepan that's wide enough to hold the asparagus spears
  lengthwise and set it over medium-high heat. Fill about three
  quarters with water, add the salt and bring to a boil. Plunge the
  spears into the boiling water, return to a boil and cook until the
  spears are just tender when pierced with a fork, about 2 to minutes
  depending on their thicknes (do not overcook). Rinse under cold
  running water to stop the cooking, then drain on a clean kitchen
  towel. To prepare the sauce, whisk together the orange juice, orange
  rind, olive oil sesame oil, and coarse salt and pepper until well
  blended. Arrange the asparagus on a large serving platter with
  dipping sauce on the side. Serve warm or cold.
  
  ~ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -20
  
  NOTES : Reviewed in "Vegetables your kids will eat," Family Fun
  Magazine, May 1996 Recipe By
  : Deanna Cook, 1996. Disney's Family Cookbook
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH OYSTER SAUCE
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Fresh asparagus; 6 or 7 spea
           Fresh or frozen oysters; all
      2 tb Dry white wine
      2    Egg yolks
     20    Butter
           Salt, pepper, cayenne
 
  Recipe by: ianst@qdpii.ind.dpi.qld.gov.au (Ian Staples) Another recipe
  courtesy of John Morris, butcher and caterer in Rockhampton,
  Queensland, Australia, as discussed on ABC [Australian Broadcasting
  Corp.] Radio on Sunday 13 March 1994 in the "Queensland Sunday"
  programme.
  
  John opened the discussion by stating that this is NOT a Lenten meal
  ;-) (He recommended it for breakfast in bed on Sunday mornings in
  fact.)
  
  Allow 6 or 7 spears per person.  Not too thin and not too old.
  
  Trim bottom 1" of the asparagus spears and peel the lower part if
  necessary (shouldn't be required if you've selected the bunches
  correctly and trimmed off the bottoms) then poach them gently - get
  about 1" of water boiling in
  
  Cut the oysters into thin strips rather than serving them as lumps.
  
  Reserve the juice from the oyster shells - should get about 2
  tablespoon fr Mix this with the dry white wine and reduce over heat
  by about 2/3rds (i.e. you'll have about 1 1/2 tablespoon left).
  
  Add this liquor and about 4 tablespoon of the poaching water slowly
  to the and whisk them over very low heat until light and frothy
  (note: do not have the liquor or the other fluid too hot when adding
  to the eggs - you don't want to curdle them).
  
  Add seasoning.  Then draw the sauce together by adding 20 gram of
  *cold* di butter and stirring it in gently. Add the oyster strips and
  fold through.
  
  Lay the freshly cooked asparagus spears on the serving plates and
  pour the oyster sauce over them (fairly now ;-).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH RED PEPPER SAUCE
 Categories: Diabetic, Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus Stalks;
      3 lg Large Red Peppers
  3 1/2 tb Olive Oil
      1 tb Balsamic Vinegar
           (you might want to try
           Rice vingegar)
    1/2 ts Fresh Thyme Leaves
           Salt & Pepper
 
  Peel the asparagus if necessary and cook the stalks in lightly salted
  water for 4 to 8 minutes, depending on thickness, or until fork
  tender but stiil firm. Drain under cold water and set the stalks
  aside. Broil the peppers on all sides until lightly scorched. Place
  the cooked peppers in a paper bag for 10 minutes. Remove the peppers
  and peel off the skin. Cut open the peppers and remove the stem,
  seeds and white flesh. Puree the peppers in the food processor. Mix
  in the olive oil, Balsamic Vinegar and thyme. Taste for seasoning and
  add salt and pepper if desired. Place equal amount of the puree on 4
  serving dishes. Top with equal amounts of asparagus. Food Exchange
  per serving: 1 VEGETABLE EXCHANGE + 1 FAT EXCHANGE (I would cut back
  even more on the fat, only using what is neccesary...)
  
  Reposted 4 you and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH RICE
 Categories: Vegetables, Rice
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  2 1/4 lb Asparagus
      1    Onion
    1/4 c  Butter
  1 1/4 c  Arborio rice
    1/2 c  Dry white wine
      1    Bouillon cube
    1/2 ts Meat extract
           Salt
           Freshly ground pepper
           Grated Parmesan cheese
      1 tb Butter
 
  Contributed to the echo by: Vincent Mcguire Asparagus with Rice
  
  Soak and rinse the asparagus. Cut off the tips and put aside. Boil the
  stalks in lightly salted water. When tender, press the stalks through
  a sieve and return the pulp to the cooking water. Keep hot. Finely
  chop the onioin. Melt the butter in a saucepan and gently fry the
  onion and the asperagus tips for a few minutes. Add the rice, mixing
  and turning with a wooden spoon until the grains are coated in the
  fat. Pour the wine over the rice, raise the heat and boil briskly
  until the wine has evaporated. Dilute the bouillon cube and the meat
  extract in the hot asperagus water. Add a little of the liquid to the
  rice, lower the heat, stir and add more liquid as it reduces, until
  the rice is al dente. Adjust the seasoning if necessary, glaze the
  rice with 1 tbsp butter and add the grated cheese. Stir well and
  serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH ROASTED  RED PEPPERS
 Categories: Vegetarian, Side dish, Inet
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Asparagus
      1 md Red pepper
      1 ts Freshly minced garlic
      1 ts Balsamic vinegar
           -Salt
           -Pepper
 
   Remove hard bottom stem of asparagus and slice rest of stalk into
  approximately 1-inch pieces.  Blanch asparagus and put into-cold
  water to stop it from cooking further. Drain and set aside.
  
   Roast red pepper in 500 [degrees] oven for 20-30 minutes, turning
  occasionally.  When skin has darkened and blistered, remove pepper
  from oven.  Transfer to bowl and cover with aluminum foil. Let cool
  30 minutes, then peel off skin and seed pepper.  Slice into julienne
  strips and toss 1/2 cup roasted pepper with garlic and vinegar. Let
  marinate a few minutes, then toss peppers with asparagus.  Add salt
  and pepper to taste and serve.
  
   Per serving (1/2 cup):
  
   Calories: 16 Cholesterol: 0 mg Total fat: 0.2 gm Saturated fat: trace
  
   Posted to Fatfree Digest, Jan. 6, 1994/MM by DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH SHALLOTS
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Asparagus
      1 ds Salt
      3 ts Fragrant peanut oil or olive
      2    Shallots, peeled and minced
      1 ds Finely chopped parsley
 
      Snap off tough ends of asparagus.  If asparagus is thick, old or
  tough, peel bottoms.  Add asparagus to pan of boiling salted water.
  Boil gently until cooked--bright green and tender--but still firm,
  about 5 to 8 minutes.  Remove; drain on towel; put on platter and
  drizzle with oil, lifting spears to coat.
   Sprinkle with shallots and parsley.  Salt slightly.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH STRAWBERRY VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Fruits, Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  2 1/2 lb Asparagus
      2 c  Hulled strawberries
    1/4 c  Strawberry vinegar

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
      1 tb Walnut oil
    1/2 c  Peanut oil
  1 1/2 ts Honey
 
  Trim asparagus and cut each stalk in thirds.  Steam until tender but
  still crisp.  (Thin young stalks took 5 minutes.) Plunge in ice
  water; drain.
  
  Wash strawberries, then hull.  Cut strawberries in half; combine with
  asparagus.
  
  Combine dressing ingredients; toss asparagus and strawberries gently
  with dressing. Chill well before serving.
  
  The authors write: "What could be simpler - or more delicious - than
  spring's first asparagus combined with spring's first strawberries?"
  
  My notes: Good, and simple.
  
  Tried 02/22/92.  From _The New Carry-Out Cuisine_ by Phyllis Meras
  with Linda Glick Conway.  Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company, 1986. Pg.
  252. From Movable Feast restaurant/5504 Connecticut Ave.,
  N.W./Washington, D.C. 20015.  (202)966-1657.  Typed for you by Cathy
  Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH TOASTED PINE NUTS & LEMON VI
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-cal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus, fresh spears
      3 tb Pine nuts
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      1 tb Lemon juice, fresh
      1    Clove garlic, crushed
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Basil, dried whole
    1/2 ts Oregano, dried whole
           Pepper, freshly ground
 
  Snap off tough ends of asparagus. Remove scales from stalks with
  knife or vegetable peeler, if desired. Place spears in a steaming
  rack over boiling water; cover and steam 4-5 minutes or until spears
  are crisp-tender. Transfer to a serving platter. Sautee pine nuts in
  a small skillet over medium heat 2-3 minutes, until browned. Set
  aside. Combine olive oil and remaining ingredients in a medium
  saucepan; stir with a wire whisk to blend. Cook over medium heat 2-3
  minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring constantly. Pour over
  asparagus. Sprinkle with pine nuts. Let stand to room temperature
  before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH TOASTED PINE NUTS & LEMON VINA
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-cal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus, fresh spears
      3 tb Pine nuts
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      1 tb Lemon juice, fresh
      1    Clove garlic, crushed
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Basil, dried whole
    1/2 ts Oregano, dried whole
           Pepper, freshly ground
 
  Snap off tough ends of asparagus. Remove scales from stalks with
  knife or vegetable peeler, if desired. Place spears in a steaming
  rack over boiling water; cover and steam 4-5 minutes or until spears
  are crisp-tender. Transfer to a serving platter. Sautee pine nuts in
  a small skillet over medium heat 2-3 minutes, until browned. Set
  aside. Combine olive oil and remaining ingredients in a medium
  saucepan; stir with a wire whisk to blend. Cook over medium heat 2-3
  minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring constantly. Pour over
  asparagus. Sprinkle with pine nuts. Let stand to room temperature
  before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH TOASTED PINE NUTS & LEMON VINA
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-fat
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus, fresh spears
      3 tb Pine nuts
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      1 tb Lemon juice, fresh
      1    Clove garlic, crushed
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Basil, dried whole
    1/2 ts Oregano, dried whole
           Pepper, freshly ground
 
  Snap off tough ends of asparagus. Remove scales from stalks with
  knife or vegetable peeler, if desired. Place spears in a steaming
  rack over boiling water; cover and steam 4-5 minutes or until spears
  are crisp-tender. Transfer to a serving platter. Sautee pine nuts in
  a small skillet over medium heat 2-3 minutes, until browned. Set
  aside. Combine olive oil and remaining ingredients in a medium
  saucepan; stir with a wire whisk to blend. Cook over medium heat 2-3
  minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring constantly. Pour over
  asparagus. Sprinkle with pine nuts. Let stand to room temperature
  before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH TOASTED PINE NUTS & LEMON VINAI
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-cal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus, fresh spears
      3 tb Pine nuts
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      1 tb Lemon juice, fresh
      1    Clove garlic, crushed
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Basil, dried whole
    1/2 ts Oregano, dried whole
           Pepper, freshly ground
 
  Snap off tough ends of asparagus. Remove scales from stalks with
  knife or vegetable peeler, if desired. Place spears in a steaming
  rack over boiling water; cover and steam 4-5 minutes or until spears
  are crisp-tender. Transfer to a serving platter. Sautee pine nuts in
  a small skillet over medium heat 2-3 minutes, until browned. Set
  aside. Combine olive oil and remaining ingredients in a medium
  saucepan; stir with a wire whisk to blend. Cook over medium heat 2-3
  minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring constantly. Pour over
  asparagus. Sprinkle with pine nuts. Let stand to room temperature
  before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WITH TOASTED PINE NUTS & LEMON VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-fat
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus, fresh spears
      3 tb Pine nuts
    1/4 c  Olive oil
      1 tb Lemon juice, fresh
      1    Clove garlic, crushed
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Basil, dried whole
    1/2 ts Oregano, dried whole
           Pepper, freshly ground
 
  Snap off tough ends of asparagus. Remove scales from stalks with
  knife or vegetable peeler, if desired. Place spears in a steaming
  rack over boiling water; cover and steam 4-5 minutes or until spears
  are crisp-tender. Transfer to a serving platter. Sautee pine nuts in
  a small skillet over medium heat 2-3 minutes, until browned. Set
  aside. Combine olive oil and remaining ingredients in a medium
  saucepan; stir with a wire whisk to blend. Cook over medium heat 2-3
  minutes or until thoroughly heated, stirring constantly. Pour over
  asparagus. Sprinkle with pine nuts. Let stand to room temperature
  before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WON TONS
 Categories: Vegetables, Low-cal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           Oil for deep frying
      1    Envelope veg soup mix
      1 c  Asparagus, finely chopped
    1/4 c  Water chestnut, finely chopd
     20    Won Ton wrappers (3" sq)
           Soy sauce, (optional)
 
  in uncovered electric skillet, heat 3/4 inch of oil to 360 degrees.
  Meanwhile, in medium bowl combine 1 envelope Instant Spring Vegetable
  Soup Mix, asparagus, and water chestnuts. Place 2 teaspoons of the
  mixture on the center of each Won Ton wrapper. Moisten corners with
  water, fold wrappers in half to form a triangle, and press edges to
  seal. Form Won Ton by bringing together two opposite points and
  overlapping; moisten overlapping points and press to seal well. Fry
  in hot oil until golden brown; drain. Serve, if desired, with soy
  sauce.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS WRAP
 Categories: Appetizers, Diabetic, Microwave, Meats
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
     10    Asparagus Spears
      2 tb Dijon Mustard
      1 tb Reduced-Calorie Mayonnaise
     10 sl Bologna (large)
 
  Trim the bottom end of the asparagus and blanch with boiling water.
  
  Blend the mustard and mayonnaise in a small bowl. Divide and spread
  the mustard mixture evenly on the large bologna slices. Wrap one
  asparagus spear in each bologna slice. Place the slices in a single
  layer on a round microwave platter or plate.  Cover lightly with
  paper towels.
  
  With the microwave on MEDIUM, cook for 1 minute or until hot; rotate
  the plate one-half turn after 30 seconds.
  
  One Serving: Calories: 86 Carbohydrates: 2
  
   Exchange: 1 high-fat meat
  
  Source: Diabetic Microwave Cookbook, by Mary Jane Finsand
         Sterling Publishing (1989), ISBN 0-8069-6957-1,
         ISBN 0-8069-6960-1 (pbk.)
  
  Shared by:  Norman R. Brown
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS-AND-EMMENTHALER TART
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetables, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus (preferably white)
      2 qt :boiling water mixed with
      4 ts Salt
      1    (9-in) unbaked pie shell
      3 oz Well aged Emmenthaler cheese
           -coarsely grated
    3/4 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Whipping cream
      2 md Eggs; lightly beaten
    1/4 c  Freshly grated Parmesan
      1 tb Kirschwasser
      1 ts Salt
      2 tb Finely snipped fresh dill OR
    1/2 ts -Dill weed
    1/4 ts Ground mace
    1/4 ts Freshly ground black pepper
 
  Emmenthaler is a dry, aged cheese that accents the flavor of
  asparagus. Serve as the main course of a light lunch or supper.
  
  PREHEAT OVEN TO 350F. Snap coarse ends off asparagus stalks leaving
  spears about 3 1/2-inches long. (Save the trimmed-off ends to use for
  soup.) Peel the asparagus spears using a swivel-bladed vegetable
  peeler, lay them flat in a large heavy skillet, pour in boiling
  salted water and set over moderate heat. Cover and cook asparagus for
  about 10 minutes, until very tender. Drain well, return to the
  skillet and shake over moderate heat for 30 seconds or so to
  dissipate any excess moisture. Arrange the asparagus spears like the
  spokes of a wheel over the bottom of the pie crust, with their tips
  pointing toward the center. Combine the milk, cream, eggs, Parmesan
  cheese, Kirschwasser, salt, dill, mace and pepper, and pour the
  liquid evenly over the asparagus. Bake the tart, uncovered, for 35
  minutes, or until the filling has set. Remove the tart from the oven
  and cool it for at least 20 minutes before cutting.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS-CHEESE CASSEROLE
 Categories: Cheese/eggs, Casseroles, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 tb Unsalted butter
      1 ts Unsalted butter
      3 tb Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Freshly ground black pepper
    1/4 ts Ground mace
      1 c  Milk
    1/2 c  Whipping cream
 10 1/2 oz Frozen asparagus spears
           -cooked according to the
           -  package directions
           -     and drained well.
      2 lg Eggs, hard-cooked
           - peeled & coarsely chopped
    3/4 c  Grated sharp Cheddar cheese
    1/2 c  Minced blanched almonds
      1 c  Soft white bread crumbs
    1/4 c  Freshly grated Parmesan
 
  PREHEAT OVEN TO 350F. In a medium saucepan set over moderate heat,
  melt the butter. Spoon 4 teaspoons of the melted butter into a bowl.
  Set aside. Blend the flour, salt, pepper and mace into the rest of
  the butter and let it sit over low heat for 1-to-2 minutes. Add the
  milk and cream and cook the sauce, stirring constantly for about 3
  minutes, until it has become thick and smooth. In a well-buttered,
  2-quart casserole, alternate layers of the asparagus, eggs, Cheddar
  cheese and almonds. Pour the cream sauce over the layers. Combine the
  reserved butter, bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese and scatter the
  topping over the layers. Combine the reserved butter, bread crumbs
  and Parmesan cheese and scatter the topping over the surface of the
  casserole. Bake the uncovered casserole for about 30 minutes, or
  until the sauce is bubbly and the topping is tipped with brown.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS-EGG CASSEROLE
 Categories: Vegetables, Casseroles, Eggs
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Celery; chopped
    1/4 c  Butter
    1/4 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
      1 ds Pepper
  1 3/4 c  Milk
      1 ts Chicken bouillon granules
      4 oz Mushrooms, chopped; drained
     16 oz Asparagus, frozen cut
      3    Egg; hard-cooked, sliced
    1/2 c  Ritz crackers; crushed (12)
 
  In saucepan cook celery in butter; blend in flour, salt, mustard and
  pepper.  Add milk and bouillon granules. Cook and stir till thickened
  and bubbly. Stir in mushrooms; set aside. Cook the frozen asparagus
  according to package directions; drain thoroughly.
  
  Reserve 1/2 cup asparagus and 1 egg for garnish.  In a 10"x6"x2"
  baking dish arrange remaining asparagus and egg slices. Pour sauce
  over all. Bake, covered, at 375F for 15 minutes. Arrange reserved
  asparagus and sliced egg atop casserole; sprinkle with crushed
  crackers. Bake, uncovered, 10 minutes longer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS-HAM CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casseroles, Meats
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 sl Ham
      1 pk Asparagus, frozen
      1 cn Cream of celery soup
      2 tb Milk
 
  Wrap ham around 3 or 4 asparagus spears.  Fasten with toothpick.
  Arrange in a shallow baking dish.  Combine soup, milk then pour over
  ham. Bake for 20 minutes at 400 degrees or until done. Randy Rigg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS-POTATO SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Asparagus; trimmed,
           -and cut into 1-in lengths
      1 lg Baking potato; peeled and
           - cut into 1/2-in cubes
      1 md Yellow onion, peeled
           -and cut into slim wedges
  3 1/2 c  Chicken broth
    1/4 ts Ground mace
    1/8 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Freshly ground pepper
      6 tb Freshly grated Parmesan
 
  PLACE ALL THE INGREDIENTS except cheese in a large saucepan. Bring the
  liquid to a simmer over moderate heat, then adjust the heat so that it
  bubbles gently. Cover the pot and simmer the broth for 30 to 35
  minutes, until the vegetables are very tender. Cool the broth, still
  covered, for 20 minutes. Puree the broth and the vegetables in
  batches, in a blender or in a food processor fitted with the metal
  chopping blade. Return the puree to the saucepan, set it over
  moderate heat and bring the soup just to serving temperature. Ladle
  the soup into heated bowls and top each portion with 1 tablespoon of
  the Parmesan cheese.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS-STUFFED FLOUNDER
 Categories: Seafood, Main dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           *INGREDIENTS*
    1/2 c  Onion, chopped
      3 ts Butter or margarine, divided
      6    Flounder or sole fillets (4
           -to 6 oz each)
     18    Asparagus spears
      2 ts Flour
      1 c  Milk, skim or low-fat
    1/2 c  Sharp Cheddar cheese,
           -shredded
           Salt to taste, if desired
    1/8 ts Freshly ground black pepper
           Cayenne
           Nutmeg
 
  Steam the asparagus until tender-crisp, about 5 minutes.  Saute the
  onion until tender in 1 teaspoon of the butter in a non-stick
  skillet. Sprinkle the onion evenly over the fillets.     Lay 3
  asparagus spears crosswise on each fillet and roll the fillet around
  them. Secure with skewers or toothpicks and arrange them in a single
  layer in a greased shallow baking dish.     Melt the remaining 2
  teaspoons of butter in a small saucepan. Stir in the flour and cook
  the roux, stirring, for a minute. Gradually add the milk and continue
  cooking the sauce, stirring, until it begins to thicken.  Stir in the
  cheese, salt, black pepper, and a dash or two of cayenne.  Pour the
  sauce over the fish rolls and sprinkle them with a little nutmeg.
  Bake the fish rolls in a preheated 350 F oven for about 20 minutes.
  Makes 6 servings.
  
  *** Recipe Via Compu-Chef (tm) ***
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPARAGUS~ LEEK~ & POTATO SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           LIZ JONES   (VXRF36B)

MMMMM-----------------------PARSLEY BUTTER----------------------------
    1/3 c  Parsley; fresh minced
      3 tb Butter, unsalted; softened
    1/8 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Pepper

MMMMM----------------------------SOUP---------------------------------
    1/4 c  Butter, unsalted
      3    Leeks, large; chopped *
    1/2 ts Dried thyme; crumbled
      1    Bay leaf
      6 c  Chicken stock/canned broth
  1 1/2 lb Potatoes, red new; quartered
      1 lb Asparagus;trimmed,1"diagonal
 
  * Leeks: Use the white part and only 1 inch of the green part.
  
  Parsley butter: Mix the first 4 ingredients in small bowl. (Can be
  prepared 2 days ahead.  Cover and refrigerate. Bring to room
  temperature before using).
  
  Melt 1/4 cup unsalted butter in heavy large saucepan over low heat.
  Add leeks, thyme and bay leaf.  Cover and cook until leeks are soft,
  stirring occasionally, about 10 minutes. Mix in stock and potatoes.
  Bring to boil. Reduce heat, cover and simmer until potatoes are
  tender, about 12 minutes. Add asparagus and simmer until
  crisp-tender, about 3 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Season to taste with
  salt and pepper. Ladle soup into bowls. Top each with dollop of
  parsley butter and serve.
  
  This sounded very good, but my husband likes cream soups, so I added
  a FL sweet onion to the potato mixture and pureed all before I added
  the asparagus to the creamy soup. Adapted from Bon Appetit, April
  1991.
  
  From the MM database of Judi M. Phelps. jphelps@shell.portal.com or
  jphelps@best.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASPERGES A LA VINAIGRETTE (ASPARAGUS VINAIGRE
 Categories: French, Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
        1 bn fresh asparagus -- steaned
  :          or boiled
        1    bottle good quality salad
  :          -oil or olive oil
        1    bottle wine vinegar, red,
  :          -white or champagne
  :          salt and freshly ground
  :          pepper
  
  Place asparagus on a platter and let cool to room temperature.
  
  Pass the oil, vinegar, salt and pepper around the table. Pour some oil
  (about 2 T) and some vinegar (about 1 t) onto each plate. (Place a
  fork underneath the top of your plate, tilting the plate gently
  toward you, and pour the vinaigrette into the bottom of each plate.)
  Sprinkle with salt and pepper.
  
  Serve the asparagus.  Pick up a piece of asparagus from the platter
  with your hands and stir the vinaigrette with it a little before
  popping the tip in your mouth. Continue stirring and eating until you
  get to the tougher bottom part of the stem.  Start over with a new
  piece, adding more oil and vinegar as needed. Pass finger bowls or
  damp towels after this entree!
  
  As written by the author, Kate Ratliffe.
  
  Shared by Sherilyn Schamber
  
  Recipe By     : A Culinary Journey in Gascony
  
  From: Sherilyn Schamber <sherschm@concedate: Wed, 09 Oct 1996 15:42:48
  ~0700
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASS KICKIN' BEER BARBECUE SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Barbecue
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter; 1 stick
      1    Onion; finely chopped
      1    Garlic Clove; finely chopped
      3 tb Vinegar
      1 c  Chili Sauce; Heinz
      1 c  Water
      2 tb Brown Sugar
      2 tb Worcestershire Sauce
    1/2 tb Mustard
    1/2    Lemon; juice
      1 cn Beer; cooks choice
           Pepper
      2 tb Tabasco Sauce
      1    Chopped Habanero Pepper
 
       In a large saucepan, saute onion and garlic in butter. When the
  onions are transparent add the remainder of ingredients. Bring to a
  boil. Simmer until your grill is ready, about 10 to 15 minutes or
  until you can't stand the wonderful smell of the sauce any longer.
  Now let me tell you, this is what I call barbecue sauce. (The
  habanero may be left out if you're a wimp.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASSAM SPICY SHRIMP
 Categories: Fish, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 x  ---------marinating---------
  1 1/2 c  Water
      2 lb Headless shrimp
      1 tb Oyster sauce
    1/2 ts Hot chili sauce
      6 oz Tamarind
      1 x  ----------cooking-----------
      3 oz Young ginger root
      4 ea Large garlic cloves
      1 ts Blachan
      2 ea Small red onions
      3 tb Oyster sauce
      1 tb Dark soya sauce
      1 tb Hot chili sauce
      3 tb Oil
    1/4 c  Packed brown sugar
 
  MARINATING:  Break tamarind apart, place in a small saucepan with
  water. Simmer, covered, for about 10 minutes or until pasty coating
  separates from seeds. Press through a sieve or food mill to extract
  all pulp and soupy liquid.  Discard seeds.  Rinse shrimps thoroughly,
  pat dry and marinate fro 1 hour with 1 tablespoon of this tamarind
  liquid, the oyster sauce and hot chili sauce. COOKING:  Meanwhile,
  cut young ginger into toothpick-sized slivers.  If using mature
  ginger, peel and sliver. Peel and sliver garlic. Place blachan in a
  non-stick pan and heat gently fro 3 to 4 minutes to develop the
  flavors.  Pell and cut red onions into wedges. Combine oyster, soy
  and chili sauces with blachan; stir into remaining tamarind liquid.
  Heat a large wok over high heat.  When a drop of water sizzles
  immediately into steam pour in 2 tablespoons of the oil. Swirl up
  sides of wok, and when just at smoking point, dump in ginger and
  garlic. Stir fry until golden, about 3 to 4 minutes.  Adding more oil
  as needed, stir frey shrimp in batches until orange red, about 3
  minutes. Pour sauces over all the shrimp in the wok and cook at a
  brisk bubble over high heat until shrimps are aromatic and sauces
  have reduced and thickened to enrobe the shells, about 8 minutes. Mix
  in sugar and onion wedges, taste to adjust seasoning, sweetening and
  spiciness.  Makes plenty for 6 as a principal dish with rice, enough
  for
        8    with other dishes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASSORTED SIZZLING RICE SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Rice
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 oz BABY SHRIMP
      3 oz BONELESS CHICKEN, DICED
      1 ea EGG
      4 tb CORNSTARCH
      4 c  COOKING OIL
      3 c  CHICKEN BROTH
      1 oz MUSHROOMS
      2 tb DICED WATER CHESTNUTS
      2 tb DICED BAMBOO SHOOTS
    1/3 c  GREEN BEANS, TRIMMED, CUT IN
    1/2 ts SALT
      1 tb SHERRY
      2 oz SIZZLING RICE, UNCOOKED
 
       1. Mix together the shrimp, chicken, egg, and cornstarch. Heat 3
       cups of the oil in wok. When it is hot, add shrimp and chicken
       mixture. Cook for 1/2 minute and drain.
       2. Place above mixture in pot with the broth, mushroom, water
       chestnuts, bamboo shoots, and green beans. Bring to a boil. Add
       salt and sherry. Return to a boil. Reduce heat and allow to
       simmer.
       3. Meanwhile, heat the remaining oil until it is hot. Add rice
       and brown quickly. Drain and add to soup. Serve. By cooking the
       rice before it is added to the soup, we add a crunchy texture to
       this savory dish.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASSORTED VEGETABLES (NAMOOL)
 Categories: Side dish, Korean, Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 bn Spinach
      9 oz Daikon radish, peeled
           -- & thinly julienned
      2 oz Carrot, peeled
           -- & thinly julienned
    1/4 ts Salt
 10 1/2 oz Soybean sprouts
      7 oz Fiddlehead, cooked
      1 tb Sesame oil
      1 ts Ground sesame seeds
           Salt

MMMMM---------------------SPINACH SEASONINGS--------------------------
      1 tb Minced green onion
      1 tb Sesame oil
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Ground sesame seeds

MMMMM------------------DAIKON/CARROT SEASONINGS-----------------------
      1 tb Vinegar
      2 ts Sugar
      2 ts Ground sesame seeds
      1 ts Crushed garlic
      1 ts Minced green onion
    1/4 ts Ground chili pepper

MMMMM-------------------BEANSPROUT SEASONINGS------------------------
      1 tb Sesame oil
      2 ts Minced green onion
  1 1/2 ts Ground sesame seeds
      1 ts Crushed garlic
    1/2 ts Salt

MMMMM-------------------FIDDLEHEAD SEASONINGS------------------------
      1 ts Crushed garlic
      2 tb Soy sauce
      1 tb Minced green onion
      2 ts Sake
      2 ts Mirin
 
  Wash spinach well and cook in boiling salted water to wilt. Blanch in
  cold water.  Drain, and squeeze out excess water. Cut spinach into
  1-1/2 inch lengths. Add Spinach Seasonings and mix well. Place daikon
  and carrot in a bowl and sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Let stand
  10 minutes, then lightly squeeze out water. Add daikon/carrot
  seasonings and mix well. Discard roots of soybean sprouts.  Wash and
  place sprouts into a pan with enough water to cover and a pinch of
  salt. Cover and cook over medium heat for 10 minutes. Drain well and
  cool. Mix in beansprout seasonings. Drain fiddlehead.  Stir fry in 1
  tablespoon sesame oil. Add beansprout seasonings to taste. Cook down
  and sprinkle with ground sesame seeds. Arrange cool vegetables in
  separate sections on serving dish, or present in individual bowls.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASSORTED VEGETABLES IN A CLEAR SAUCE
 Categories: Chinese, Seafood
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 md Turnips
      2 sm Carrots
      4    Green onions
      3    Fresh asparagus spears
    1/2 c  Button mushrooms
    1/2 c  Peeled straw mushrooms
      8    Baby sweet corn
      8    Water chestnuts
    1/2 ts Fresh ginger root
      1 tb Tientsin preserved
           Vegetable
      2 tb Peanut oil
      2 c  Chicken stock
      1 ts Salt
      1 pn Sugar
           Cornstarch paste
      1 tb Chicken fat
    1/2 c  Crab meat or shelled
           Shrimp (opt)
 
  Preparation:  Peel turnips & carrots. Use melon scoop to cut turnips
  into large balls.  Slice carrots 1/2" thick; then with paring knife,
  cut 4 evenly spaced notches into rim of each slice (don't cut into
  center core). Carrots should look like little flowers. Parboil turnip
  & carrots in stock until barely tender. Remove from stock & plunge
  pieces into cold water; drain. Cut onions, asparagus & baby corn into
  1 1/2" pieces. Mince together fresh ginger root & Tientsin preserved
  vegetable. Insmall pot or beaker on medium heat, render pieces of
  chicken fat.
  
  Stir-frying:  Add peanut oil to hot wok.   When it begins to smoke,
  briskly fry crab meat or shrimp for 1 minute. Add asparagus, baby
  corn, mushrooms & water chestnuts, stir-frying until they are hot.
  Add ginger mixture, then onions.  Stir-fry another 30 seconds. Add
  1/2 stock, salt & sugar; bring to boil. Add turnips & carrots. Cover
  & reduce heat; simmer for 5 minutes. Uncover, push ingredients out of
  liquid, & dribble in cornstarch paste to thicken slightly.  Stir
  liquid to prevent lumping while it thickens to a thick soup.
  Recombine, then mix in chicken oil. Remove to serving platter.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASSORTED VEGETABLES IN CLEAR SAUCE
 Categories: Chinese, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 md Turnips
      2 sm Carrots
      4    Green onions
      3    Fresh asparagus spears
    1/2 c  Button mushrooms
      8    Baby sweet corn
      8    Water chestnuts
    1/2 ts Fresh ginger root
      1 tb Tientsin vegetable
      2 tb Peanut oil
      2 c  Chicken stock
      1 ts Salt
      1 pn Salt
           Cornstarch paste
      1 tb Chicken fat
    1/2 c  Crab meat or shell shrimp
 
  PREPARATION: Peal turnips & carrots. Use melon scoop to cut turnips
  into large balls. Slice carrots 1/2" thick; then with paring knife,
  cut 4 evenly spaced notches into rim of each slice (don't cut into
  core). Carrots should look like little flowers. Parboil turnip &
  carrots in stock until barely tender. Remove from stock & plunge
  pieces into cold water; drain. Cut onions, asparagus & baby corn into
  1 1/2" pieces. Mince together fresh ginger root & Tientsin preserved
  vegetable. In small pot or beaker on medium heat, render pieces of
  chicken fat.
  
  STIR FRYING: Add peanut oil to hot wok. When it begins to smoke,
  briskly fry crab meat or shrimp for 1 minute. Add asparagus, baby
  corn, mushrooms & water chestnuts, stir-frying until they are hot.
  Add ginger mixture, then onions. Stir-fry another 30 seconds. Add 1/
  2 stock, salt & sugar; bring to boil. Add turnips & carrots. Cover &
  reduce heat; simmer for 5 minutes. Uncover, push ingredients out of
  liquid, & dribble in cornstarch paste to thicken slightly. Stir
  liquid to prevent lumping while it thickens to a thick soup.
  Recombine, then mix in chicken oil. Remove to serving platter.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASTAKOS PLAKI - LOBSTER IN TOMATO SAUCE WITH
 Categories: Greek, Seafood
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Lobsters (about 2 lbs each)
           - (live, or recently dead)
     25    Saffron strands; soaked in
    1/4 c  Hot water
    1/4 lb Finely chopped onion
      1 md Leek; washed, finely chopped
      8 tb Fruity olive oil
      3    Garlic cloves; minced
      1 lb Tomatoes; skinned, seeded,
           - and finely chopped
      4    Sun-dried tomatoes (in oil)
           - pounded to a paste
    1/2 c  White wine
    1/4 c  Orange juice
      1    Bay leaf
           Salt & freshly ground Pepper
    1/2 c  Finely chopped Fennel
    1/2 c  Minced flat-leaf Parsley
      1 tb Finely chopped fresh Mint
           Saffron Rice
 
  If you have live lobsters, plunge them into a pan of boiling water
  for 1 minute, then into cold water.
  
  To prepare the lobsters, break off the claws and crack them open with
  a hammer.  Cut off the tip of the tail (with the fins), then sever
  the tail where it joins the head with a heavy knife. Cut the tail
  into rings, slicing through the shell between the ribs.
  
  Split the head open lengthwise with a hard blow of a knife and remove
  and discard the gritty stomach sac. Pour the coral (if any) and the
  green matter (which is the liver) into a stainer over a bowl,
  sprinkle with salt and pepper, and reserve.  Put the saffron to soak.
  
  In a heavy-bottomed pan big-enough to contain the lobsters and sauce,
  fry the onion and leek gently in 3 tablespoons olive oil until
  translucent. Add the garlic, chopped tomatoes, tomato paste and
  liquid, wine, orange juice, and bay leaf.  Season and simmer,
  covered, for 15 minutes.
  
  Add the fennel, parsley, mint, saffron and liquid, and lobster tail
  pieces and claws with their shells (but not the legs) and simmer,
  covered, for 10 minutes.
  
  In the meantime push the coral and liver of the lobster through the
  strainer and beat the pure with the remaining olive oil. When the
  lobster has simmered for 10 minutes, ladle out about 1 cup sauce and
  beat this into the coral pure.  Pour this back into the pot, stir,
  and simmer for another 10 minutes. Serve with saffron rice.
  
                    Source: Recipes from a Greek Island ~ by Susie
  Jacobs
                    ISBN: 0-671-74531-X
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASTORIA
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, New (to be, Gin
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 oz Gin
      1 oz Vermouth
      4 ds Campari Bitter
      2    Olives
 
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASTRONAUT
 Categories: Alcohol, Flora's dri, Mixed drink, Beverages
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 oz Rum
  1 1/2 oz Vodka
  1 1/2 ts Lemon juice
    1/4 c  Pineapple juice
    3/4 oz Club soda
 
  Mix together.
  
  NOTES : see page 93 - The Complete Bartender Recipe by:
  Flora/Eric/Aaron/Tres
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ASZALT SZILVA RADVANSKY MODRA (BAKED PRUNES R
 Categories: Hungary, Upload
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     24 ea Prunes
    1/2 ea Juice of lemon
      1 ts Flour, all-purpose
    1/2 c  Sour cream
    1/4 c  Bread crumbs
      4 tb Butter, unsalted
 
    Preheat oven to 325F. Cook prunes in lemon juice and 2 cups water
  until they are soft. Remove cooked prunes with a slotted spoon.
    Put liquid over lowest possible heat and reduce it by half.
    Stir flour into sour cream and whip the mixture into the prune
  liquid. Simmer together for 5 minutes.
    Place the prunes in an ovenproof casserole. Pour thickened liquid
  over prunes, sprinkle with bread crumbs and dot with pieces of
  butter. Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.
    MM and upload by DonW1948@aol.com / CH
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATAR ALLECHA
 Categories: Vegetarian, Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/3 c  Onion; chopped
      2 cl Garlic; finely chopped
      1 tb Corn oil
      1 c  Split green peas; soaked,
           -cooked, drained, mashed
    1/2 ts Tumeric; ground
    1/2 ts Salt
      3 ts Hot green pepper; finely
           -chopped
      1 c  Water
 
  Atar Allecha is a spiced green pea puree.
  
  Soak peas for one hour.  Cook for 1/2 hour.  Drain. Mash. Set aside.
  
  In dry pan over moderate low heat, stir fry the onion and garlic for 2
  mins.  Add oil and stir fry one minute more.
  
  Add the mashed peas, tumeric, salt, and chili.  Mix well. Add the
  water and cook 3-4 mins longer to reduce the mixture to a thick,
  green, well spiced puree.
  
  Serve with warm Injeera.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATAR ALLECHA (SPICED GREEN-PEA PUREE)
 Categories: India
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 sm Onion, chopped (1/3 cup)
      2 ea Garlic cloves, chopped fine
      1 tb Corn oil
      1 c  Green split peas, covered
           -with water for 1 hour,
           -cooked for
    1/2 ea Hour, drained and mashed
    1/2 ts Ground tumeric
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 sm Hot green chili, chopped
           -fine (2 to 3 teaspoons)
      1 c  Water
      1 ea Stir-fry the onion and
           -garlic in a dry pan over
           -moderately low
 
  heat for 2 minutes.  Add the oil and stir-fry for 1 minute. 2. Add the
  mashed peas, tumeric, salt and chili; mix well. Add the water and
  cook for 3 to 4 minutes to reduce the mixture to a thick, green,
  well-spiced puree. Serve warm with injeera.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATHENIAN COUSCOUS SALAD
 Categories: Salad, Vegetarian, Grains, Cheryl
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  1 3/4 c  (14.5-oz can) vegetable
           Broth
      1 c  Couscous
      1 lg Ripe tomato, coarsely diced
      2    Thin green onions, finely
           Minced
    1/2    Cucumber, peeled, coarsely
           Diced
    1/2 c  Finely minced parsley
      4 oz Feta cheese, finely crumbled
      4 tb Lemon juice
  2 1/2 tb Olive oil
  1 1/2 ts Dried oregano, crushed
    1/8    To 1/4 teaspoon salt
     10    Grinds fresh black pepper
           Pinch cayenne pepper
 
  1. Put the broth and couscous into a medium saucepan and bring to a
  boil. Remove from the heat and set aside 5 minutes, until the broth
  is absorbed. Transfer the couscous to a bowl and cool. When cool,
  break apart the lumps with your fingers. 2. Add the tomato, green
  onions, cucumber, parsley and feta to the couscous. 3. Put the lemon
  juice, olive oil, oregano, salt, pepper and cayenne into a small jar.
  Cover and shake well to blend. Pour over the salad, mixing well. 4.
  Refrigerate; bring the salad to room temperature before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATHENIAN PIZZA
 Categories: Pizza, Snacks
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 tb Oil
     12 sl Eggplant (thin); diced
      1 lg Red bell pepper; diced
      6    Pita breads
  1 1/2 c  Prepared spaghetti sauce
  2 1/2 oz Pepperoni, sliced
      1 sm Onion; thinly sliced
 
  Heat 2 tablespoons oil in large skillet over medium heat. Add diced
  eggplant, a little at a time, and cook until golden brown, adding
  remaining oil as needed. Drain eggplant on paper towels. Add red
  pepper and cook until tender-crisp. Drain on paper towels. Separate
  pita breads, pulling completely apart into halves. Arrange on baking
  sheet, cut sides up. Spread 2 tablespoons spaghetti sauce on each
  pita bread half. Top with some of eggplant, red pepper, pepperoni and
  onion slices. Bake at 400F 5 minutes.
  
  (C) 1992 The Los Angeles Times
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATHENS MARKET'S AVGOLEMONO SOUP (EGG LEMON SO
 Categories: Soups, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           INGREDIENTS
      1    Frying chicken, whole
  4 1/2 qt Water
           Salt to taste
      2 c  Rice (uncooked)
           Lemon juice from 3 lemons
      5    Eggs
           Salt and pepper
           DIRECTIONS
 
  Place chicken, water, and desired amount of salt in heavy pot. Bring
  to boil. Reduce heat and simmer for approximately 1 1/2 to 2 hours,
  skimming foam off top as necessary. Add more water, as necessary, so
  you will end up with 3 quarts of chicken stock. Remove chicken and
  set aside for later use. Strain chicken stock into clean saucepan,
  reserving 3 cups. Bring stock in saucepan to boil. Add rice and bring
  back to boil. Reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes or until rice is
  soft. In a large measuring cup, place lemon juice with one cup of
  reserved chicken stock. Set aside. In large mixing bowl beat eggs on
  high speed for 4 minutes. Reduce speed to medium and continue beating
  while you slowly add lemon juice and stock mixture. Into same
  mixture, pour 2 cups of reserved chicken stock slowly, while
  continuously mixing. Turn mixer off. Pour egg and lemon mixture
  slowly into saucepan of rice and stock, stirring continually.
  Continue to stir for one minute while soup cooks. Remove from heat.
  Salt and pepper to taste. Serve hot. NOTE: You can chop up the cooked
  chicken into small chunks and add it to the soup. Or use the chicken
  to make chicken salad, sandwiches, etc. Courtesy of Shareware RECIPE
  CLIPPER 1.0
  
  Posted By ehunt@bsc835.bsc.edu (Eric Hunt) On rec.food.recipes or
  rec.food.cooking
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATHLETE GIFT BASKET
 Categories: Gifts, Holiday
      Yield: 1 Basket
 
           High energy bars
           Sports drinks
           Carbo loaded mix
           Pasta
           Jar of pasta sauce
           Sunscreen
           Lip balm
           Moisturizer/shower soap
 
  Submitted By ARLENES@HOLLY.COLOSTATE.EDU  On
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATHLETE'S DELIGHT
 Categories: Main dish, Pasta, Vegetables
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      2 tb Olive oil
      1 md Onion
      2 ea Garlic cloves
      2 md Potatoes, diced
      2 c  Turnip, diced
  1 1/2 c  Tomatoes, diced
      1 c  Water
      2 tb Parsley
    1/2 ts Oregano
    1/2 ts Marjoram
      1 ts Basil
      1 pn Mint
      1 pn Dill
           Fettuccine
 
  Heat oil in a large pot.  Add onion & garlic & saute gently for 5
  minutes. Add potatoes & turnip & continue to saute for another 3
  minutes, stirring occasionally. Mix in chopped tomatoes, raise heat &
  bring to a gentle boil. Stir in the water & the rest of the
  ingredients, except for the fettuccine. Simmer for 35 minutes or
  until all the vegetables are tender. Add more water if necessary.
  Meanwhile cook fettuccine according to package instructions.  When
  cooked, serve vegetables over cooked fettuccine.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATHOL BROSE
 Categories: Beverages, Holidays, Gifts
      Yield: 3 Pints
 
  1 1/2 ts Unflavored gelatin
    1/3 c  Cold water
      1 c  Honey
      3 c  Heavy cream
      3 c  Scotch whisky
 
  This brew originated in Athol, Scotland (a district famouse for its
  deer hunting).  Early versions included water in which oatmeal had
  been soaked overnight.  Here gelating provides for the thickening.
  
  IN a small saucepan, sprinkle the gelatin over water and let soften
  for several minutes.  Place over low heat and cook, stirring
  occasionally,until gelatin dissolves, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in cream
  and heat until mixture is quite warm (about 110F), 2 to 3 minutes.
  Remove form heat and stir in whisky.
  
  Serve warm or chilled.  Store brose in a sterilized bottle in the
  refrigerator, where it will keep for a month or more. If giving as a
  gift, place in an old fashioned bottle, and wrap in bright colored
  gift napkin or piece of fabric.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATHOLL BROSE TART
 Categories: Scot/irish, Pies/pastry
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           British measurements

MMMMM----------------------------BASE---------------------------------
  3 1/2 oz Butter
      7 oz Sweet oat biscuits (cookies)
           .  crushed
      1 tb Sesame seeds; toasted

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      3 tb Scotch whiskey
      2 tb Lemon juice; to taste
      2 tb Honey
      5 fl Double (heavy) cream
           Chopped walnuts or hazelnuts
           .  or fresh raspberries for
           .  garnish
 
  To Make The Base: Put the butter into a large saucepan and heat gently
  until melted. Stir in the crushed biscuits and the sesame seeds.
  Press the mixture into the base and up the side of a lightly oiled
  8-inch flan dish or sandwich tin. Refrigerate whilst making the
  filling.
  
  To Make The Filling: Put the whiskey, lemon juice and honey into a
  bowl and whisk until mixed. Add cream and whisk until softly stiff.
  Spoon onto base and refrigerate for 1 to 2 hours until set. Top with
  chopped nuts and/or fruit before serving.
  
  "Scotch Whiskey Recipes"
  :      by   Jo Guthrie Jarrold Publishing, Norwich
     1991    ISBN = 0-7117-0553-4
  
  Scanned and formatted for you by  The WEE Scot  -- pol Mac Griogair
  
  From: Paul Macgregor                  Date: 06-15-96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATJAR TJAMPOER
 Categories: Side dish, Indonesian, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    100 g  Carrots
           Salt
    100 g  Green beans
      4 ea Scallions
    100 g  White cabbage
      2 ea Toes of garlic
    1/4 ea Cucumber
      1 tb Oil
    150 ml Vinegar
    100 g  Bean sprouts/shoots
      1 tb Sugar
      1 ts Powdered ginger
      1 ts Kunjit/kurkuma
      1 ts Sambal ulek
 
  Cut carrot into the size of matches. Cut beans in 1" pieces. Chafe the
  cabbage. In a pan with a little water and salt, boil the vegetables
  for 5 minutes. Drain. Cut cucumber in *small* cubes. Peel scallions
  and garlic. Put in kitchen machine; cut to paste. Mix with sambal,
  kunjit and ginger. Heat oil in a frying pan. Fry the herb-mixture for
  2 minutes. Add vinegar and sugar; stir to dissolve sugar. Add all
  vegetables (also the ones not cooked yet); add a *little* water if
  there is too little liquid. Boil softly for 2 minutes. Put in a bowl
  and let cool. You can also preserve it by putting the hot veggies in
  sterilized screw-lid jars (metal lids with a 'dome' in the middle are
  quite handy, I always save jam-jars when they're empty); add liquid
  as well. Screw the lids on. Place jars upside down until cooled
  completely (the 'dome' in the lid will be down, this is to check if
  the jar closed well). Can be kept for at least a year (store in dark
  place to avoid having the color goes away). Nice as a present! Kunjit
  or kurkuma is a herb. If I look on the jar, it says 'powdered
  yellow-root'. It is used to color this dish, and other dishes as
  well. In that way it is much like saffron, although kunjit tastes a
  little bitter. Sambal ulek [INDONESIA]: Used as an accompaniment and
  in cooking. Made by crushing fresh red chilis with a little salt.
  Remove the seeds from the chilis, chop finely, then crush with salt
  using a pestle and mortar. Three chilis will make about 1 tablespoon
  sambal ulek. Also available ready-prepared in small jars from
  Oriental stores and some delicatessens. This is a refreshing side
  dish made of crisp, sweet-and-sour vegetables. Goes really well with
  Nasi Goreng. The dish can be kept in the fridge for a few days.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATJAR TUMIS DJAMUR (MUSHROOM PICKLES)
 Categories: Relishes, Pickles, Indonesian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 oz Mushroom, fresh; sliced
      3 oz Shallots; slivered
      3 c  Vinegar, white
      1 ts Cumin powder
 
  Calories     per serving: 35 Fat grams per serving: 0 Approx. Cook
  Time: 0:30 Heat vinegar and cumin in a non-aluminum pan until
  boiling. Simmer five minutes.  Place mushrooms and shallots in a
  small pan (not aluminum) and cover with a saucer and weight to hold
  it down. Pour vinegar mixture over mushrooms to cover.  Return pan to
  stove and bring to a simmer. Simmer 10 to 15 minutes or until
  mushrooms are just tender. Remove from heat and let mushrooms cool in
  the vinegar. Drain and refrigerate until ready to serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATOLE
 Categories: Cornmeal
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Atole blue cornmeal
           -(See NOTE)
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 c  Water
      3 c  Milk
    1/2 c  Honey
 
  Mix together cornmeal, cinnamon, salt and water in 3-quart saucepan.
  Heat to boiling, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low. Stir in
  milk and honey. Heat to simmering, stirring constantly (do not boil).
  NOTE: Regular blue cornmeal can be substituted for the atole blue
  cornmeal. Spread cornmeal in ungreased shallow baking pan. Bake, at
  400F, stirring occasionally, until light brown, about 10 minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATOLE - ATOLE DE ZARZAMORA
 Categories: Mexican, Beverages
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Jim Vorheis
      2 lb Wild blackberries
      2 c  Cold water
    1/2 c  Cold water
      3 oz Tortilla masa (1/3 cup)
      3 tb Crushed piloncillo or
           -dark brown sugar to taste
    1/2 c  Prepared tortilla masa, or
           -scant 1/2 cup masa harina
           -mixed with 1/3 cup water
    2/3 c  Water
  1 1/2 c  Warm milk
  1 1/2 c  Warm water
  1 1/2 oz Tablet drinking chocolate
      1    3-inch cinnamon stick
      3 tb Brown sugar, or to taste
 
  Though there are many variations, basically "atole" is a gruel
  thickened with masa, sweetened with raw sugar, and flavored with
  crushed fruits - such as pineapple and strawberries - or seasoned
  with chili. Some are made with a base of ground rice; others with
  fresh corn. For the Mexicans atole, too, is a natural accompaniment
  for tamales. For non-Mexicans, however, it is really not the sort of
  beverage that would generally be accepted, no matter how authentic.
  
  Blackberry atole Put the blackberries and water into a saucepan and
  cook over a medium flame, pressing them down from time to time, for
  about 10 minutes.  Puree the blackberries in a blender or food
  processor and press through a fine sieve, or the fine disk of a food
  mill, to extract the seeds, and return to the pan.
  
  Add the water to the masa and press out any lumps with the back of a
  wooded spoon.  When it is quite smooth, stir it into the strained
  blackberries. Cook over low heat, stirring often until the atole
  begins to thicken.
  
  Add the sugar and stir until dissolved.  It should take about 25
  minutes to reach the required consistency, so that the mixture will
  very lightly coat the back of a wooden spoon.
  
  Champurrado (Chocolate-flavored atole)
  
  Put the masa into the pan with the 2/3 cup water and cook over a low
  flame, stirring constantly, until it thickens - about 5 minutes.
  
  Gradually stir in the milk and water and cook until it begins to
  bubble. Add the chocolate, broken into pieces, the cinnamon stick,
  and the sugar and cook slowly, stirring, until the mixture thickens -
  about 15 minutes. The atole is done when a spoonful slides
  noiselessly rather than plops back into the mixture.
  
  The Cuisines of Mexico From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATOLE DE ZARZAMORA
 Categories: Mexico, Beverages
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Wild blackberries
      2 c  Cold water
    1/2 c  Cold water
      3 oz Tortilla masa (1/3 cup)
      3 tb Crushed piloncillo or
           -dark brown sugar to taste
    1/2 c  Prepared tortilla masa, or
           -scant 1/2 cup masa harina
           -mixed with 1/3 cup water
    2/3 c  Water
  1 1/2 c  Warm milk
  1 1/2 c  Warm water
  1 1/2 oz Tablet drinking chocolate
      1    3-inch cinnamon stick
      3 tb Sugar, brown; to taste
 
  Though there are many variations, basically "atole" is a gruel
  thickened with masa, sweetened with raw sugar, and flavored with
  crushed fruits - such as pineapple and strawberries - or seasoned
  with chili. Some are made with a base of ground rice; others with
  fresh corn. For the Mexicans atole, too, is a natural accompaniment
  for tamales. For non-Mexicans, however, it is really not the sort of
  beverage that would generally be accepted, no matter how authentic.
  
  Blackberry atole Put the blackberries and water into a saucepan and
  cook over a medium flame, pressing them down from time to time, for
  about 10 minutes.  Puree the blackberries in a blender or food
  processor and press through a fine sieve, or the fine disk of a food
  mill, to extract the seeds, and return to the pan.
  
  Add the water to the masa and press out any lumps with the back of a
  wooded spoon.  When it is quite smooth, stir it into the strained
  blackberries. Cook over low heat, stirring often until the atole
  begins to thicken.
  
  Add the sugar and stir until dissolved.  It should take about 25
  minutes to reach the required consistency, so that the mixture will
  very lightly coat the back of a wooden spoon.
  
  Champurrado (Chocolate-flavored atole)
  
  Put the masa into the pan with the 2/3 cup water and cook over a low
  flame, stirring constantly, until it thickens - about 5 minutes.
  
  Gradually stir in the milk and water and cook until it begins to
  bubble. Add the chocolate, broken into pieces, the cinnamon stick,
  and the sugar and cook slowly, stirring, until the mixture thickens -
  about 15 minutes. The atole is done when a spoonful slides
  noiselessly rather than plops back into the mixture.
  
  The Cuisines of Mexico From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATOMIC BOMB
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, New (to be, Gin
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 oz Gin
      1 oz Benedictine
      4 ds Curacao
 
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATOMIC BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 pk Dry yeast
    1/2 c  Warm water
    1/8 ts Ground ginger
      2 tb Honey
     13 oz Can evaporated milk
      1 ts Salt (optional)
      2 tb Oil
      4    To 4 1/2 cups whole wheat
           -flour
 
  Makes 1 large loaf
  
  Dissolve yeast in the warm water in large mixing bowl. Blend in the
  ginger and 1 Tbsp of the honey.  Let stand in a warm place until the
  mixture is bubbly (about 15 minutes). Stir in the remaining honey,
  and the milk, salt, and oil.  With mixer on low speed (or with a
  wooden spoon) beat in the flour 1 cup at a time, mixing well after
  each addition. If you are using amixer, beat in the last cup of flour
  with a wooden spoon. The dough should be heavy but too sticky to
  knead.
  
  Place dough in a 2-pound, WELL-GREASED coffee can. Cover with greased
  plastic lid.  At this point, you may freeze the dough if you want to
  and bake it at a later time.
  
  To bake, let stand, covered in a warm place until the dough rises and
  pops off the lid.  This will take 1 to 1 1/2 hours. Discard the lid
  and bake at 350 F for 1 hour. The crust will be very brown. Brush the
  top lightly with butter.
  
  Let the entire bread and can cool for 5 to 10 minutes on a wire rack,
  then loosen the crust around the edge of the can with a thin knife
  and slide the bread from the can. Cool it in an upright position on
  the wire rack.
  
  VARIATION:  Add to the yeast mixture 1 tsp cinnamon and 1/2 tsp
  nutmeg. With the final addition of flour, add 1/2 cup raisins and 1/2
  cup chopped walnuts.
  
  Bread Winners From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: ATZEM PILAFI
 Categories: Main dish, Pasta/rice, Greek
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      3 lb Lamb, cut 1 1/2" cubes
    1/2 lb Butter
      1 ea Onion, chopped
  1 1/2 lb Tomatoes, peeled,strained OR
      1 tb Tomato paste diluted with:
      1 c  Water
           Salt & pepper to taste
      8 c  Water
      4 c  Raw rice
 
     Wash and dry meat.  Brown 2/3 of the butter in lge. pot. Add meat
  and brown on all sides.  Add onions and continue to cook until they
  become a light golden color. Add tomatoes or diluted tomato paste,
  and the salt, pepper and water.  Cover pot and simmer until meat is
  tender, abt. 1 hr. Put meat into casserole and keep it warm. Strain
  sauce; measure it. Add water if necessary to make 8 or 9 cups. Pour
  into lge. pot and bring to a boil.  Add rice.  Stir at the start to
  prevent sticking. Cover and simmer until most of the liquid is
  absorbed, 20 to 30 min. Remove from heat. Add meat and mix well.
  Brown remaining butter and pour it over the rice. Cover pot with a
  clean towel, then cover towel with pot lid. Let stand for 5 min.
  Serve hot.  Serves 6 to 10.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AU GRATIN POTATOES
 Categories: Vegetables, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      2 lb Frozen hash browns,
           - slightly thawed *OR*
     58 oz Hominy (2 large cans)
    1/4 c  Margarine
    1/4    Chopped onion
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      1 lb Cheddar longhorn cheese
      4 oz Diced green chiles (1 can)
      8 oz Sour cream
     10 oz Cream of chicken soup
           - (1 can)
           Non-stick spray
           Cornflake crumbs
 
  Mix all ingredients together (except cornflakes) and spoon into
  sprayed 13- by 9-inch dish.  Top with cornflake crumbs. Bake at 350
  degrees 45 minutes. Makes 10 to 12 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AU GRATIN TURNIPS & POTATOES
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Sliced turnips & potatoes
           - (any combination,)
           - peeled and thinly sliced
      1 md Onion
           - peeled and finely sliced,
      2 tb Melted butter
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/8 ts Grated nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ground white pepper
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Grated Swiss cheese
 
  PREHEAT OVEN TO 375F. TOSS together turnips, potatoes, onion with
  melted butter and place in a 9-inch square or round baking dish.
  Cover tightly and place in preheated oven for 30 minutes. In a small
  pot on top of the stove combine milk, nutmeg, pepper and salt and
  bring to a boil. Immediately remove from heat. Remove turnip-potato
  mixture from the oven, remove cover and mix in half the cheese. Pour
  the milk over the potatoes and sprinkle with remaining cheese.
  Replace in oven, uncovered, another 20 to 25 minutes. If the gratin
  is golden brown, it's ready to serve. If not, preheat broiler. Place
  gratin under broiler about 3 minutes to brown top before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AU GRATIN TURNIPS & POTATOES
 Categories: Vegetables, Side dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Sliced turnips & potatoes
           - (any combination,)
           - peeled and thinly sliced
      1 md Onion
           - peeled and finely sliced,
      2 tb Melted butter
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/8 ts Grated nutmeg
    1/4 ts Ground white pepper
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Grated Swiss cheese
 
  PREHEAT OVEN TO 375F. TOSS together turnips, potatoes, onion with
  melted butter and place in a 9-inch square or round baking dish.
  Cover tightly and place in preheated oven for 30 minutes. In a small
  pot on top of the stove combine milk, nutmeg, pepper and salt and
  bring to a boil. Immediately remove from heat. Remove turnip-potato
  mixture from the oven, remove cover and mix in half the cheese. Pour
  the milk over the potatoes and sprinkle with remaining cheese.
  Replace in oven, uncovered, another 20 to 25 minutes. If the gratin
  is golden brown, it's ready to serve. If not, preheat broiler. Place
  gratin under broiler about 3 minutes to brown top before serving.
  
  MICHAEL ROBERTS - PRODIGY GUEST CHEFS COOKBOOK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AU PIED DE COCHON RE (FRENCH ONION SOUP)
 Categories: France, Alcohol, Cheese/eggs, Soups/stews, Ethnic
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb (1/4 stick) unsalted butter
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
  3 1/2 lb Onions, thinly sliced
      2 c  Dry wine
      6 c  Chicken stock or canned
           Low-salt broth

MMMMM---------------------------------------------------------------
     12    1/2-inch thick French Bread
           Baguette slices, toasted
      1 c  Gruye're Cheese (about 4 oz)
 
  Melt butter with oil in heavy large pot over medium heat. Add onions,
  cover and cook until lightly colored, stirring occasionally, about 45
  minutes. Add wine and bring to boil, scraping up any browned bits.
  Cook 5 minutes. Add browned bits.  Cook 5 minutes. Add stock and
  bring to simmer. Simmer uncovered 1-1/2 hours. Season to taste with
  salt and pepper. (Can be prepared 1 day ahead.  Cover and
  refrigerate.  Bring to simmer before continuing.)
  
  Preheat broiler.  Ladle soup into boilerproof bowls. Top with slices
  of toasted French bread.  Sprinkle with grated Gruyere cheese. Broil
  until cheese melts. Serve immediately.
  
  SOURCE: Bon Appetit Favorite Restaurant Recipes Volume II
  
  Shared by Cate Vanicek
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGE HANFIELD PIE
 Categories: Vegetarian, Main dish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2 tb Olive oil
      3 c  Potatoes; peeled and finely
           -diced
      2 c  Onions; peeled and finely
           -diced
      1 c  Broccoli stems; peeled and
           -finely diced
      1 ts Minced garlic
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Allspice
    1/2 ts Black pepper
    1/2 ts Sea salt
      2 c  Soysage
      2 c  Tofu, firm or extra firm;
           -crushed by hand
           Whole wheat pie dough for
           -two double crusted pies
    1/4 c  Barley malt syrup
 
   Heat the oil in a large frying pan. Saute th epotatoes, onions,
  broccoli and garlic for a few minutes. Add the seasonings and
  continue cooking for a few minutes, stirring constantly.Finally, add
  the soysage and tofu and cook until the mixture is hot, stirring
  constantly.
  
   Roll out half of the dough and prepare the bottom crust for each of
  two small pies. Put 3 cups of filling in each pie pan. Roll out the
  top crusts and place them over the pies. Seal the edges of the top
  and bottom crusts, wetting the edges first with water.
   Bake in apreheated oven at 400 degrees for 40 mintues or until th
  etop crusts are browned. When the pie has baked for about 30 minutes,
  you can glaze the top crust with amixture of 1/4 cup barley malt
  syrup and 2 tbs water. Just lightly glaze the crust and return the
  pie to the oven. The glaze will make the crust shiny and brown.
  
   Variation:  You may prefer to add a bread crumb topping to the pie
  instead of a top crust. Prepare the topping by lightly mixing 1/2 cup
  whole wheat bread crumbs and 1/4 cup oil. Sprinkle it over the pie
  filling and bake the pie acording to the recipe.
  
   Source: Friendly Foods by Bro. Ron Pickarski/MM by DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE & LAMB SUPPER
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Aubergines, each about 8 oz
           Salt, to sprinkle
      6 oz Ground Lamb
      2    Garlic cloves, peeled and
           -crushed
      1 bn Spring Onions, trimmed and
           -chopped
      2    Tomatoes, finely chopped
           Grated rind of 1 lemon
      1 tb Freshly Chopped Mint
           Freshly ground black
           -pepper
      1 md Egg, beaten
      2 tb Oil
           Freshly chopped mint and
           -mint sprigs to garnish
 
  Rinse the aubergines, discard stems and cut in half lengthways. Scoop
  out centre of each aubergine and reserve, leaving about half-inch
  shell of flesh. Sprinkle each shell with salt, then turn over and
  leave to drain for 30 minutes. Chop up the remaining flesh.
  
  Preheat the oven to 180C/350F/Gas Mark 4.
  
  Dry-fry the lamb and chopped aubergine over a moderate heat for 5
  minutes, stirring frequently until browned. Drain off any fat, then
  add the garlic and continue to cook for 2 minutes. Remove pan from
  heat.
  
  Add the spring onion, tomatoes, grated lemon rind, mint and seasoning
  to taste. Mix well and bind with the beaten egg.
  
  Rinse the aubergine halves and pat dry with kitchen paper. Fill the
  shells with the prepared stuffing mixture, packing down firmly. Place
  in an oiled ovenproof dish and drizzle with the oil. Cover and bake
  in the preheated oven for 40 minutes or until aubergines are tender,
  basting occasionally with the oil in the dish.
  
  Garnish with chopped mint. Serve with cacik, green salad and freshly
  baked bread.
  
  Source: Take a Break
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE & SESAME PATE
 Categories: Vegetarian, Appetizers, Greek
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/2 md Aubergine
      1    Crushed garlic cloves
  1 1/2 tb Tahini
    1/4    Juice of 1 lemon
      1 tb Olive oil
           Seasoning

MMMMM--------------------------GARNISH-------------------------------
           Toasted Sesame seeds
           Cayenne Pepper
           Flatleaf Parsley
 
  1> Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/Gas 6. Bake the aubergine for
     25-30 minutes until tender. Cool slightly , then peel and
     puree the flesh in a blender or processor.
  
  2. Add the garlic, tahini and lemon juice and process until mixed.
     With the motor running, drizzle in the oil to make a smooth paste.
     Season to taste.
  
  Transfer to a serving dish, garnish and serve cold with pitta bread.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE & SESAME PATE
 Categories: Vegetarian, Appetizers, Snacks
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/2 md Aubergine
      1    Crushed garlic cloves
  1 1/2 tb Tahini
    1/4    Juice of 1 lemon
      1 tb Olive oil
           Seasoning

MMMMM--------------------------GARNISH-------------------------------
           Toasted Sesame seeds
           Cayenne Pepper
           Flatleaf Parsley
 
  1> Preheat the oven to 200c/400f/Gas 6. Bake the aubergine for
     25-30 minutes until tender. Cool slightly , then peel and
     puree the flesh in a blender or processor.
  
  2. Add the garlic, tahini and lemon juice and process until mixed.
     With the motor running, drizzle in the oil to make a smooth paste.
     Season to taste.
  
  Transfer to a serving dish, garnish and serve cold with pitta bread.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE FRITTERS - MAKHUA CHUB KHAI THORD
 Categories: Thai, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
      2    Eggs, beaten
           Salt to taste
      2 tb Milk
      2    Aubergines (eggplants),
           -finely sliced
           Oil for deep frying
 
  Mix the eggs, salt and milk together to make a batter. Dip the
  aubergine slices into the batter and deep-fry the coated aubergine
  slices in the oil over moderate heat until evenly brown.
  
  From "Discover Thai Cooking" by Chaslin, Canungmai and Tettoni, Times
  Editions, Singapore. 1987
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE LOAF
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
    350 g  Aubergine
      3    Eggs
     75 g  Breadcrumbs
     50 g  Grated cheese
      2 tb Freshly chopped basil
    100 ml Olive oil
      2    Garlic cloves; crushed
      1 tb Soy sauce
      2 tb Parsley, chopped
           Salt and pepper
 
  Serves 3-4
  
  Most vegetable 'loaves' take an eternity to make, but this one is the
  exception. Everything goes into the blender, and it is made in next
  to no time. The result is outstandingly good, a loaf that is
  delicious hot, warm or cold. You can also make it using mushrooms
  instead of the aubergines, and the result is also memorable.
  
  Cut the aubergine into pieces and mince in the blender. Put into a
  bowl. Whizz all the rest of the ingredients in the blender and fold
  in the minced aubergine. Bake in a greased loaf tin (500 g or 1 lb)
  at 200 degrees C / 400 degrees F / gas 6 for 20 minutes, then at 180
  degrees C / 350 degrees F / gas 4 for a further 15 minutes or until a
  knife comes out clean from the centre. Cover with a cloth for 10
  minutes, then turn out of the tin.
  
  Copyright Rosamond Richardson 1996
  
  Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE PATE.
 Categories: Vegetarian, Appetizers
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 md Aubergines
      2    Cloves garlic crushed
     15 ml 1 tbsp oil
     30 ml 2 tbsp pomegranate juice or
           Orange juice.
     25 ml Half tsp paprika.
        pn Chili seasoning.
 
  Prick the aubergines with a fork and place on a baking tray. Bake in
  the oven at 180 c, 350 f, gas mark 4 for 30 minutes or until tender.
  When the aubergines are cooked, remove the skin while hot. Puree the
  flesh in a food processor with the garlic, oil, pomegranate juice,
  paprika and chili. Leave to cool, then serve with pitta bread.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE RELISH (SAMBAL TERONG)
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
      2 sm Aubergines
      1 lg Spanish onion
      4    Cloves garlic
      1 tb Vegetable oil
      2 ts Chilli powder
      1 sl Terasi
      1 ts Brown sugar
      2 lg Tomatoes
 
  This is a relish which can be used hot or cold.
  
  Slice the aubergine and sprinkle it with salt; leave to stand for
  half an hour, then rinse and dry. Cut up the tomatoes and remove the
  seeds.
  
  Crush the terasi and garlic together. Slice the onion thinly, and fry
  until slightly brown. Add the garlic and terasi, the sugar and the
  chilli powder. Put in the aubergine, and mix well. Add the tomatoes,
  cover the pan, and continue cooking gently for 5 minutes. Taste, and
  add salt if necessary. Then put the mixture into a pudding basin and
  steam it for 20 minutes.
  
  If you want this relish to be really hot--spicy hot--then take 4 green
  chillis, seed them and chop finely, and put them into the frying-pan
  at the same time as the onions. Alternatively, use dried red chillis:
  soak them for at least 15 minutes and put them into the mixture,
  whole, when everything goes into the basin for steaming.
  
  From "Indonesian Food and Cookery", Sri Owen, Prospect Books, London,
  1986." ISBN 0-907325-29-7.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE WITH LENTILS - PHAD MAKHUA SAI THUA
 Categories: Thai, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
    1/4 lb Lentils
    1/2 ts Salt
      8 oz Aubergine (eggplant)
      4    Cloves garlic
      1    Fresh chili
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      1 tb Fish sauce
      4 tb Water
     10    Mint leaves
 
  Cover the lentils with boiling water and leave for 2 hours. Drain,
  cover with fresh water, add salt, bring to the boil and cook, covered
  for 1/2 hour. Drain.
  
  Cut the aubergines lengthwise into 4 pieces and then cut these
  quarters into 5-cm (2-inch) pieces.
  
  Pound the garlic and chili together. Then fry them in the vegetable
  oil until golden.
  
  Add the lentils, fish sauce, aubergine pieces and water to the garlic
  and chili in the pan. Continue frying for 2-3 minutes until the
  aubergine is cooked.
  
  Add the mint leaves, turn the mixture just once with a spoon, and
  remove from the heat.
  
  From "Discover Thai Cooking" by Chaslin, Canungmai and Tettoni, Times
  Editions, Singapore. 1987
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE WITH PORK & PRAWNS (MAKHUA PHAO SON
 Categories: Meats, Fish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
      4 lg Aubergines (eggplants)
      5 oz Pork, minced or ground
      7 oz Prawns (shrimp), shelled
    1/2 ts Pepper
      3    Shallots, chopped
      1 tb Oil
      4    Cloves garlic, crushed
      1 tb Vinegar
      1 tb Fish sauce (Nam Pla)
      2 tb Fermented soya beans
      1 ts Sugar
           Red Bell Pepper Or:
      3    Red Chines
 
  Cook the aubergines whole in a hot oven (230 degrees C/450 degrees
  F/Gas Mark 8) or barbecue them directly over strong heat until the
  skins are burnt.
  
  Toss the aubergines into cold water then peel and cut them into large
  pieces. Place the pieces in a serving dish.
  
  Mix the pork and prawns together. Add pepper to taste and put aside.
  
  Saute the shallots in the oil, Remove the shallots and drain them,
  using the oil remaining in the pan to saute the garlic. When the
  garlic is golden brown, add the pork and prawn mixture and saute for
  a few minutes over medium heat.
  
  Add the vinegar, fish sauce, soya beans and sugar and mix in well;
  cover and cook for a few minutes.
  
  Top the aubergine pieces with the pork and prawn mixture, and
  sprinkle with the sugar.
  
  From "Discover Thai Cooking" by Chaslin, Canungmai and Tettoni, Times
  Editions, Singapore. 1987
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE WITH PORK & PRAWNS - MAKHUA PHAO
 Categories: Thai, Pork, Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
      4 lg Aubergines (eggplants)
      5 oz Pork, minced or ground
      7 oz Prawns (shrimp), shelled
    1/2 ts Pepper
      3    Shallots, chopped
      1 tb Oil
      4    Cloves garlic, crushed
      1 tb Vinegar
      1 tb Fish sauce (Nam Pla)
      2 tb Fermented soya beans
      1 ts Sugar
           Red Bell Pepper Or:
      3    Red Chines
 
  Cook the aubergines whole in a hot oven (230 degrees C/450 degrees
  F/Gas Mark 8) or barbecue them directly over strong heat until the
  skins are burnt.
  
  Toss the aubergines into cold water then peel and cut them into large
  pieces. Place the pieces in a serving dish.
  
  Mix the pork and prawns together. Add pepper to taste and put aside.
  
  Saute the shallots in the oil, Remove the shallots and drain them,
  using the oil remaining in the pan to saute the garlic. When the
  garlic is golden brown, add the pork and prawn mixture and saute for
  a few minutes over medium heat.
  
  Add the vinegar, fish sauce, soya beans and sugar and mix in well;
  cover and cook for a few minutes.
  
  Top the aubergine pieces with the pork and prawn mixture, and
  sprinkle with the sugar.
  
  From "Discover Thai Cooking" by Chaslin, Canungmai and Tettoni, Times
  Editions, Singapore. 1987
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINE-KARTOFFEL-HAEHNCHEN-OFENPFANNE
 Categories: Chicken, Vegetables, Potatoes
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 sm Aubergine
      4    Haehnchenschenkel
      1 tb Paprikapulver, edelsuess
      2 tb Olivenoel
    400 g  Kartoffeln; gekocht
           -- in Scheiben
    500 g  Tomaten; geachtelt
      1    Gelbe Paprikaschote
           -- entkernt, in Streifen
      1    Gruene Peperoni; entkernt
           -- in Streifen
      2 sm Zwiebeln; gehackt
      1 tb Butter

MMMMM---------------------------QUELLE--------------------------------
           -- Prima, Heft 8, 1994
           -- Erfasst von Rene Gagnaux
 
  Aubergine in Scheiben schneiden, mit Salz bestreuen und 20 Minuten
  ziehen lassen.
  
  Haehnchenschenkel mit Salz und Paprikapulver einreiben, in der
  Haelfte vom heissen Oel kraeftig anbraten.
  
  Kartoffeln, Tomaten, Aubergine, Peperoni und Zwiebel in eine mit dem
  restlichen Oel ausgefette Form legen, Haehnchenschenkel daraufsetzen.
  
  Im Ofen bei 180 Grad 35 Minuten garen.
  
  TESTED by Anja Feb 1996: Sehr gut! Laenger backen - oder die
  Auberginen voher anbraten? Ist OK mit Tomaten aus der Dose.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINES A LA TOULOUSAINE (EGGPLANT A LA TO
 Categories: Vegetables, Casseroles, French
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 md Eggplant
    1/4 c  Salad oil
      3 lg Tomatoes, peeled
      2 c  Fresh bread cubes
      2 tb Snipped parsley
      1 cl Galic, minced
      1 tb Salad oil
    1/4 c  Grated Parmesan cheese
 
  Cut eggplant into 1/2-inch thick slices: pared. Place slices on paper
  towels; sprinkle each generously with salt. let stand for 30 minutes;
  then blot dry with paper towels. Start heating oven to 400 deg. F.
  Saute eggplant in 1/4 cup salad oil until golden. Add more oils as
  needed. Cut tomatoes into 1/2-inch thick slices; saute in same
  skillet. In a 10x6x2 inch baking dish, arrange eggplant and tomatoes
  in alternate layers, (4 in all), sprinkling each layer with 1/4
  teaspoon salt and 1/8 teaspoon pepper. Combine bread cubes with
  parsley, garlic, 1 tablespoon salad oil and cheese. Toss well.
  Sprinkle over top layer. Bake 20 minutes or until bread cubes are
  golden and eggplant is tender.
  
  SOURCE: Good Houskeeping's Around The World Cookbook. Consolidated
  Book Publishers Chicago 1, Illinois 1958
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINES EN PERSILLADE
 Categories: Vegetables, Vegan
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    450 g  Aubergines, peeled
           Olive oil for frying
     25 g  Breadcrumbs
      1 tb Chopped spring onions
      2    Garlic cloves; crushed
      1 tb Fresh chopped thyme
           -OR- oregano
      2 tb Parsley, chopped
           Salt
 
  Serves 2-3
  
  This is a simple, rather classic way of sauteeing aubergines with
  garlic, parsley, spring onions and breadcrumbs. Its mouth-watering
  flavours and irresistible textures make a lovely supper dish, served
  with a tomato salad and hot, soft rolls.
  
  Cut the aubergines into large cubes. Saute in hot olive oil, shaking
  the pan frequently until browned all over on the outside and tender
  inside. Dry on kitchen paper and keep warm.
  
  Fry the breadcrumbs in more oil until golden all over, add the spring
  onions, garlic and herbs and then return the aubergines to the pan.
  Toss over a moderately high heat until the aubergines are sizzling,
  add salt to taste, then toss in the parsley and serve in a hot dish.
  
  Copyright Rosamond Richardson 1996
  
  Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINES IN CREOLE SAUCE
 Categories: Vegetables, Vegan
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 md Aubergines; sliced
           Sunflower oil for frying
      3 tb Fried breadcrumbs

MMMMM------------------------CREOLE SAUCE-----------------------------
     40 g  Butter
           -OR sunflower margarine
    1/2    Green pepper
           - deseeded and chopped
    1/2    Onion; chopped
      1    Garlic clove; crushed
    400 g  Canned tomatoes
           - finely chopped
      1    Bay leaf
      1    Pinch cloves
      1    Pinch salt
      1    Pinch pepper
      1    Pinch chilli powder
      1    Pinch sugar
 
  Serves 2-3
  
  Browned slices of aubergine, sprinkled with breadcrumbs and baked
  until golden are served with an exotic, spiced tomato sauce. Lovely
  with a crisp salad and some noodles or rice.
  
  Fry the sliced aubergines briskly in the olive oil for 2-3 minutes on
  each side. Cook a few slices at a time. When all the aubergine slices
  are cooked, return them to the pan.
  
  Mix the shallots, garlic, parsley and breadcrumbs together. Sprinkle
  this mixture over the aubergines, season and cook over a low heat for
  a further 10 minutes.
  
  Copyright Rosamond Richardson 1996
  
  Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUBERGINES IN SESAME SAUCE
 Categories: Vegetables, Vegan
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 tb Sesame seeds
      1 tb Soy sauce
      4 sm Aubergines
           Vegetable oil
           - for deep frying
           Sesame seeds to garnish
 
  Browned sesame seeds, pounded with a little soy sauce, make an
  interesting coating for deep-fried aubergines, and give them an added
  subtlety of flavour. Serve them warm, with a rice dish - or chilled,
  with a salad meal.
  
  In a small heavy pan shake the sesame seeds over a moderate heat,
  stirring and shaking the pan, for 4-5 minutes until golden. Reserve
  1/4 tsp of the sesame seeds and transfer the rest to a mortar. Crush
  them with the soy sauce.
  
  Cut the aubergines in half lengthwise, and cut each half diagonally
  into thirds. Deep-fry the aubergine in very hot vegetable oil for 1
  minute or until just tender. Dry on paper towels. While the aubergine
  is still warm toss it with the sesame mixture. Put on to a
  serving-dish and garnish with the reserved sesame seeds.
  
  Copyright Rosamond Richardson 1996
  
  Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUDREY'S ORIENTAL CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry, Main dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Firmly packed brown sugar
      2 tb Cornstarch
    1/4 c  Vinegar
      1 tb Soy sauce
      1 ea 15 oz. can pineapple chunks
      1 c  Strips, green pepper
      1 c  Thin onion rings
      1 tb Oil
      2 ea Boneless chicken breasts*
 
  *Cut into thin strips. In a medium bowl, combine sugar and cornstarch.
   Gradually stir in vinegar and soy sauce. Stir in pineapple, green
  pepper and onion, set aside.  Heat oil in wok. Add chicken and stir
  fry, just until tender, and chicken has turned white. Add pineapple
  and vegetable mixture; stir until well mixed. Cover and simmer over
  low heat 15 minutes. Cal: 314; Fat 7g.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUGE VALLEY CHICKEN STEW
 Categories: France, Poultry, Soups/stews
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lg Chicken, quartered
      2    Carrots, peeled and diced
      1    Shallot, sliced
      4    Pippin apples**
      1 lb White mushrooms, washed and
           -minced
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/4 c  Oil
      2    Onions - one sliced, one
           -studded with cloves
      1 c  Dry white wine
      1    Clove garlic
           Thyme leaves
           Bay leaves
           Salt and fresh ground black
           -pepper
      1 c  Creme fraiche or whipping
           -cream**
      1    Shot glass (1 Tablespoon)
           -Calvados**
      3    Egg yolks
 
  **For the apples I used Granny Smith's. For the creme fraiche or
  whipping cream, I used the whipping cream. For the Calvados - which
  would have been too expensive to use, even if I had located it over
  here, I substituted an apple flavored liqueur and just added a little
  brandy. (Calvados is a dry apple brandy from Calvados in Northern
  France - very good, but I couldn't find it locally) In a cast iron
  casserole, lightly brown the chicken in half the butter and 2
  Tablespoons oil. When all the pieces are nice and golden. add the
  carrots, shallots and the sliced onion and cook for a few minutes.
  Pour the white wine and 1 cup of water over the chicken, then add the
  clove studded onion and the garlic. Add some thyme leaves and bay
  leaves and season with salt and pepper. Cover and simmer over low
  heat for 40 minutes. (While this was cooking the 40 minutes, I peeled
  and minced the mushrooms - I know everyone tells me there is no need
  to peel the mushrooms, but I always do <g>) Remove the chicken from
  the heat, arrange the pieces of chicken in an ovenproof serving dish
  and keep warm. Pass the cooking liquid through a sieve. Set the
  vegetables aside and keep warm. Meanwhile melt the remaining butter
  in a skillet with the oil, add the apples and cook until just lightly
  brown on all sides. Remove the apples from the skillet and arrange
  them around the chicken. Keep the dish warm in the oven. Saute the
  mushrooms until they have lost all their juices. Set aside to add to
  the sauce. To make the sauce: Pour the strained cooking liquid into a
  saucepan and set over medium heat. With a whisk, beat in the cream,
  the calvados and the egg yolks in that order. Simmer in a double
  boiler until it has thickened to a light cream. Stir in the mushrooms
  and the vegetables, discarding the clove-studded onion. Adjust
  seasoning. Remove the dish from the oven, spoon some of the sauce
  over the chicken and pour the remaining sauce into a sauceboat and
  serve. From The Cookie Lady's Files
  
  Submitted By   O'LEARY'S
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUGUST CORN CHOWDER
 Categories: Corn, Chowder
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 c  Defatted chicken broth
      2    Corn ears, kernels removed,
           -cobs reserved and halved
           -crosswise (see note below)
      4    Fresh dill sprigs (including
           -stems)
           -PLUS
      2 tb Chopped fresh dill
      4    Red-skinned new potatoes,
           -unpeeled, cut into 1/4"
           -dice
      2 c  Low-fat plain yogurt
      3    Cucumbers, peeled, seeded
           -and cut into small dice
      1 sm Red bell pepper, cored,
           -seeded and cut into 1/4"
           -dice
           Coarsely ground black pepper
           -to taste
 
  Whenever cold soups call for chicken broth, be sure to defat it
  completely for best results. Also, black pepper is the only spice in
  this chowder, so freshly ground is a MUST.
  
  1. Place broth, corn cobs and dill sprigs in a heavy pot. Bring to a
  boil, reduce heat, simmer 10 minutes. Discard cobs and dill.
  
  2. Add potatoes to broth and cook for 8 minutes or until tender. Add
  corn kernels and cook 1 minute longer. Remove from heat; pour soup
  through a strainer, reserving vegetables and broth.
  
  3. Place yogurt and 2/3 of the diced cucumbers in the bowl of a food
  processor; pulse on and off just to combine ingredients (so some
  texture remains). With motor on, pour in 1 cup of reserved broth
  through feed tube and pulse machine on to just combine ingredients.
  Remove to a bowl. Save any leftover broth for another use.
  
  4. Stir in the reserved vegetables, remaining diced cucumber, bell
  pepper and chopped dill. Season with fresh black pepper. Refrigerate
  for up to 2 hours. Serve chilled.
  
  Per 1-cup serving: 212 calories, 2 grams fat, 5 milligrams
  cholesterol.
  
  NOTE: If you like, cut 3 more ears of corn (with kernels) into 1"
  lengths and cook separately for 2-3 minutes. Then divide corn between
  bowls and ladle soup on top.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUGUST GOERG'S GRILLED STEAK (SPIESSBRATEN AU
 Categories: Beef, German
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Shallot or small onion cut
           -into small pieces
           Freshly ground black pepper
      1 pn Mace
      1 lg Steak (just over 1 lb), at
           -least 1 1/4 inches
 
  ((Note:  Per Horst Scharfenberg, this recipe originated in the town of
  Idar-Oberstein in the 19 th century, when gemstone prospectors
  returning from South America created their own version of
  gaucho-grilled steaks. The dish was then further refined by
  Scharfenberg's mentor August Goerg. K.B.))
  
  Per person: thick, trimmed
  
  Mix together the shallot or onion with the pepper and mace. Insert a
  few shallot pieces into the steak using the point of a small knife.
  Coat the steak with the shallot mixture, pressing it in so it will
  adhere.
  
  Remove the loose shallot pieces and grill the steak (over a fire of
  oak logs, says August Goerg, from which the bark has been removed).*
  Take the steaks off the grill while they are still pink inside.
  Sprinkle them with salt.
  
  *Note:  A special grill is used, suspended with 3 chains from an iron
  tripod and constantly swinging through the flames.
  
  From:  THE CUISINES OF GERMANY by Horst Scharfenberg, Simon &
  Schuster/Poseidon Press, New York.  1989 Posted by: Karin Brewer,
  Cooking Echo, 8/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUGUSTA'S CHILLED TOMATO SOUP WITH BASIL CREA
 Categories: Soups, Vegetables, Appetizers, Kooknet
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Lightly Packed Fresh Basil
           -Leaves; coarsely chopped
    3/4 c  Heavy Cream
      2 c  Ripe Tomatoes; seeded,
           -peeled, and coarsely
           -chopped
      2 c  Chicken Stock
      2 c  Milk
      1 ts Honey
           Salt
           Ground Black Pepper
           Whole Basil Leaves
 
  Early in the day, put the chopped basil leaves in a small bowl. Scald
  the cream in a small saucepan and pour it over the basil. Let steep 1
  hour, then strain the cream and chill deeply. In a food processor,
  puree the chopped tomato, stock, milk and honey until very smooth.
  Transfer the puree to a bowl, and season with salt and pepper. Chill
  deeply. When ready to serve, whip the basil cream. Ladle the chilled
  soup into chilled glass cups or stemmed glasses. Dollop each serving
  with the whipped cream and top with a fresh basil leaf.
  
  Source: "Dairy Hollow House: Soup & Bread," by Crescent Dragonwagon
  Typed by Katherine Smith Kook-Net: The Shadow Zone IV - Stinson
  Beach, CA
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AULD ALLIANCE
 Categories: Cheese, Scottish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    350 g  Roquefort cheese
           Whisky
 
  This deceptively simple cheese cream from Overscaig in Sutherland is
  delicious served as a cream pate for the first course or at the end
  of a meal as a savoury.
  
  Pound the cheese to a thick cream. Add drop by drop as much whisky as
  it will 'drink' to make a firm cream.
  
  Pack into small earthenware pots and chill in the fridge for 3 to 4
  hours.
  
  Serve with hot buttered toast or oatcakes.
  
  From: Janet Warren, A Feast of Scotland, Lomond Books, 1993, ISBN
  1-85051-112-8
  
  Typed for you by Rene Gagnaux @ 2:301/212.19
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AULD REEKIE  COCK-A-LEEKIE
 Categories: Scot/irish, Soups/stews, Poultry
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           British measurements
      5 fl Single malt scotch whiskey
      4 pt Water
      1 tb Dried tarragon
      1 ts Brown sugar
      1    Boiling chicken; 3lb,
           .  giblets removed
      3    Rashers streaky bacon;
           .  chopped
      1 lb Shin of beef
      2 lb Leeks; sliced
      1 lg Onion; chopped
           Salt & pepper to taste
      8    Prunes; pre-soaked
 
  Mix the whiskey with the water, tarragon and sugar. Place the chicken,
  bacon and beef into a large bowl and pour the whiskey marinade over.
  Leave to marinate overnight. Next day, transfer mixture to a large
  soup pot. Add the leeks (reserving one) and the onion, and season to
  taste. Bring slowly to a boil, cover, and then simmer for 2 hours, or
  until the bird is tender. Skim off excess fat from the liquid. Remove
  the chicken from the pot, skin, remove bones and cut meat into pieces
  before returning to the pot (cut up the shin of beef, if necessary).
  Add the prunes and remaining sliced leek and simmer gently for 10-15
  minutes.
  
  "Scotch Whiskey Recipes"
  :     by  Jo Guthrie Jarrold Publishing, Norwich 1991 ISBN =
  0-7117-0553-4
  
  Scanned and formatted for you by  The WEE Scot  -- pol Mac Griogair
  
  From: Paul Macgregor                  Date: 06-15-96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT ANN'S CELERY SEED DRESSING
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 3 Cups
 
  1 1/4 c  Sugar
      2 ts Dry mustard
      2 ts Salt
      1 sm Onion, chopped fine
      2 c  Oil
      1 c  Vinegar
      2 ts Celery seed
      1    Garlic clove
 
  Mix all ingredients together. I use my blender then I don't have to
  chop the onions. This will keep several weeks in a jar with a plastic
  lid. Do not use a metal lid, since the vinegar will rust the lid.
  
  You can adjust the sugar and salt to suit your own taste. We find
  that 1 1/4 c sugar is too much, and so is 2 t of salt.
  
  The dressing is especially good on a fresh fruit or spinach salad.
  
  This recipe comes from my Husband's Aunt, Ann Mitchell.
  
  From Bobbie Beers
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT ANN'S ICE BOX ROLLS
 Categories: Blank
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      5 c  Flour
      1    Envelope dry yeast
    1/4 c  Luke-warm water
    1/3 c  Sugar
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Margarine
      1 c  Ice water or mixed with milk
 
  Dissolve dry yeast in the 1/4 cup luke-warm water. Mix all of the
  above, including the yeast/water mixture, until firm. Place in
  refrigerator over night. Next day, shape into round walnut-size
  balls. Put 3 balls in each cup of greased muffin pan. Let raise until
  higher than the top of the muffin pan. Bake at 350 degrees for 20
  minutes. Tops may be brushed with butter or margarine if desired. The
  unbaked dough can be kept in the refrigerator for 2 weeks.
  
  This is a recipe handed down on my MILs side of the family. Aunt Ann
  made them first, then Aunt Mary Mechling, and finally my MIL, Jo
  Beers.
  
  typos by bobbie beers
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT BUNNY'S STUFFING
 Categories: Fruits, Poultry, Holiday
      Yield: 999 Servings
 
      1    Apple, peel & dice
      1    Orange, peel & dice
      1 cn Crushed pineapple (lg)
    1/2    Lemon, juice of
      1 cn Waterchesnuts, sliced
      3 tb Preserved ginger
      2 ts Dry mustard
    1/4 c  Parsley, chopped
      4    Garlic cloves, minced
    1/2 ts Corriander
      1 tb Poultry seasoning
      4    Onions (lg), diced
      2 ts Carroway seeds
      2 ts Poppy seeds
  2 1/2 ts Oregano
      1    Bay leaf
      3 ts Celery seed
      1 ts Pepper
    1/2 ts Mace
    1/4 ts Cloves
    1/2 ts Majoram
    1/2 ts Savory
      6    Celery stalks, diced
           Salt, to taste
      3    Stuffing crumbs, Lg bags
      1 lb Pork sausage, bulk
    1/4 c  Butter
 
  Take first 6 and mix together in Bowl # 1.  Take crumbs, sausage (yes
  raw) and butter mix together in Bowl # 3. Mix the rest together in
  Bowl # 2. Blend Bowl # 1 with Bowl # 2. Mix in Bowl # 3. Stuff
  turkey. Best when used with Bacon- Studded Turkey and Green Pepper
  Gravy.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT CAROL'S OATMEAL LACE COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
      1 c  Oats, rolled; quick-cooking
      1 c  Sugar
      2 ts Flour
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Vanilla
      8 oz Butter; melted
      1    Egg; beaten
 
  Mix all the dry ingredients together, and add the liquids and mix.
  Refrigerate 24 hours.  Heat oven to 325 F. Line cookie sheets with
  aluminum foil, and drop dough on in small spoonfuls, leave 2" between
  each. Bake 11 minutes.
  
                                          --- per Susan Stamberg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT CISSIE'S BANANA CREAM PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Serving
 
      1 c  Sugar
      3 tb Cornstarch
      2 c  Milk, scalded
      2    Eggs separated
    1/2 ts Vanilla
           Bananas
           Vanilla Wafers
 
  Put sugar, cornstarch, salt and 1-3/4 cups of milk in heavy sauce
  pan. Cook until firm.  Add egg yolks to remaining 1/4 cup of milk and
  mix well together.  Add to hot mixture. Cook until eggs are done. Add
  vanilla. Pour over crumbled vanilla wafers and sliced bananas. Cover
  with whole cookies. Cool and serve. Note: You have to stir this all
  the time it is cooking. This can be doubled if you want.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT CLARABELLE'S PINEAPPLE CREAM PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Pie shell, 9"; baked
           -(deep dish)
      2 c  Milk
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
      1 tb Cornstarch; heaping
      1 tb Flour; heaping
      1 pn Salt
      1 ts Vanilla
     16 oz Pineapple, crushed; drained
 
  Combine everything except the vanilla and pineapple and cook over
  medium heat, stirring constantly until thick. Remove from the heat
  and add the pineapple and vanilla. Pour into the shell after cooling
  slightly.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT CORA'S BISCUITS
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Sifted Unbleached Flour
      3 ts Baking Powder
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Baking Soda *
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 c  Shortening, Melted
  1 1/2 c  Sourdough Starter
 
  *   More Baking Soda may be added if the starter if very sour. Place
  flour in bowl, add starter in a well, then add melted shortening and
  dry ingredients. Mix lightly and turn out onto a lightly floured
  board and knead until the consistency of bread dough, or of a satiny
  finish. Pat or roll out dough to 1/2 inch thickness, cut and put on a
  greased pan. Coat all sides of biscuits with melted butter. Let rise
  over boiling water for 1/2 hour.  Bake at 425 degrees F for 15 to 20
  minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT CORA'S SOURDOUGH BISCUITS *
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Sifted Unbleached Flour
      3 ts Baking Powder
      1 ts Salt
  1 1/2 ts Baking Soda *
      2 tb Sugar
    1/4 c  Shortening, Melted
  1 1/2 c  Sourdough Starter
 
  *   More Baking Soda may be added if the starter if very sour. Place
  flour in bowl, add starter in a well, then add melted shortening and
  dry ingredients. Mix lightly and turn out onto a lightly floured
  board and knead until the consistency of bread dough, or of a satiny
  finish. Pat or roll out dough to 1/2 inch thickness, cut and put on a
  greased pan. Coat all sides of biscuits with melted butter. Let rise
  over boiling water for 1/2 hour.  Bake at 425 degrees F for 15 to 20
  minutes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT EFFIE'S SPECIAL
 Categories: Digest, Oct.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    15 oz can stewed tomatoes
      1 sm Can Rotel diced
           Pepper/tomatoes
      1    15 oz can French-cut green
           Beans
      1    15 oz can mushrooms stems
           And pieces
      2 tb Italian seasoning
    1/2 ts Garlic powder
 
  Mix it all together in a big saucepan, bring to a boil and simmer for
  half hour or so.  Serve it over spiral pasta (fusilli) and top with
  FF parmesan. Delicious!
  
  Posted by Martin Lastinger <lastingr@netcom.com> to the Fatfree Digest
  [Volume 11 Issue 12], Oct. 12, 1994. FATFREE Recipe collections
  copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission. Formatted by
  Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT ELLEN'S CORNISH PASTIES
 Categories: English, Meats, Beef, Pies, Jw
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
           Recipe
 
  AUNT ELLEN NOTT'S CORNISH PASTY RECIPE Aunt Ellen was born in 1851
  and was 85 years old when she taught me [Mabel Weller] (in Cornwall
  1938) to make pasties. I like to think that she had been taught by
  her mother. The ingredients are simple: pie crust, cubed round steak,
  onions and potatoes, salt and pepper. Turnip or leeks can be used for
  a change of flavour. All ingredients are raw. Roll out pie crust and
  cut into rounds or ovals about the size of a butter plate. On one
  half of the pie crust arrange, in this order, a few slices of potato,
  a layer of onion, a pile of steak and the salt and pepper. Moisten
  the edge of the crust around the filling, and fold the bare crust
  over. Seal the edge very well or the onion juices will run out and
  make the pasty stick to the baking dish. Cut two vents in the top.
  Bake at 400 F for about an hour. Modern pasties seem to be made with
  leftovers: ground up cooked meat and left over assorted vegetables
  mixed together in a pastry which is joined in a thick roll at the
  top. This was reported by recent visitors to the U.K.
  
  from: Mabel Weller
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT ELSIE'S HOT DOG BAR B QUE SAUCE
 Categories: Sandwiches
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Chopped onion
      1 tb Fat
  1 1/4 c  Catsup
      2 tb Pickle relish
      1 tb Sugar
      1 tb Vinegar
    1/4 ts Salt
           Pepper to taste
 
  Saute onion in fat until tender.  Combine rest of ingredients in
  skillet with onion.  Cut hotdogs 3 or 4 times but not all the way
  through (about a fourth of the way). Place in sauce and simmer until
  plump and hot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT ESSIE'S ICED TEA [NA]
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3 qt Water
      1 c  Sugar
     12    Decaffeinated tea bags
    1/2 c  Fresh orange juice
    1/2 c  Fresh lemon juice
      5    Sprigs of fresh mint
 
  Bring water to a boil in saucepan; add teabags. Steep for 10 minutes;
  discard tea bags. Combine sugar, orange juice and lemon juice in large
  glass bowl. Stir in tea; add mint. Let stand for 30 mniutes; discard
  mint. Chill until serving time.
  
  Source: Great Recipes from Great Gardeners
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT EVA'S FAST BUTTER CAKE
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
  :          batter:
        1 c  cream
        1 c  sugar
        1 pk vanillaed sugar (about 1
  :          TS)
        4    eggs
        2 c  flour
        1 pk baking powder (about 3/4
  :          TS)
        1 pn salt
  :          lemon peel
  :          topping:
      1/2 c  butter
        1 c  sugar
        1 pk vanilla sugar
        4 tb milk
      200 gm slivered almonds
  
  Pour cream into a mixing bowl, add sugar, vanilla sugar and eggs and
  stir. Add flour, baking powder and salt and mix well. Pour the batter
  onto a large cookie sheet covered with wax paper. Bake for 10 minutes
  at 180 C =350 F. For the topping melt the butter over slow heat, stir
  in sugar, vanilla sugar and milk, finally the almonds. Spread the
  topping over the pre-baked dough, bake for 10-15 minutes more until
  topping is golden brown.
  
  Take from the oven and cut into squares.
  
  Recipe By     : essen & trinken
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT EVELYN'S DIVINITY
 Categories: Candies
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Water
    1/2 c  White Karo Syrup
      1 ts Vanilla
      2    Egg whites, beaten
           Chopped walnuts
 
  Boil sugar, water, anbd Karo syrup unti it forms a soft ball whien
  treid in cold water.  Beat egg whites till stiff and slowly add 1/2
  of syrup mixture, beating constantly. Cook remainder until if forms a
  hard ball in cold water and add slowly to first mixture. Beat until
  stiff. Add vanilla and walnuts. Pour onto buttered pan or platter.
  Cut when cool. Cook in clear weather -- low humidity.
  
  Aunt Evelyn often made this as a treat for the girls. Bumgarner Family
  Recipes sumbitted by the Aunt Evelyn's daughters
  
  posted by Bud Cloyd
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT FRANCES' LEMONADE
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 1 Gallon
 
      5    Lemons
      5    Limes
      5    Oranges
      3 qt Water
  1 1/2    To 2 cups sugar
 
  Squeeze the juice from 4 of the lemons, limes and oranges; pour into a
  gallon container. Thinly slice the remaining fruit and set aside for
  garnish. Add water and sugar to juices; mix well. Store in the
  refrigerator. Serve on ice with fruit slices.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT FRANNY'S CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3 pk Cream cheese
      1 c  Granulated sugar
      5    Eggs
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 pt Sour cream
    1/2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla
  1 1/2 c  Graham cracker crumbs
      3 tb Sugar
    1/4 c  Margarine
 
  CRUST: 1 1/2 c. graham cracker crumbs, 3 T. sugar, 1/4 cup margarine.
  Mix and pour in 13x9x2 pan. FILLING: Cream cheese, add eggs, one at a
  time; mix thoroughly. Add 1 cup sugar and and 1 1/2 t. vanilla. Pour
  over graham cracker crust. Bake at 300 for one hour. Cool for 5
  minutes. TOPPING: Mix 1 1/2 pts. sour cream, 1/2 c sugar, and 1 1/2 t
  vanilla together. Pour over baked cheesecake.  Bake an additional 5
  minutes in oven, set overnight. Serve cherry pie filling as topping
  on the side. Cherries might be too rich for some people so this
  enables anyone who wants them to add them individually.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT GIN'S VEGETABLE SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Vegetables
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1 lb Flank steak cut up
           -(or similar cut)
      2    Potatoes; chopped
      1 qt Canned tomatoes
      1 pt Canned corn
      1 pt Canned green beans
      1    Onion, chopped
      2 c  Chopped cabbage
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Celery
           Salt & pepper to taste
 
  Combine in crockpot.(you may not need all the juice from the corn &
  gr. beans) Cook on low at least 8-10 hours. You can use home canned
  or store bought vegetables. Walt MM
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT HANNAH'S LEBKUCHEN
 Categories: Penndutch, Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      4 ea Egg
      1 lb Brown sugar
  1 1/2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Cloves
    3/4 c  Raisins
    3/4 c  Nuts, chopped
    3/4 c  Wine
      1 x  *or:
    3/4 c  Coffee
 
  Beat the eggs well. Add sugar, cloves and cinnamon. Sift flour three
  times, add the baking powder and sift into the egg mixture
  alternately with the wine (or substituted coffee). Mix nuts and
  raisins together and sprinkle with 2 Tbsp of flour. Add to mixture
  and beat thoroughly. Pour batter in flat, greased pans and bake at
  400-F about 15 minutes. Source: Pennsylvania Dutch Cook Book - Fine
  Old Recipes, Culinary Arts Press, 1936.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT HILDA'S HEALTH MUFFINS
 Categories: Breads, Quick
      Yield: 24 Muffins
 
  2 1/4 c  AM Wheat Bran
      2 c  Milk or soy milk
      2    Eggs or egg replacer
    1/4 c  AM Unrefined Vegetable Oil
    1/2 c  Honey (or less to taste)
  2 1/2 c  AM Multi Blend Flour
  2 1/2 tb Non-alum baking powder
      1 ts Sea salt (optional)
      1 ts Cinnamon
  1 1/2 c  Raisins
    3/4 c  Chopped walnuts or pecans
           -- (optional)
 
  In a large mixing bowl combine the bran, milk, eggs, oil and honey.
  In a second bowl, combine all the remaining ingredients. Add the dry
  mixture to the liquid and mix thoroughly. Fill oiled muffin tins.
  Bake in 350 F. oven for 30 minutes, or until tops are lightly
  browned. Cool on a rack. When thoroughly cooled, store covered in
  refrigerator or freezer. Makes 24 large muffins.
  
  Oat Bran Variation: To make Aunt Hilda's bran muffins, follow recipe
  above with these simple changes:
  
  a) Substitute 2-1/2 cups of oat bran for the wheat bran. b) Increase
  the honey to 3/4 cup.
  
  Everything else is the same.
  
  Source: Arrowhead Mills "Multi Blend Flour Recipes" tri-fold
  Reprinted by permission of Arrowhead Mills, Inc. Electronic format
  courtesy of: Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT JEAN'S YULE CAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 c  Shelled whole Brazil nuts
  1 1/2 c  Walnut halves
      1 pk (8 oz) pitted dates
      6 oz Candied pineapple
      6 oz Red cherries
      6 oz Green cherries
    1/2 c  Raisins
    3/4 c  Unbleached flour
    3/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Salt
      3 ea Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
 
  Oil bottom of 5 x 10-inch loaf pan; line bottom with waxed paper, oil
  paper.  Stir together Brazil nuts, walnuts, dates, pineapple,
  cherries, and raisins. Measure flour, sugar, baking powder and salt
  into a sifter. Sift over fruits and nuts; mix well.  In a separate
  bowl, beat eggs until light and fluffy; add vanilla. Blend into nut
  mixture. Batter will be quite stiff.  Spoon mixture into loaf pan.
  Bake at 300 degrees for 1 3/4 hours. Cool for ten minutes.  Loosen
  around edges and turn onto cooling rack; remove wax paper. Cool
  completely before slicing. Cake will store well in refrigerator.  For
  long storage, wrap in cheesecloth that has been dipped in brandy.
  Makes 1 cake
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT JEMIMA MAPLE SYRUP
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 c  Water
      1 c  Sugar
      2 c  Dark corn syrup
    1/4 ts Salt
      1 ts Maple flavoring
 
  1) Combine first 4 ingreds. in saucepan over med. heat. 2) Stir
  occasionally, until mixture comes to full boil. Let it boil for 7
  min. 3) Turn off heat and let syrup cool for 15 min. 4) Add the maple
  flavoring and stir. 5) When completely cool, transfer syrup to a
  covered plaxtic or glass container.
  
  Yield:  1 qt.
  
  The year 1989 marked the 100th anniversary of the Aunt Jemima
  trademark. The name was conceived in 1889 by Chris Rutt while he was
  attending a vaudeville show and watching a New Orleans-style dance
  number performed to a jazzy tune called "Aunt Jemima."  Rutt liked
  the music so much he stuck the name on his products. The syrup came
  along much later, in 1964, and is now the country's largest selling
  syrup.
       Today some folks tell the story of how their friends or
  relatives one met Aunt Jemima many years ago and how she was a kind a
  cordial woman. Little do they realize these people were fooled by a
  promo. campaign for the broducts back in the 40's & 50's that used
  actresses traveling from town to town dressed up and acting like the
  "famous woman." There never really was an Aunt Jemima. ~--from "Top
  Secret Recipes" by Todd Wilbur
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT JENNY'S COCONUT CREAM PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      1 c  Milk
      1 c  Light (coffee) cream
      3 tb All-purpose flour
      1 tb Cornstarch
      2    Eggs, seperated
      1 ts Vanilla
      1 c  Flaked coconut, divided
      1    Baked pie shell, 9 inch

MMMMM--------------------------MERINGUE-------------------------------
      2    Egg White (reserved from
           -Filling list
      6 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
 
  Scald milk and cream (heat until bubbles form at edges in the top of a
  double boiler, over simmering water. In a small bowl, combine flour,
  cornstarch, sugar and salt; mix thoroughly. Add to milk and cook 15
  minutes, stirring constantly.  Mixture should be thick and smooth.
  Lightly whisk egg yolks in a small bowl. Continue whisking while
  pouring 1/4 cup hot milk mixture over yolks; return yolk mixture to
  double boiler and cook one minute longer. Cool and add vanilla and
  1/2 cup coconut. Pour filling into pre-baked pie shell. Top with
  meringue and and sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup coconut over top. Bake in
  preheated 325-degree oven 15 or until firm and delicately browned.
  Cool and store in refrigerator. MERINGUE DIRECTIONS: In a large
  mixing bowl, beat whites until stiff but not dry. Add sugar
  gradually, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating constantly. Add vanilla.
  Pile lightly onto hot filling in baked pie shell and spread to edges
  so pie is completely sealed. Bake as directed above.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT JULIA'S PAELLA
 Categories: Pork, Chicken, Seafood, Spanish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1    Chicken, cut up (Or 4 thighs
           -and legs)
           Salt and pepper to thaste
      1 lb Lean pork, cut into 1-inch
           -cubes
      1 md Onion, minced
      2    Toes garlic, minced
           Cut into 1 1/2 inch julliene
           -strips:
    1/2 lg Bell pepper
      1 lg Carrot
      1    Stalk celery
      1 c  Frozen green peas
  1 1/2 lb Peeled shrimp
  1 3/4 oz Jar sliced pimento
      2 ts Capers, with juice
      4 oz Jar pimento-stiffed green
           -olives
    1/2 lb Calamari (squid), cleaned
           -and sliced
      5 c  Water
      4    Chicken bouillon cubes
      1 ts Saffron threads
  2 1/2 c  Uncle Ben's (c) rice,
           -uncooked
      3    Hard boiled eggs, sliced
    1/2 lb Unpeeled shrimp (heads on)
           Oil for frying
 
  In a large electric skillet or paella pan, brown the chicken pieces
  (that have been seasoned with salt and pepper) in a little oil.
  Remove from the pan.  Add the pork cubes to the drippinfs and brown
  for about 5 minutes. Remove from the pan.  To the pan drippings (add
  a little more oil if necessary) add the onion, garlic, bell pepper,
  celery and carrot. Stir-fry for 2 minutes. Add the peas, peeled
  shrimp, pimentos, capers, chicken, calamari and pork. Stir.  In a
  separate pot, bring the 5 cups of water to a boil; stir in the
  bouillon cubes and saffron. Let it stand for 5 minutes until
  dissolved. Gently stir the rice into the skillet mixture. Slowly pour
  in enough of the bouillon mixture to cover the rice and chicken
  pieces. Cover and cook over low heat for about 20 minutes. Uncover and
  decoaratively arrange the egg slices and raw unpeeled shrimp on the
  top. (Add more broth as necessary to keep the rice moist. Cover and
  steam for another 10 minutes until the shrimp are cooked and the rice
  is tender. (Paella should be moist but not wet!) Place the pan on a
  hot pad on the serving table and let everyone help themselves. Serve
  with a mixed green salad, red ripe tomatoes and some French bread.
  Also mix up a pitcher of Sangria and enjoy!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT JULIE'S STRAWBERRY ROLL
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------LISA CRAWLEY-----------------------------
      4    Eggs;separated
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
    3/4 c  Flour
    1/4 ts Salt
      2 tb Cold Water
 
  Whip egg whites stiff and add 1/2 of the sugar. Beat egg yolks til
  thick and add rest of sugar, cold water, vanilla and salt. Fold egg
  yolk mixture into egg white. Slowly add flour and baking powder and
  pour batter into oblong pan.  Bake at 375 for 12-15 min. Beginning at
  narrow end, roll up in a tea towel and allow to cool. Spread w/
  whipped cream topped w/ fresh cut strawberries. Flute top w/ whipped
  cream and decorate w/ mint leaves and fresh strawberries... EXCELLANT!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT LILLIE'S LAKE SHORE DINNER
 Categories: Casseroles, Main dish, Pork, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Pork, cubed
    1/2 lb Beef, cubed
    1/2 lb Sharp Cheddar, grated
    1/2 lb Noodles, cooked & drained
      1 cn Cream of mushroom soup
      1 cn Cream of chicken soup
    1/2 c  Water
    1/2    Green pepper, chopped
    1/2 cn Pimento (small can) drained
      1 tb Oleo
 
  Brown meat using oleo.  Remove meat from skillet and scrape skillet
  with 1/2 cup water, add water to other ingredient and mix. Add
  mixture to a pyrex dish and bake at 400 degrees for 10 minutes.
  Reduce heat heat to 325 degrees and bake for an additional 1 hour.
  Top with crushed potato chips.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT LISL'S BUTTER COOKIES
 Categories: Miamiherald, Desserts, Ethnic, Jewish, Hannukah
      Yield: 48 Cookies
 
MMMMM-----------------FORMATTED BY LISA CRAWFORD----------------------
    1/2 lb Unsalted butter or margarine
           -softened (2 sticks)
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs
      1 tb Brandy(opt)
        ds Vanilla
  3 1/2 c  Flour
      1    Egg yolk
           Chopped nuts and raisins or
           -1 egg white
           Coarse sugar coloured with
           -blue food colouring
 
  In a bowl, cream butter and sugar.  Then mix in the eggs, brandy,
  salt, vanilla, and flour.  Let rest for at least 30 minutes in the
  refrigerator. Roll out the dough to 1/8-inch thick. Preheat oven to
  350 degrees. You can either use cookie cutters or use a toothpick or
  knife to cut cookies out in any shapes you want. Place gently on
  baking sheet. Then either brush with egg yolk or spinkle with nuts
  and raisins or brush with egg white and sprinkle with  blue sugar.
  Bake for about 10 minutes or until golden brown. Use a metal spatula
  to gently remove each cookie from the baking sheet to a cooling rack
  or flat plate.
  
  Nutritional info per cookie: 83 cal; 1g pro, 10g carb, 4g fat(46%),
  .2g fiber, 24mg chol, 10mg sodium
  
  Source: Miami Herald, 12/14/95
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT LURA'S OATMEAL COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Shortening, melted
      3 c  Oats
      2 c  Flour
      2 c  Sugar
      1 c  Raisins
      5 tb Milk
      1 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Soda
      1 ds Salt
 
  Rich, this is an old favorite of mine, from my great-grandmother.
  Thought everyone would enjoy it.  I love them, and so does the rest
  of my family. They were always part of Christmas baking for us.
  
  Preheat oven to 375 degrees.  Combine shortening, oats, flour, sugar,
  raisins, milk, cinnamon, soda and salt. It should stick together when
  you squeeze a small amount in your hand. Drop small amounts on sheet.
  Bake 10 minutes.
  
  Hope you try them, they are the best I've ever tasted, though I'm
  probably biased.
  
  Reposted By Ellen Cleary
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT MARG'S PRESSED BEEF
 Categories: Meats, Seasonings, Spreads, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 lb Beef (inexpensive cut)
      1    Meaty soup bone
      1    Onion; peeled & quartered
      1    Carrot; quartered
      1    Bay leaf
      1 ts Salt
           ;Water to cover
      1 tb Mixed whole pickling spices
           -- tied in cheesecloth bag
      1 cn Beef consomme or
           Rich beef stock
      3 tb Unflavored gelatin
 
  The author writes:  "Spread on hot buttered toast, this protein-rich
  snack is ideal for chilled skiers or skaters. Blade steaks, blade
  roast, cross rib roast and stewing beef are all suitable cuts."
  
  Place beef (bones, fat and all) into a large, heavy stockpot with the
  soup bone, onion, carrot, bay leaf and salt. Cover with cold water
  and bring to the boil, uncovered. Skim off any foam and cook two
  hours or more (until beef falls off the bone).  Cover pot; let stand
  in a cool place overnight to solidify fat. Next day, skim off and
  discard fat, along with carrots, onions and bay leaf.  Remove meat
  from bones and discard bones. Shred beef with a knife.  Return
  shredded meat to stock in the pot; place over high heat.  Add
  pickling spices (tied in bag) and let come to a boil. Add consomme.
  Once stock is boiling, add gelatin. Stir and let simmer another 1
  minute.
  
  Spoon stock plus beef into a large mold or ceramic bowl (or two
  smaller ones) and let sit in refrigerator, several hours or overnight.
  
  Good with hot mustard, salt and pepper.  Keeps well, refrigerated, 1
  week.
  
  Yield:  6 to 8 servings.
  
  From _Nancy Enright's Canadian Herb Cookbook_ by Nancy Enright.
  Toronto: James Lorimer & Company, 1985.  Pg. 14. ISBN 0-88862-788-2.
  Posted by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT MARY'S HOT PEPPERS
 Categories: Pickles
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Hot peppers, (long fryers)
           Olive oil
      3    To 4 cloves garlic,
           -(chopped)
      1 sm Can Italian plum tomatoes
 
  Salt
  
  Remove stem and seeds from peppers. <-(CAUTION)-> WEAR RUBBER GLOVES
  AND/OR WASH HANDS AFTER.
  
  Saute peppers and garlic in oil for about 10 minutes. Crush 2-3
  tomatoes with fork and add to fry pan. Saute for another 20 minutes.
  Season with salt.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT MAY'S PICKLED GREEN TOMATOES
 Categories: Tomatoes, Pickles, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
     15 lb (2 gal) Green Tomatoes *
      1 c  Pickling Salt
    1/2 tb Powdered Alum
      2 qt Boiling Water
      2 c  Cider Vinegar
      5 c  Sugar
      2 ea Stick Cinnamon
      1 x  Handful Cloves
 
  *   Green tomatoes should be fresh picked and sliced.
  ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~----------------- Arrange the tomatoes in layers in a large bowl or
  pickle crock, sprinkling the salt between the layers. Let stand
  overnight. The next day, drain, sprinkle with the alum, and pour the
  boiling water over them. Let stand for 20 minutes. Drain, rinse, and
  drain again. In an enamel or stainless stell preserving kettle
  combine cider vinegar, sugar and the spices, tied in a cheesecloth
  bag. (The spice bag should be kept in the syrup right up to the very
  end.)  Bring to a boil, stirring until sugar is dissolved and boil
  rapidly for 3 minutes. Pour the syrup over the tomatoes and let stand
  overnight.  Next day, drain off syrup and bring to a boil. Pour over
  tomatoes and let stand again overnight. On the fourth day, put syrup
  and tomatoes into the kettle, bring to a boil and simmer until the
  tomatoes are transparent.  Pack the tomatoes into hot jars. Boil the
  syrup until it becomes quite thick or spins a long thread. Remove the
  spice bag and pour the syrup over the fruit, filling the jars and
  seal. Makes 8 Quarts.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT MILDRED'S NOODLE KUGEL
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Butter
      8 oz Noodles, uncooked
      3    Eggs, beaten
      4 oz Cottage cheese
      2 c  Milk
    1/3 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 ts Vanilla extract
     12 oz Pineapple, crushed,
           -with juice
           Cornflake crumbs, to top
 
  Melt butter in a 9x13 pan.  Add noodles.
  
  Combine remaining ingredients, except crumbs, spread evenly over
  noodles. Top with crumbs. Bake at 350 degrees F. for about an hour.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Noodle kugel using uncooked noodles -- This recipe is interesting
  because you don't cook the noodles first. Yield: Serves 6.
  
  *  This recipe is very simple, but it does taste a little pastier than
  recipes that require the noodles to be cooked first. It also comes
  out very flat -- most of the kugel recipes I've made in the past use
  twice as many noodles in the same size pan. I found that some of the
  things can be increased, i.e., add more noodles, more pineapple, more
  cottage cheese.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  5 minutes preparation, 1 hour cooking.
  : Precision:  no need to measure.
  
  : susan@sftig.UUCP (S.Eisen)
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
  : AT&T Bell Laboratories, Summit, NJ
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT NELLIE'S SOUR CREAM RAISIN PIE
 Categories: Pies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Sour cream
      1 c  Sugar
      1 c  Raisins
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
      2    Beaten eggs
           Pie crust
 
  Pour boiling water over raisins and let stand 15-20 minutes. Pour
  off. Pour sugar and cinnamon over raisins. Mix well. Add eggs and
  sour cream.
  
  Pour into bottom crust and make a lattice top crust. Bake for 15
  minutes at 375F or until crust is brown.
  
  From:  Pat's Great-Aunt Nellie's recipe collection (1992)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT PAJAMA'S PANCAKE MIX
 Categories: Mix, Seafood
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           WALDINE VAN GEFFEN
           VGHC42A-----
           THE MIX-----
      2 c  Self-rising flour
      2 c  Bisquick
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Non-dairy creamer powder
           TO USE THE MIX-----
      1    Egg
      8 oz 7-up
  1 3/4 c  Prepared pancake mix
 
  THE MIX-In an 8-cup container, stir together flour, Bisquick, sugar
  and creamer. Cover tightly. Refrigerate mix to use within 3 months.
  Makes 7 cups of mix. TO USE-Into blender,put egg, 7-up and prepared
  pancake mix. Blend at high speed until smooth, 1 minute. Allow 1/3 c
  batter for each 6" pancakes. Makes 8 pancakes. Source: Gloria
  Pitzer's Secret Recipe Newsletter.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT POLLY'S SWEET POTATO CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casseroles
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 lb Sweet potatoes, boiled,
           -peeled, and mashed
      2    Eggs, beaten
      2 oz Margarine, melted
    1/2 c  Brown sugar
      1 c  Buttermilk
    1/4 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Nutmeg and cinnamon
 
  Combine all ingredients and mix well.  Will be very soupy. Bake at
  350F for 1 hour.  Yields about 10 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT RO'S COLESLAW
 Categories: Vegetables, Salads
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PHILLY.INQUIRER---------------------------
      2 tb SUPER FINE SUGAR
      2 lb CABBAGE
    1/2 ts CELERY SEED
      1 c  MAYONNAISE
    1/2 ts SALT
      1 c  SOUR CREAM
           PINCH WHITE PEPPER
      2 tb VINEGAR
 
    CUT CABBAGE INTO QUARTERS.CUT OUT CORE.SLICE CABBAGE INTO LONG,THIN
  SLICES.MIX MAYONNAISE,SOUR CREAM,VINEGAR,SUGAR,CELERY SEED,SALT AND
  PEPPER IN A LARGE BOWL.ADD SHREDDED CABBAGE And toss LIGHTLY.MAKES
  THREE QUARTS.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT ROSE'S MARDI GRAS DOUGHNUTS
 Categories: Cajun, Breads, Breakfast
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Flour
      2 tb Sugar
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 c  Milk
      2    Eggs
      1 pn Salt
      1 ts Pure vanilla extract
           Oil for deep frying
           Powdered sugar
 
  { Submitted by Alcee-Hymet Family }
  
  Mix the flour, sugar and baking powder together in a bowl. Make a
  well in the middle and add the eggs, milk, salt and vanilla. Beat
  these together and gradually work on the flour. Roll out on a floured
  board to about 1/4 inch or a little thinner if preferred.
  
  Cut the dough into 2 x 4-inch strips and simply make 3 or 4 slits in
  the center of each.  Fry in deep oil until golden brown. Sprinkle
  with powdered sugar.
  
  HINT:  These will be firmer than doughnuts.
  
  Yield: approximately 18 to 20.
  
  [ The Legends of Louisisna Cookbook; Sheila Ainbinder; ISBN
  0-671-70817-1 ]
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT RUBY'S FRESH TOMATO RELISH
 Categories: Condiment
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 c  Tomatoes, peeled, seeded,
           -and chopped
    1/2 c  Onion, chopped
    1/2 c  Green pepper, chopped
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Vinegar
      1 ts Celery seed
      1 ts Salt
    1/8 ts Pepper
 
  1.  In a medium bowl, combine tomatoes, onion, and green pepper.
  
  2.  In a small bowl, combine sugar, vinegar, celery seed, salt, and
      pepper.  Stir to dissolve the sugar.  Pour over tomato mixture;
  toss.
      Cover and chill till serving time.
  
                               Makes 4 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT RUTH PACKARD'S POTATO CHIP COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 5 Dozen
 
      2    Sticks of butter
    1/2 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 c  Crushed potato chips
    1/2 c  Chopped nuts
      2 c  Flour
 
  Heat oven to 350 degrees.  Mix margarine and sugar and vanilla. Add
  crushed potato chips and nuts mixed with flour. Roll into balls about
  the size of a walnut and place on ungreased cookie sheet. Flatten
  down with a glass that has been dipped into sugar.  Bake for 14-16
  minutes. Makes approximately 5 dozen cookies
  
  From Dottie Theriault's collection
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT SADIE'S BRISKET OF BEEF
 Categories: Main dish, Beef, Jewish, Holiday
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3    Large onions*
      8    Whole allspice
           Salt and pepper
           Garlic powder
           Hungarian paprika
 
  5,6     lb brisket; 1st cut *Sliced paper thin (3 is not a typo) >>>
  The following is my favorite brisket recipe and it really does come
  from my Aunt Sadie's kitchen: Remove any excess fat from brisket, but
  leave a little on top. Place one half of the onions on bottom of pan.
  Season the onions with a little salt, pepper, garlic powder and lots
  of Hungarian paprika. Place brisket on top of onions, then other half
  of onions and allspice on top of the brisket. Cover and roast in a
  300 degree F. oven for 3 hours.
   Test your brisket and when it is fork tender, take it out. Let it
  cool and then slice it very thin.  Strain juice and either thicken it
  with a little cornstarch or serve it au jus. You will have a very
  dark brown juice. NOTE: Best when made one day in advance.  Aunt
  Sadie almost always served this with savory noodle kugel. I also
  serve it with roasted, boiled or mashed potatoes.  Use a good
  roasting pan with a lit that fits well or covered with heavy duty
  aluminum foil.
   Spray pan and inside of lid with Pam.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT SADIE'S BRISKET OF BEEF *** (HGPS48A)
 Categories: Main dish, Beef, Jewish, Holiday
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 ea Large onions*
      8 ea Whole allspice
      1 x  Salt and pepper
      1 x  Garlic powder
      1 x  Hungarian paprika
 
  5,6     lb brisket; 1st cut *Sliced paper thin (3 is not a typo) >>>
  The following is my favorite brisket recipe and it really does come
  from my Aunt Sadie's kitchen: Remove any excess fat from brisket, but
  leave a little on top. Place one half of the onions on bottom of pan.
  Season the onions with a little salt, pepper, garlic powder and lots
  of Hungarian paprika. Place brisket on top of onions, then other half
  of onions and allspice on top of the brisket. Cover and roast in a
  300 degree F. oven for 3 hours.
   Test your brisket and when it is fork tender, take it out. Let it
  cool and then slice it very thin.  Strain juice and either thicken it
  with a little cornstarch or serve it au jus. You will have a very
  dark brown juice. NOTE: Best when made one day in advance.  Aunt
  Sadie almost always served this with savory noodle kugel. I also
  serve it with roasted, boiled or mashed potatoes.  Use a good
  roasting pan with a lit that fits well or covered with heavy duty
  aluminum foil.
   Spray pan and inside of lid with Pam.>> I serve this at Passover sans
  cornstarch and serve it any time I wish to serve something festive,
  special and easy. Enjoy, FROM: ANN PUCKETT (HGPS48A)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT SADIE'S FABULOUS CHOPPED LIVER "PINEAPPL
 Categories: Side dish, Appetizers, Jewish
      Yield: 25 Servings
 
      6 lb Fresh chicken livers
     12 ea Eggs; hard cooked
      1 ea Large apple; peeled
      3 ea Bermuda onions; chopped
      1 ea Bunch celery; (hearts only)
      1 x  Chicken fat
      1 ea Large pineapple
      1 ea Jar of lg pimento green oliv
      1 x  Salt and pepper to taste
 
  I just have to pass this along to you. I don't want you to prepare
  this bec none of us need the bad cholesterol ingredients. I just
  wanted you to have pleasure of reading it. Saute liver, one chopped
  onion, and celery in generous amount of chicken >> fat; cooking until
  liver is just done, with no pink showing, but while live are still
  soft. Put everything through a meat grinder, adding salt and pepper
  to taste. Bl well, adding chicken fat if necessary. Chill well. Cut
  the top off the pineapple and reserve top. Mold liver on a large
  servi tray, copying the fresh >>>>>> pineapple shape as closely as
  possible. Score diamond shapes and press olive slices into each
  diamond. Place pineapple top onto top of liver mold. Surround
  "Pineapple" with curly lettu buffet rye bread and cherry tomatoes.
  Boy, did this grandmother just go through some memories with tears
  and smil while reading and typing this.  I guess you can tell my
  cousin >>>>>> Barba Ann Greenfield Goldstein and myself, Ann
  Elizabeth Greenfield Puckett reall loved and adored our beloved Aunt
  Sadie. I feel honored that I have been able to send these recipes to
  you. From: ANN PUCKETT (HGPS48A)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT SADIE'S SAVORY KUGEL
 Categories: Side dish, Jewish, Holiday
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      6 c  Fine noodles;*
      1    Cube margarine
      3    Extra large eggs; beaten
    1/2 c  Sour cream
           Salt and pepper; to taste
 
  *cooked and drained 1 very large onion, finely diced This fine dish
  was made by my Aunt Sadie Jean Greenfield Gibrich in the "ol days"
  before we knew what cholesterol was. We used to saute the onion in 1
  cup pure rendered chicken fat.  Did this taste good!! Look for the
  fine noodles in the Jewish section of your supermarket. Preheat oven
  to 375 degrees. Pam Spray 9 x 13 inch pan.  (Pam is Barbara's Saute
  onion in fat until onion is clear> but not brown.  Add to cooked nood
  along with sour cream, eggs, salt and pepper. Transfer to sprayed
  casserol dish and bake 375 for about 40 minutes until set and lightly
  browned on top Good served with brisket of beef and sweet & sour red
  cabbage.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT SADIE'S SAVORY KUGEL *** (HGPS48A)
 Categories: Side dish, Jewish, Holiday
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      6 c  Fine noodles;*
      1 ea Cube margarine
      3 ea Extra large eggs; beaten
    1/2 c  Sour cream
      1 x  Salt and pepper; to taste
 
  *cooked and drained 1 very large onion, finely diced This fine dish
  was made by my Aunt Sadie Jean Greenfield Gibrich in the "ol days"
  before we knew what cholesterol was. We used to saute the onion in 1
  cup pure rendered chicken fat.  Did this taste good!! Look for the
  fine noodles in the Jewish section of your supermarket. Preheat oven
  to 375 degrees. Pam Spray 9 x 13 inch pan.  (Pam is Barbara's Saute
  onion in fat until onion is clear> but not brown.  Add to cooked nood
  along with sour cream, eggs, salt and pepper. Transfer to sprayed
  casserol dish and bake 375 for about 40 minutes until set and lightly
  browned on top Good served with brisket of beef and sweet & sour red
  cabbage.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT SUSIE'S NOODLE KUGEL
 Categories: Breakfast, Brunch, Cheese/eggs, Desserts, Pasta
      Yield: 8 - 10
 
      8 oz Spaghetti noodles; cooked &
           -drained
    1/4 c  Butter; melted
      1 lb Cottage cheese with
           -pineapple
      4    Egg
      1 pt Sour cream or yogurt
    1/2 c  Sugar (white)
      1 ts Vanilla extract
    1/4 c  Golden raisins

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      4 sl Pineapple; cut into quarters
      3 tb Sugar
      1 ts Cinnamon
 
  Mix all ingredients (except topping) together and pour into greased
  13x9 pan.  Lay pineapple quarters decoratively on the top. Bake at
  350 for 30 minutes. Sprinkle cinnamon and sugar mixture on top and
  bake for 30 minutes longer. Serve warm or cold. Refrigerate leftovers.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT SYBIL'S BLK WALNUT XMAS CAKE:::GWHP32A
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------------BARB DAY-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Butter
      4    Eggs; separated
      2 c  Flour; sifted
    3/4 ts Salt
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
      2 ts Baking powder
    1/2 c  Milk
      1 c  Black walnuts; fine chopped
 
  Cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy.  Beat in egg yolks all
  at once.  Add vanilla.  Sift dry ingredients together. Set aside 1
  cup of the dry ingredients. Add the remaining flour mixture and the
  milk in small portions, alternately, mixing well with each addition,
  starting and ending with an addition of the dry ingredients. Mix
  together, the reserved flour and the nuts, and stir into the batter,
  mixing just until blended. Beat the egg whites until stiff, but not
  dry. Fold them into the batter. Bake in a 9 X 5 X 3" greased and
  floured loaf pan, or 3 quart mold at 350 degrees about 50 to 60
  minutes, or until done.
   Frost with your favorite icing. From Barb Day's Database
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNT VELMA'S SHORTBREAD
 Categories: Cookies, Holiday, Scottish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Butter
    1/2 c  Sugar,icing
  2 1/2 c  Flour, all purpose - sifted
 
  Preheat oven to 350Fø. Place butter in bowl, should be at room
  temperature. Add icing sugar. work together with hands. Add flour.
  Keep working with hands till well mixed. Put the dough on a board and
  pat to 1/2" thickness. Cut in rectangles or fancy designs. Bake 20 ~
  25 minutes at 350Fø till brown on edges.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNTIE ANNE'S PRETZELS
 Categories: Breadmaker, Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
  1 1/2 ts Yeast
    1/2 ts Brown sugar
      1 ds Salt
  1 1/2 c  Water
      4 c  Bread flour
      2 ts Baking soda
      2 c  Warm water
    1/2 lb Butter
      2 tb Honey
           White sugar
           Brown sugar
 
  Mix yeast, brown sugar, dash of salt and 1 1/2 cups water.  Let sit
  for five minutes.  Add bread flour.  Knead well.  Let rise for about
  one hour.
   Take a piece of dough and roll and shape into a pretzel.  The
  easiest way to shape is to roll into a rope, whatever size you
  prefer. Pinch ends of rope then bring ends of rope to other side of
  circle. Mix baking soda and warm water.  Melt butter and mix with
  honey. Dip pretzels in baking soda and water mixture.  Bake at 550F
  for approximately 8 minutes. Sprinkle with white and brown sugar.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNTIE BABE'S CHEESE CAKE
 Categories: Desserts, Cakes
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
  1 2/3 c  Graham cracker crumbs
  1 1/2 ts Cinnamon
      2 tb Sugar
      6 tb Butter; melted

MMMMM--------------------------FILLING-------------------------------
      1 c  Sugar
      3    Eggs; beaten well
     24 oz Cream cheese; softened
    1/2 ts Vanilla

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      1 pt Sour cream
      3 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
 
  Combine crust ingredients and pat into bottom and sides of pan. Beat
  cream cheese thoroughly; add sugar gradually; add eggs in thirds; add
  vanilla; pour into prepared pan. Bake at 375 for 25 minutes; remove
  from oven and add topping. To prepare topping, whip sour cream; add
  sugar and vanilla, and pour over cake. continue baking at 500 for 5
  minutes. Important - chill at LEAST 24 hours.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNTIE LIN'S KILLER STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           Bisquick drop biscuits
           French vanilla ice cream
           Fresh sliced strawberries
           Fresh whipped cream
 
  This is a really easy dessert, loaded with calories, and not for the
  faint-of-heart!
  
  Make the bisquick drop biscuits as directed on the package, BUT add 1
  tb of sugar (or 2, if you like). Bake as directed.
  
  While still warm, cut in half and put the bottom half in a bowl.
  Cover with fresh strawberries (which you have marinated in 4 Tb sugar
  in the refrigerator for 2 days), add a scoop or two of French vanilla
  ice cream, and then top with the top layer of the biscuit.
  
  Now, cover with more strawberries and top with fresh whipped cream.
  
  Enjoy!
  
  Source: Linda Fields' homemade goodies Typed for you by; Linda Fields,
  Cyberealm BBS, Watertown, NY 1992 315-786-1120
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNTIE LIN'S PLUTO COFFEE
 Categories: Cyberealm, Beverages, Mom's best
      Yield: 1 Large cup
 
     12 oz Fresh ground coffee, prefer-
           =ably chocolate mint, or
           .swiss chocolate
      2 oz Or more 151 Rum
      1    Large scoop whipped cream
      1 oz HagenDaz Liqueur or Baileys
           .Irish Cream
      2 tb Chocolate syrup
 
  Fresh grind the coffee. We use either the swiss chocolate or the
  chocolate mint coffee. Brew.
  
  In a large mug, put the 2+ oz of 151 rum in the bottom (have a little
  to taste test if you wish!). Pour the hot coffee into the mug 3/4 of
  the way up. Add the HagenDaz or Bailey's Irish Cream. Stir. Top with
  the fresh whipped cream and drizzle chocolate syrup over all..
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNTIE RUTH'S WASH DAY BEANS***(NJMH36B)
 Categories: Soups, Vegetables, American
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 x  Canned tomatoes
      1 x  Clove garlic; finely chopped
      1 x  Ham bone
      1 x  Onion; sliced or chopped
      1 x  Worcestershire sauce
 
  This recipe for "Auntie Ruth's Wash Day beans***(NJMH36B) should
  appeal to many on the Forum and is a very flexible recipe. By trial &
  error you can fix the amounts of each ingredient to suit your own
  taste. Wash dried beans (my family likes baby limas or navy) Cook
  according to package directions.
   Then add: Simmer all day, adjusting ingredients to taste. Serve with
  chopped onions and corn bread for toppings. Nothing fancy-just Midwest
  good! FROM: ALICE JOHNSON (NJMH36B)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNTIE VAN'S CHRISTMAS COOKIES
 Categories: Cookies
      Yield: 72 Servings
 
      2 c  Granulated sugar
      1 c  Butter, softened
      2    Eggs
      1 ts Vanilla
      5 c  All-purpose flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Sour cream

MMMMM----------------------COFFEE FROSTING---------------------------
      1 tb Instant coffee granules
      1 tb Hot water
      6 tb Butter, softened
      1 ts Vanilla
      3 c  Sifted powdered sugar
    1/3 c  Whipping cream
 
  Beat granulated sugar and 1 cup butter in large bowl until light and
  fluffy. Blend in eggs and 1 teaspoon vanilla. Combine flour and baking
  soda; add alternately with sour cream, mixing well after each
  addition. Refrigerate 6 hours or overnight. Divide dough into 4
  pieces. Roll out 1 piece on lightly floured surface to 1/8" thickness
  (keep remaining dough refrigerated). Cut into desired shapes; place
  on ungreased cookie sheets. Bake at 375 for 10-12 minutes or until
  bottoms are golden brown. Repeat with remaining dough. Cool
  completely. Frost with Coffee Frosting.
  
  Makes 6 dozen cookies.
  
  COFFEE FROSTING: Dissolve coffee granules in water. Beat 6 tablespoons
  butter in medium bowl until soft. Stir in coffee mixture and 1
  teaspoon vanilla. Add powdered sugar; mix until well combined.
  Gradually add cream until good spreading consistency.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNTIE'S CHICKEN CASSEROLE
 Categories: Casseroles, Poultry
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 oz Macaroni, uncooked
      4    Eggs, hardboiled, chopped
      2 c  Chicken, cooked, chopped
      2 c  Milk
    1/2 lb Cheese, velveeta or preferen
      1 cn Cream of mushroom soup
      1 cn Cream of chicken soup
 
  Mix all the ingredients together and refrigerate overnight, be sure to
  cover.  take out 1 hour before cooking. Bake 1 hour at 350.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUNTY BETTY'S BOMBE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 c  Double cream
    1/3 c  Sugar
      4 tb Water
      6 oz Chocolate, plain
      3    Egg yolks
 
  Whisk 1/2 of the cream until stiff and spread it around the edges of a
  large bowl. Freeze for 1/2 to 1 hour.
  
  Dissolve the sugar in the water, bring to the boil and simmer for 3
  minutes until syrupy.  Meanwhile, break chocolate into blender or
  warm bowl.
  
  Pour the hot sugar syrup onto the chocolate and blend or whisk until
  the chocolate has all melted.  Add the egg yolks and mix the whole lot
  thoroughly.
  
  Whisk the remaining cream into soft peaks and fold gently into the
  chocolate mixture. Pour into the centre of the frozen cream and
  freeze for several hours until solid. Cover when fully frozen.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  A high-cholesterol chocolate dessert -- This recipe comes from a
  friend's aunt. It always seems to taste wonderful no matter how
  sloppily I measure things. Yield: Serves 4-6.
  
  *  Although the recipe "serves 4-6," two people will happily eat the
  whole thing.
  
  *  The outside is frozen solid, so you may find a fork useful for
  breaking your portion into pieces without showering fellow diners
  with fragments. It could be served in small portions, but don't count
  on having any left over.
  
  *  Double cream has more than 45 percent butterfat. It is difficult
  to find cream in North America that is richer than whipping cream,
  which is typically 32 percent butterfat. If you can find heavy cream
  it is likely to be 36 percent. Use the richest cream you can find.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  20 minutes preparation, 3 hours cooling.
  : Precision:  no need to measure.
  
  : William Roberts
  : Department of Computer Science & Statistics
  : Queen Mary College
  : University of London, UK
  : liam@qmc-cs.UUCP
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSGEZOGENES MEHLMUS
 Categories: German
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
     80 g  Flour (3/4 cup)
      1 l  Milk (approx. 1 qt)
    120 g  Sugar (1/2 cup plus 1/2
           -Tbsp)
      8    Egg yolks, whisked to a
           -froth
      8    Egg whites, beaten to stiff
           -peaks
           Grated peel of 3 lemons
      1 pn Salt
     50 g  Butter (3 1/2 Tbsp)
 
  From Central Swabia.
  
  From grandmother's more thrifty times; rarely encountered today.
  
  Combine the flour and a little milk, and stir until smooth. Gradually
  add the remainder of the milk, the sugar and salt. Bring to a boil.
  Remove the pot from the heat, add the grated lemon peel. Carefully
  fold in the egg yolk froth and beaten egg whites.  Pour the mixture
  into a buttered casserole dish and bake at medium heat for 20 minutes.
  
  Serves 4.
  
  From:  D'SCHWAEBISCH' KUCHE' by Aegidius Kolb and Leonhard Lidel,
  Allgaeuer Zeitungsverlag, Kempten. 1976. (Translation/Conversion:
  Karin Brewer) Posted by: Karin Brewer, Cooking Echo, 8/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSH ( NOODLES WITH PULSES~ MEAT & YOGHURT)
 Categories: Afghan, Main dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------------AUSH DOUGH------------------------------
      2 c  Plain flour
      1 ts Salt
    2/3 c  Cold water
           Additional flour

MMMMM------------------PULSE AND NOODLE MIXTURE-----------------------
    1/2 c  Yellow split peas
           - (daul nakhud)
           Cold water
      1 c  Canned kidney beans w/liquid
           Salt
      1 tb Oil
      2 c  Finely chopped spinach

MMMMM-------------------------MEAT SAUCE------------------------------
    1/2 c  Oil
      1    Medium onion; finely chopped
    750 g  Ground lamb or beef
           Salt
           Freshly ground black pepper
    1/2 c  Tomato puree
    1/2 c  Water

MMMMM--------------------CHAKAH (YOGURT SAUCE-------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Drained yogurt
      3 ts Dried mint; rubbed
    1/4 ts Hot chili pepper (or more)
    1/4 c  Finely chopped coriander
           Salt to taste
 
  Serves: 6 Cooking time: 1 to 1-1/4 hours Sift flour and salt into a
  bowl, add water and mix to a firm dough, adding more flour if
  necessary. Divide into 2 balls and wrap in plastic.  Rest for 30
  minutes. On a floured board roll out each ball of dough very thinly.
  Cut into 5 mm (1/4-inch) strips either while it is flat or by rolling
  up each sheet of dough and slicing with a sharp knife.  Place noodles
  on a floured cloth, dust with flour and leave to dry for about 30
  minutes. Wash split peas well and place in a pan with 1-1/2 cups cold
  water.  Bring to the boil and boil gently for 30 minutes or until
  tender.  Add red beans and liquid and keep warm. In a large pot bring
  8 cups water to the boil, add 2 teaspoons salt, oil and noodles.  Put
  noodles in gradually, stirring after each addition. Return to the
  boil and cook uncovered for 5 minutes. Add spinach and cook for
  further 5 minutes.  Drain in a colander and return to the pot. Add
  split peas and bean mixture with its liquid, toss ingredients lightly
  and keep hot over low heat. In a frying pan heat the 1/2 cup oil, fry
  onion until soft and add ground meat. Stir over high heat until
  juices evaporate and meat browns lightly. Add salt and pepper to
  taste, tomato puree and water, cover and simmer 10 minutes, then
  remove cover and let moisture evaporate. Sauce should be oily.
  Combine chakah ingredients, add to noodles and toss well. Mixture
  should be moist. Place noodle mixture in a deep dish and top with
  keema.  Stir at the table and serve in deep plates.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSSIE MEATLOAF
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 lb Ground beef - lean
      1 lb Sausage stuffing
      1 c  Breadcrumbs - fine
      2    Onions - medium, chopped
           Fine
      1 tb Curry powder
    1/2 c  Water
      1 tb Parsley - chopped
      1    Egg - beaten
      1 c  Clove - crushed
    1/2 c  Milk
           Salt and pepper to taste

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      1    Onion - chopped very fine
    1/4 c  Water
    1/2 c  Ketchup
    1/4 c  Dry red wine OR beef stock
    1/4 c  Worcestershire sauce -
           Lea & Perrins
      2 tb Vinegar
      1 tb Instant coffee
    1/4 c  Brown sugar - packed
      1 oz Margarine
      2 ts Lemon juice
 
  Contributed to the echo by: Fred Towner Barbecue Meatloaf Aussie
  Style - First Prize LOAF: Combine meats, breadcrumbs, onions, salt,
  pepper, garlic, parsley, curry and egg in large bowl. Mix well. Mix
  milk and water and add to meat mixture a little at a time until
  smooth but firm. Shape into loaf and put into greased baking pan.
  Bake 30 minutes at 375F.
  
  SAUCE: Saute onions in margarine until golden and add all other
  ingredients. Bring slowly to a boil, lower heat and simmer 10 to 15
  minutes. (great with ribs or chicken). After loaf has cooked for 30
  minutes, pour half of the sauce over the meat, return to oven and
  bake 45 minutes more, basting often with remaining sauce. Serve loaf
  hot in thick slices with remaining sauce. Also makes great sandwiches.
  
  Servings: 8
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSSIE SHRIMP ON THE BARBIE WITH ORANGE GINGE
 Categories: Australian, Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     12    Giant Prawns, shelled and
           -deveined (heads and tails
           -intact)
    1/4 c  Butter
      1 c  Orange juice (freshly
           -squeezed)
      2 tb Sherry
      1 ts Orange Zest (grated)
      2 ea Green onions, tops and white
           -(minced)
      1 ts Ginger root (freshly grated)
 
  Soak a dozen long wooden skewers in water for 30 minutes. Then push
  skewers through prawns, lengthwise, from head to tail with only 1 to
  a skewer.
  
  Combine all ingredients in saucepan and cook over medium to low heat,
  stirring, until butter is completely melted.
  
  Dip skewered prawns in the orange sauce and position on oiled grill
  rack about 4 inches above the coals. Baste liberally with sauce and
  grill for 2 minutes. Turn the prawn over and baste again, cooking for
  another 2 minutes. Smaller prawn will be done at this point, but
  continue basting and turning larger prawn until they are pink and
  cooked through. Remove from heat immediately when done, as they will
  get tough of overcooked. Use any remaining sauce for a dip for the
  prawns.
  
  From: The Register Guard, by Edythe Preet, a LA free lance writer.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSSIE SHRIMP ON THE BARBIE WITH ORANGE GINGE
 Categories: Australian, Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     12    Giant Prawns, shelled and
           -deveined (heads and tails
           -intact)
    1/4 c  Butter
      1 c  Orange juice (freshly
           -squeezed)
      2 tb Sherry
      1 ts Orange Zest (grated)
      2 ea Green onions, tops and white
           -(minced)
      1 ts Ginger root (freshly grated)
 
  Soak a dozen long wooden skewers in water for 30 minutes. Then push
  skewers through prawns, lengthwise, from head to tail with only 1 to
  a skewer.
  
  Combine all ingredients in saucepan and cook over medium to low heat,
  stirring, until butter is completely melted.
  
  Dip skewered prawns in the orange sauce and position on oiled grill
  rack about 4 inches above the coals. Baste liberally with sauce and
  grill for 2 minutes. Turn the prawn over and baste again, cooking for
  another 2 minutes. Smaller prawn will be done at this point, but
  continue basting and turning larger prawn until they are pink and
  cooked through. Remove from heat immediately when done, as they will
  get tough of overcooked. Use any remaining sauce for a dip for the
  prawns.
  
  From: The Register Guard, by Edythe Preet, a LA free lance writer.
  Submitted By SIRREDHAWK@AOL.COM (SIRREDHAWK) On 13 AUG 1994 104506
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSSIE: HERON ISLAND FISH WITH VINAIGRETTE
 Categories: Fish*shell, Main dish, Austr-nz
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Fish fillets, thick
      3 tb Red wine vinegar
      3 tb Rice vinegar
      2 tb Red onion, finely chopped
      1 tb Fresh dill, chopped
      1 ts Capers
      1 ts Fresh basil, chopped
      1 ts Fresh chives, chopped
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 c  Olive oil
 
  Place fish in steamer set over boiling water. Cover and steam for 5-10
  minutes or until fish flakes easily. Meanwhile, in blender, pure red
  wine vinegar, rice vinegar, onion, dill, capers, basil, chives, salt
  and pepper. Slowly pour in oil. Serve fish drizzled with vinaigrette.
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Feb 95 Presented in article by
  Elizabeth Baird: "Down Under Comes Over" Recipe by chef Ewan
  Franklin, Heron Island, Australia
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSSIE: KINGFISHER PAVLOVA
 Categories: Fruits, Desserts, Austr-nz
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      6    Egg whites
  1 1/2 c  Granulated sugar
      2 tb White vinegar
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Cream of tartar
      2 tb Cornstarch

MMMMM--------------------THREE-BERRY COMPOTE-------------------------
      3 c  Raspberries
      1 tb Icing sugar
      2 c  Strawberries, quartered
      2 c  Blueberries
 
  In bowl, beat egg whites until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in
  sugar, one-third at a time, until stiff and glossy. Beat in vinegar,
  vanilla and cream of tartar. Using fine sieve, shake cornstarch over
  top; fold in gently.
  
  On parchment paper-lined baking sheets, form meringue into 8 ovals
  about 3-1/2 inches long. Bake in 275F 140C oven for 50-60 minutes or
  until meringues are crispy outside but still soft inside. Let cool.
  
  [Meringues can be stored, uncovered, at room temperature for up to 8
  hours.]
  
  Three-Berry Compote: Pure 1 cup of the raspberries; pressing through
  sieve into sauce pan. Stir in icing sugar; cook over low heat just
  until heated through. Stir in strawberries, blueberries and remaining
  raspberries. Let cool.
  
  [Compote can be refrigerated in airtight container for up to 1 day.]
  
  To serve, place 1 meringue on each plate. Spoon compote next to
  meringue.
  
  Serve with whipped cream and a macadamia nut or almond praline, and
  fresh mint.
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Feb 95 Presented in article by
  Elizabeth Baird: "Down Under Comes Over" Recipe by Executive Chef
  Anthony Spegel, Kingfisher Bay Resort & Village
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSSIE: ROSEVILLE TEA SANDWICHES
 Categories: Fish*shell, Appetizers, Sandwiches, Austr-nz
      Yield: 4 Sandwiches
 
    1/4 c  Mayonnaise
      1 tb Green onion, minced
      1 tb Fresh dill, chopped
      1 tb Capers
  1 1/2 ts Horseradish
        pn Pepper
      8 sl Whole wheat bread
  1 1/2 ts Butter, softened
      4 sl Smoked salmon
     12    Cucumber slices, thin
 
  Combine mayonnaise, onion, dill, cappers, horseradish and pepper. trim
  crusts from bread; spread with butter then mayonnaise mixture. Arrange
  salmon and cucumber over 4 slices of bread. Top with remaining bread;
  cut each sandwich into 4 triangles or squares.
  
  Source: Canadian Living magazine, Feb 95 Presented in article by
  Elizabeth Baird: "Down Under Comes Over" Recipe by Roseville House,
  Brisbane, Australia
  
      [-=PAM=-]   PA_Meadows@msn.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTIN CHILI
 Categories: Soups, Chili
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 lb Grd round
     28 oz Stewed tomatoes
      2    Large onions
      4    Garlic cloves
    1/2 c  Flour
      2 cn Ranch beans
    1/2 c  Chili powder
     12 oz Beer
      2 tb Oregano
      2 tb Cumin
      1 tb Cayenne
      2 ts Salt
 
  Saute onions and garlic in oil.  Brown meat and add ingredients,
  except for beans.  Simmer for two hours and then add beans before
  serving.
  
  Posted by Ken Strei
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Cheese, Desserts, Fruits/nuts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Graham Cracker Crumbs
      6 tb Butter; Melted, *
    1/4 c  Sugar; Granulated

MMMMM-------------------------CHEESECAKE------------------------------
      1 lb Cream Cheese
    1/2 c  Sugar; Granulated
      3    Eggs; Large, Separated
    1/4 c  Unbleached Flour
      1 ts Lemon Rind, Grated
      2 ts Lemon Juice
      1 ts Vanilla Extract
    1/2 c  Heavy Cream
      2 tb Passion Fruit; **
 
  *      Use sweet cream butter and DO NOT substitute margarine. **
  Make the passion fruit pulp from fresh passion fruits or substitute
  ~------------------------------------------------------
  ~----------------- NOTE:  Prebaked crusts are much crisper than the
  chilled ones and this can be important if you want a crisp crust.
  CRUST: If you are prebaking the shell, preheat the oven to 350
  degrees F. Place the crumbs in a mixing bowl and add the butter and
  sugar blending well. Press the crumb mixture into the bottom and up
  the sides of an 8-inch springform pan. Smooth the mixture to form an
  even layer on the bottom and sides. Bake the crust in the oven for 10
  minutes and let cool to room temperature before filling. NOTE: This
  crust can be chilled for 5 to 10 minutes in the freezer until it is
  set but is not recommended in this recipe. CHEESECAKE: Preheat the
  oven to 300 degrees F.  In a large mixing bowl, beat the cream cheese
  and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the egg yolks, one at a time,
  beating well after each.  Beat in the flour, lemon rind, lemon juice,
  and vanilla until just mixed.  Whip the cream until stiff in a medium
  mixing bowl. Set aside. In another mixing bowl, beat the egg whites
  until they form stiff peaks, then fold them into the cheese mixture.
  Fold in the reserved whipped cream. Stir in the passion fruit pulp
  then pour the mixture into the prepared crust and bake fro 45 minutes
  to 1 hour.
   Cool, in the oven, to room temperature, then chill.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN DINKUM CHILI
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Bacon,packaged
      2 tb Oil,vegetable
      2    Onions,med,coarsely chopped
      1    Celery stalk,coarse chopped
      1    Bell pepper(s)
      2 lb Top beef sirloin,1" cubes
      1 lb Beef,hamburger grind
      1 lb Pork,hamburger grind
      4 tb Red chile,hot,ground
      3 tb Red chile,mild,ground
      2    Garlic cloves,med,fine chop
      1 tb Oregano,dried,pref. Mexican
      1 ts Cumin,ground
      2 cn Beer,pref. Aus.(12oz ea)
      1 cn Tomatoes,whole(14 1/2oz ea)
      3 ts Brown sugar
      1    Boomerang(opt but authentic)
 
  1. Fry the bacon in a skillet over medium heat. Drain the strips on
  paper toweling and cut into 1/2" dice and reserve.
  
  2. Heat the oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add the onions,
  celery, and green pepper and cook until the onions are translucent.
  
  3. Combine all the beef and pork with the ground chile, garlic,
  oregano, and cumin. Add this meat-and-spice mixture to the pot. Break
  up any lumps with a fork and cook, stirring occasionally, until the
  meat is evenly browned.
  
  4. Add the beer, tomatoes, and reserved bacon to the pot. Bring to a
  boil, then lower the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 1 1/2 hours.
  Wave a boomerang over the pot 14 times each hour from this point on.
  (This is definitely optional adding no noticeable flavor, just a
  touch of authenticity and humor.) Stir for 3 minutes. Taste, adjust
  seasonings, and add more beer if desired. Simmer for 2 1/2 hours
  longer.
  
  5. Add the brown sugar and simmer for 15 minutes longer, vigorously
  waving the boomerang over the pot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN DINKUM CHILI (ORIGINAL RECIPE)
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    500 g  Walleroo bacon
      2 tb Oil,vegetable
      1    Brown onion,medium,chopped
      1    White onion,chopped
      2    Celery stalks,chopped
      1    Green pepper,diced
      1 kg Kangaroo shank,red,coarse ch
    500 g  Kangaroo shank,gry,coarse ch
    500 g  Emu ham,ground
      2    Garlic cloves
 31 1/2 g  Tasmanian light red chile
 31 1/2 g  Wooroorooka chile
 26 1/2 g  Mount Isa dark red chile
    140 g  Oregano
      1 g  Cumin(fluid measure)
           Australian beer(740ml btl)
      1 cn Tomatoes,whole(4l ea)
           Brown sugar(3 fluid drams)
      1    Boomerang
 
  1. Fry the bacon in a skillet over medium heat. Drain the strips on
  paper toweling and cut into 10cm dice and reserve.
  
  2. Heat the oil in a large heavy pot over medium heat. Add the onions,
  celery, and green pepper and cook until the onions are translucent.
  
  3. Combine all the Kangaroo meat & Emu ham with the ground chile,
  garlic, oregano, and cumin. Add this meat-and-spice mixture to the
  pot. Break up any lumps with a fork and cook, stirring occasionally,
  until the meat is evenly browned.
  
  4. Add the beer, tomatoes, and reserved bacon to the pot. Bring to a
  boil, then lower the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 1 1/2 hours.
  Wave a boomerang over the pot 14 times each hour from this point on.
  Stir for 3 minutes. Taste, adjust seasonings, and add more beer id
  desired. Simmer for 2 1/2 hours longer.
  
  5. Add the brown sugar and simmer for 15 minutes longer, vigorously
  waving the boomerang over the pot.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN GRILLED FISH
 Categories: Grill/campi, Seafood, Healthwise
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Fish steaks
    1/4 c  Lime juice
      2 tb Vegetable oil
      1 ts Dijon mustard
      2 ts Fresh ginger root -- grated
    1/4 ts Cayenne pepper
           Black pepper
 
  * For the steaks: they should be 8-10 ounces and 1-inch thick each.
  Use Swordfish, Halibut or Salmon steaks.
  
  1. In a bowl, combine the lime juice, 1 tablespoon oil, ginger,
  cayenne pepper and enough freshly ground black pepper to suit your
  taste. 2. Marinate the fish in the marinade for 45-60 minutes. Turn
  steaks 2-3 times. 3. Have the grill prepared with white coals and
  brush the cooking grill with the remaining one tablespoon oil. 4.
  Grill the fish, brushing several times with the marinade, until
  cooked through and opaque in the center. Turn fish after about 4-5
  minutes. Total grilling time will dependon your grill and the heat of
  the coals.
  
  * To broil instead, use a broiler pan brushed with oil and broil until
  center is opaque. Will take about 10 minutes total in broiler. Turn
  steaks after 5 minutes, and baste often with marinade.
  
  Recipe By     : Jo Anne Merrill
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN JACK
 Categories: Australia, Bread/rolls, Submitted
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 ts Water
  1 1/2 c  Oatmeal
      1 ts Ginger, powder
    1/4 lb Butter, unsalted
    1/3 c  Sugar, brown, dark
    1/4 ts Baking soda
 
    Cream the butter; add the sugar and beat until light and fluffy.
  Dissolve the baking soda in the water and add, stirring well. Add the
  oatmeal and ginger, mixing well. The mixture should be fairly firm.
  If necessary, add a little more oatmeal. Knead lightly on a floured
  surface. Preheat oven to 300 degrees. Press the mixture in a buttered
  baking dish, about 8 x 12 inches. The dough should be about 1/2 inch
  thick. Bake in the 300 degree oven for 35 minutes, or until brown on
  top. Cut into squares while hot.
    Posted on GEnie Food & Wine RT Sep 18, 1993 by COOKIE-LADY [Cookie]
  MM by MMCONV and Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253,
  GT Cookbook echo moderator net/node 004/005, Internet
  sylvia.steiger@lunatic.com, reposted by DonW1948@aol.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN MEAT PIE
 Categories: Beef
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -----filling-----
  1 1/2 lb Steak; minced
      1 ts Soy sauce
      2    Beef stock cubes
           Salt and pepper
  1 1/2 c  Water
      1 pn Nutmeg
      2 tb Flour
    1/4 c  Water; (extra)
           -----pie base-----
      2 c  Flour
    2/3 c  Water
    1/2 ts Salt
      2 oz Beef drippings
           -----pie top-----
      1 pk Puff pastry; (12 oz. size)
      1    Egg yolk
      1 ts Water
 
  Recipe by: Bob Wells #326 <wel@EUROCONTROL.DE> Making the filling:
  Place meat into the pan, stir over low heat until meat is well
  browned. Drain off any surplus fat. Add crumbled stock cubes, water,
  salt, pepper and nutmeg, stir until boiling, reduce heat, cover,
  simmer gently for 20 min, remove from heat.  Combine extra water and
  flour, stir until flour mixture is smooth.  Add flour mixture to
  meat, stir until combined. Return to heat, stir until meat boils and
  thickens. Add soy sauce (to give brown colour), stir until combined.
  Simmer, uncovered, 5 to 10 min; remove from heat allow to become cold.
  
  Making the pie base: Sift flour and salt into basin. Place water and
  dripping into saucepan, stir until dripping melts; remove from heat.
  Make a well in centre of dry ingredients, add liquid, stir until
  combined. (2a. If you're in a hurry, just use premade (bought)
  pastry. It works ok, too. -JN)
  
  Turn out onto lightly floured surface, knead lightly. Roll out pastry
  to line eight greased pie tins.  [We use "real" aluminium 6 or 8 in
  pie casings - JN] Cut excess pastry around sides of pie plates using
  a sharp knife.  Fill centres with cold meat filing.
  
  Pie crust: Roll out puff pastry on lightly floured surface, cut out
  rounds for top of pies, use a saucer as a guide. Wet edges of base
  pastry, and gently press tops into place, trim around edges with a
  sharp knife. Brush tops with combined egg-yolk and water.
  
  Cooking: Bake in hot oven 5 minutes or until golden brown, reduce
  heat to moderate, cook further 10 min.
  
  Reference: Australian Women's Weekly Home Library: Cooking Class
  Cookbook, p70. (reproduced without permission).
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN OUTBACK BEER SAUCE
 Categories: Australian, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lg Can Tomato Puree
      6 tb Worcestershire sauce
     12 oz Beer
    1/4 c  Cider Vinegar
      1 ts Paprika
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Black Pepper
 
  Combine all ingredients in saucepan. Simmer over low heat for about 30
  minutes, stirring occasionally.
  
  From: The Register Guard, by Edythe Preet, (a LA free lance writer)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN POACHED RABBIT WITH BRUSCHETTA
 Categories: Australian, Meats
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 ea Spanish onion, peeled and
           -sliced
      2 ea Stalks of celery, chopped
      2 sm Carrots, chopped
      2 ea Sprigs of thyme
      2 ea Bay leaves
     12 ea Black peppercorns
      1 ea Rabbit
      2 ea Cloves of garlic, quartered
     16 sm Fresh sage leaves
  2 1/2 c  Extra virgin olive oil
      1 ea Crusty Italian ring loaf of
           -bread (preferably day-old)
           -Mesclun, to serve
           Lemon wedges (optional), to
           -serve
 
  Bring 6 liters of salted water to the boil in a large saucepan. Add
  onion, celery, carrot, herbs and peppercorns and return to the boil.
  Skim surface. Add rabbit and return to the boil. Reduce heat to
  lowest setting, cover and simmer very gently for 1 hour, or until
  rabbit is tender. Remove from heat and cool rabbit in cooking liquid.
  Remove rabbit from liquid, strip meat from bones and place it in a
  single layer on a plate or tray. Season meat generously with salt and
  freshly ground black pepper.
  
  Return bones to cooking liquid and boil again to make stock to freeze
  for another purpose, if desired.
  
  Transfer rabbit to a bowl.  Add garlic, sage and oil just to cover.
  Using your hands, mix ingredients to combine, then cover and
  refrigerate for 48 hours.
  
  Cut bread into 1cm-thick slices and brush both sides with remaining
  oil combined with 1 teaspoon sea salt. Place in a single layer on a
  rack on an oven tray and bake at 150C for 30 minutes, or until pale
  golden. Using a slotted spoon, remove rabbit from oil, and serve at
  room temperature with warm bruschetta, mesclun and lemon wedges, if
  desired.
  
  Source: Australian Gourmet Traveller July '94
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN PORK WITH PORT & COFFEE SAUCE
 Categories: Main dish, Pork, Sauces, Australian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  4 3/8 lb Pork loin, boned
      1 c  Strong coffee
    1/2 c  Cream
    1/3 c  Port
      2 ts Sugar
    1/4 c  Water
      2 ts Cornstarch
 
  Preheat oven to 350F. Remove rind from pork and trim fat to make a 1
  cm layer. Roll and tie the meat. Weight pork and calculate cooking
  time, allow 25-30 mins. per 500 gr. Place meat in roasting pan. Roast
  pork for 30 mins.
  
  Combine coffee, 1/4 c. cream, 1/4 c port & sugar, pour over pork.
  Continue roasting pork for calculated cooking time, basting pork
  every 15 mins with coffee mixture. This basting gives the outside a
  beautiful golden glaze & helps to keep the meat moist.
  
  Remove pork from oven when cooked. Keep covered in a warm place while
  making the sauce.
  
  Skim fat from the pan juices. Place juices in a small saucepan with
  water, remaining 1/4 c cream, remaining port and cornstarch. Cook
  until thickened, strain.
  
  Slice pork thinly and place a tablespoon or two of sauce on each
  serving. Remaining sauce should be available for guests to add more.
  
  From: The Great Cooks of Australia Cookbook; Elisabeth King,
  contributing editor to Australian Gourmet magazine, contributed this
  dish.
  
  Posted by: Joell Abbott 6/94
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN PORK WITH PORT & COFFEE SAUCE
 Categories: Pork, Australian
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
  4 1/2 lb Pork loin, boneless
      1 c  Coffee, strong
    1/2 c  Cream
    1/3 c  Port
      2 ts Sugar
    1/4 c  ;Water
      2 ts Cornstarch
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
  
  Remove rind from pork and trim fat to make a 1/2 inch layer (or
  less). Roll and tie the meat. Weigh pork and calculate total cooking
  time, (allow 25-30 minutes per pound). Place meat in roasting pan.
  Roast pork for 30 minutes.
  
  Combine coffee, 1/4 cup cream, 1/4 cup port & sugar, pour over pork.
  Continue roasting pork for calculated cooking time, basting pork
  every 15 mins with coffee mixture.
  
  This basting gives the outside a beautiful golden glaze & helps to
  keep the meat moist.
  
  Remove pork from oven when cooked. Keep covered in a warm place while
  making the sauce.
  
  Skim fat from the pan juices. Place juices in a small saucepan with
  water, remaining cream, remaining port and cornstarch. Cook until
  thickened, then strain.
  
  Slice pork thinly and place a tablespoon or two of sauce on each
  serving. Remaining sauce should be available for guests to add more.
  
  From: The Great Cooks of Australia Cookbook; Elisabeth King,
  contributing editor to Australian Gourmet magazine, contributed this
  dish.
  
                                 Posted by: Joell Abbott
                                 Fidonet COOKING echo 6/94
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN PRAWNS
 Categories: Mia. herald, Seafood, Ethnic, Australia
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1    Piece ginger (2"); peeled
           -and coarsely chopped
      1 lg Onion; coarsely chopped
      1    Red bell pepper; coarsely
           -chopped
      4    Ripe tomatoes; coarsely
           -chopped
      4 c  Fish stock
      1 tb Fish sauce (Nam pla)
    1/4 ts Cayenne
      4 c  Coconut milk
     24    Prawn tails
    3/4 c  Cilantro; finely minced
    1/2 c  Parsley; finely minced
 
  Place the ginger, onion, red pepper and tomato in the food processor
  until smooth. Transfer to a heavy casserole and cook at high heat,
  stirring, for 3-4 minutes, Add the fish stock, fish sauce and
  cayenne, and stir to mix well.   Bring to a boil, turn the heat down
  and simmer for about 10 minutes.  Add the coconut milk and prawns and
  cook on hihg heat stirring, for about 3 minutes. Turn down to a
  simmer and cook anothe 3 minutes. Stir in the cilantro and parsely
  before serving. Taste and adjust seasonings by adding more fish sauce
  and cayenne.
  
  Nutritional info: 539 cal; 29g pro; 20g carb, 41g fat (65%)
  
  Source: Kitchen Tropicale Miami Herald, 3/7/96 formatted by Lisa
  Crawford, 6/22/96
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN SHRIMP ON THE BARBIE
 Categories: Seafood, Bar-b-q, Main dish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  (1 stick) butter,melted
    1/4 c  Olive oil
    1/4 c  Minced fresh herbs
           -(parsley,thyme and
           -cilantro)
      3 tb Fresh lemon juice
      3 lg Garlic cloves,crushed
      1 tb Minced shallot
           Salt and pepper,freshly
           -ground
      1    1/2 lb medium large
           -shrimp,unpeeled
 
  Spinach leaves Lemon slices
  
  Combine first 8 ingredients in large bowl.Mix in shrimp.Marinate at
  room temperature 1 hour or in the refrigerator 5 hours,stirring
  occasionally. Prepare barbecue with medium hot coals.Thread shrimp on
  narrow skewers.Grill until just opaque,about 2 minutes per side.Line
  platter with spinach.Arrange skewers on platter.Garnish with lemon
  and serve. Makes 8 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN SPRING SNOW GOLDEN LAGER
 Categories: Canadian/au, Light beers, Alcohol, Beverages
      Yield: 5 Servings
 
      6 lb Malt Extract
           -Syrup-Light,Australian
      1 oz Williamette Hops; boiling
    1/2 oz Perle Hops; boiling
    1/2 oz Cascade Hops; finishing
      1 pk Lager yeast
    3/4 c  Corn sugar; bottling
 
  Boil malt extract and boiling hops with 1.5 gal of water for 60 min.
  Add finishing hops during final 1-2 min. Sparge wort into fermenter
  with cold water. Pitch yeast when cool and bottel when done.
  
  NOTES : O.G.:1.036-1.040 F.G.:1.008-1.011
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN STICKY DATE PUDDING
 Categories: Bakery, Sheet cake, Typed
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Butter, room temperature
           -cut into eight pieces
           Plus extra to butter pan
  1 1/4 c  Chopped pitted dates
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/4 c  Granulated sugar
      2 ea Eggs
  1 1/4 c  All purpose flour
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Vanilla
  1 3/4 ts Baking powder

MMMMM-----------------------CARAMEL SAUCE----------------------------
    1/2 c  Butter
    1/4 c  Whipping cream
    1/2 c  Firm packed brown sugar PLUS
      1 tb Firm packed brown sugar
    1/2 ts Vanilla
 
  This Australian recipe, a very moist cake, not what we'd call a
  pudding, has taken Down Under by storm. you'll find it on restaurant
  and dinner party menus across that country. This version was printed
  recently by the New York times.
  
  TO PREPARE CAKE: Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Butter a 9-inch round
  baking pan withsides at least 2 inches high, such as a springform pan.
  
  Place the dates in a saucepan and cover with water (about 1-1/2 cups).
  Bring to a boil, reduce to simmer and cook for 3 minutes. Add the
  baking soda (the mixture will foam) and set aside.
  
  In a bowl, cream the cut up butter, sugar and eggs, adding the eggs
  one at a time. Gently mix in the flour, salt and vanilla. Stowly stir
  in the baking powder and 1/4 cup of the liquid from cooking the
  dates, until the cake mixture resembles thick pancake batter. Drain
  off remainder of date cooking liquid and discard. Stir in the dates.
  
  Bake for 30 to 40 minutes, or until cooked in the center.
  
  TO PREPARE CARAMEL SAUCE: Combine the butter, whipping cream, brown
  sugar and vanilla. Bring to a boil; reduce to simmer, and cook for 3
  minutes.
  
  TO SERVE: Drizzle some of the sauce over the cake as it is cooling.
  Serve the rest of the sauce separately.
  
  Makes 10 servings
  
  Per Serving:
    Calories: 384 (4% protein, 47% carbohydrate, 50% fat)
    Protein: 4 grams
    Fat: 22 grams
    Cholesterol: 100 mg
    Carbohydrate: 46 grams
    Sodium: 441 mg
    Exchanges: 1 fruit, 1-1/2 starch, 4-1/2 fat
  
  Source: Oregonian FoodDay 1995
    Typos by Dorothy Flatman
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 c  Dates (180g) --  pitted and
           Chopped
      1 ts Bicarbonate of soda
      1 c  Boiling water
      2 tb Butter
      1 c  Soft brown sugar
      2    Eggs
  1 1/2 c  Self-raising flour-sifted
           Toffee Sauce:
      1 c  Soft brown sugar
    3/4 c  Light whipping cream.
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      2 tb Butter
 
  Mix dates and baking soda in a heat-proof bowl. Pour boiling water on
  top and leave to stand. Cream butter and sugar until pale, then add
  eggs one at a time, heating well after each addition. Gently fold in
  sifted flour, stir in the date mixture, and pour into a lightly
  buttered 18cm or 7" square or round cake tin. Bake in a preheated
  oven (180 C) for 30-40 minutes, until an inserted skewer comes clean.
  Combine sugar, cream, vanilla essence and butter in a saucepan, bring
  to the boil, stirring, and simmer for five minutes. Set aside until
  ready to serve, then quickly reheat when needed. Cut pudding into
  squares and place each square in the centre of a warm dinner plate.
  Pour hot toffee sauce over each square and serve with fresh cream.
  
  Recipe By     : Jill Dupleix
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRALIAN/U.S. EQUIVALENTS
 Categories: Info/tips
      Yield: 60 Servings
 
      1 c  1 c + 2 tb
      1 ts 5 ml
      1 tb 1 tb + 1-1/2 ts
      1 tb 20 ml
      1 c  250 ml
 
  Collected from posts. Special thanks to ANNE MACLELLAN for actually
  comparing her set of Australian measures.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN APPLE & POTATO SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables, Austrian, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 lb Tart green apples
           -peeled, cored and diced
      1 lb Potatoes, cooked, peeled
           -and diced
    1/4 c  Olive oil
    1/4 c  White wine vinegar
           Salt and pepper
      2    Beets, cooked, peeled
           -and sliced
      2    Hard boiled eggs, sliced
 
  Combine the apples and the potatoes in a bowl.  Whisk together the
  vinegar, oil and the salt and pepper until well blended. Pour over
  the apples and potatoes and toss gently but thoroughly. Adjust
  seasoning and garnish with beets and sliced egg.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN BREAD
 Categories: Breadmaker
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  2 1/2 ts Active dry yeast
  1 1/3 c  Bread flour
    2/3 c  Rye flour
    1/3 c  Wheat germ
      2 tb Gluten flour, 100%
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground allspice
    1/4 ts Rosemary
    1/2 tb Oil
      3 tb Fruit concentrate; or honey
      1 c  Water; + 1 t if at high
           ; altitude
 
  use white bread setting, light
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN BREAD DUMPLINGS
 Categories: Ethnic, Breads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      4 oz Dry bread, diced
    1/2 oz (1 Tbsp) butter or lard
      1    Egg
    1/2 c  Milk
      3 oz (3/4 cup) flour
           Salt and pepper
      1 tb Chopped fresh herbs
           -(parsley, chervil,
           -marjoram) -
 
  1 Tbsp     chopped fresh herbs (parsley, chervil, marjoram) -
  optional, but a great improvement
  
  You will need a frying pan, a large and a small bowl, and a saucepan
  of water or soup.  Fry the diced bread lightly in the fat in a frying
  pan. Meanwhile, mix the egg and the milk in a small bowl. Tip the
  contents of the frying pan into a large bowl, and pour the egg and
  milk over all. Stir in the flour, and season with salt and pepper.
  Add the herbs, if using. You may need more milk to make a soft dough.
  Allow it to stand for 1/2 an hour.
  
  Dip your hand into cold water and roll the mixture into a dozen small
  balls.  Put a pot of salted water on to boil, if there isn't a
  simmering soup pot waiting. Drop little balls of dough into the
  boiling salted water or the soup.  Poach them for 10 to 15 minutes,
  until they are light and firm and well risen.
  
  Yield:  12 dumplings Time: 1 hour
  
  Notes:  You may include chopped fried bacon or cubed pork cracklings
  in the mixture.  Leaving out flour will result in a lighter dumpling.
  
  From:  THE OLD WORLD KITCHEN - THE RICH TRADITION OF EUROPEAN PEASANT
  COOKING by Elisabeth Luard, ISBN 0-553-05219-5 Posted by: Karin
  Brewer, Cooking Echo, 7/92
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Cheese, Desserts, Fruits, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
           Shortbread

MMMMM-------------------------CHEESECAKE------------------------------
      2 c  Cottage or Farmer Cheese
    1/2 c  Sugar; Granulated
      5    Eggs; Large, Separated
    1/2 c  Milk
    1/2 ts Lemon Rind; Grated
      1 ts Vanilla Extract
    3/4 c  Unbleached Flour; Sifted
    1/4 c  Confectioners' Sugar
      3 tb Golden Raisins;FinelyChopped
 
  Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F.  Press the cheese through a sieve.
  In a large mixing bowl, beat together the cheese and sugar until
  light. Add the egg yolks, one at a time, beating well after each
  addition, then add the milk, lemon rind, and vanilla. Stir in the
  flour and blend until smooth. In another large mixing bowl, beat the
  egg whites until they form soft peaks, then gradually add the
  confectioners' sugar beating until they form stiff peaks.  Fold the
  whites into the cheese mixture. Gently stir in the raisin bits, then
  pour the mixture into the prepared crust. Bake for 55 minutes or
  until the center appears firm. Let the cake cool in the oven for 15
  minutes, then allow to cool to room temperature.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN CHOCOLATE CUP
 Categories: Beverages, Ethnic
      Yield: 30 Servings
 
     30 oz Semisweet chocolate,
           -broken in pieces
     10 sm Finely grated orange peel
  2 1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
     15 c  Milk
  2 1/2 c  Whipping cream
           Grated chocolate
     30    Cinnamon sticks (3")
 
  Combine chocolate, orange peel, cinnamon and 3 tablespoons of milk in
  a saucepan and heat very gently until chocolate melts, stirring
  frequently.
  
  Add remaining milk and heat through gently until piping hot, stirring
  frequently. Whisk whipping cream until soft peaks form.
  
  Pour hot chocolate into mugs or heatproof glasses. Top with whipped
  cream. Sprinkle with grated chocolate and add a cinnamon stick to
  each one for stirring.
  
  NOTE: Wind a curly strip of orange peel around cinnamon sticks for a
  pretty effect, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN CREAM CHEESE BROWNIES
 Categories: Cookies, Chocolate
      Yield: 36 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------CRUST--------------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Flour
      1 c  Sugar, brown
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    2/3 c  Butter; softened

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      8 oz Cream cheese; softened
    3/4 c  Sugar
      2 tb Flour
      2    Egg
      6 oz Chocolate chips; semi-sweet

MMMMM---------------------------GLAZE--------------------------------
      6 oz Chocolate chips; semi-sweet
    1/2 c  Pecans or walnuts; chopped
 
  Heat oven to 350-F. In large bowl, combine all crust ingredients.
  Beat at medium speed about 2 minutes or until crumbly and well
  blended. Press mixture into ungreased 13x9-inch pan. Bake at 350-F
  for 12 minutes. Remove from oven.
  
  In small bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar, 2 Tbsp flour and eggs at
  medium speed until smooth, about 2 minutes. Stir in 1 cup chocolate
  chips. Pour over partially baked crust. Bake an additional 15 to 20
  minutes or until topping is almost set. Remove from oven; immediately
  sprinkle 1 cup chocolate chips over top. Return to oven for 1 minute
  to melt chips. Gently spread melted chips over top. Sprinkle with
  pecans; lightly press into glaze. Refrigerate 1 hour. Cut into bars.
  Store in refrigerator.
  
                                      --- Pillsbury Classic Cookbooks
                                          per Sallie Austin Krebs
  Submitted By LISE WARING <HOBBIT@MAIL.UTEXAS.EDU> On TUE, 19 DEC 1995
  093839 GMT
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN EGG CAKE (EIERKUCHEN)
 Categories: Misc
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6    Eggs, beaten
  1 1/2 c  Milk
      1 ts Salt
        ds Pepper
  2 1/2    Soft bread crumbs *
      2    Green onions (with tops),
           Chopped
 
  Heat oven to 325F.  Mix together eggs, milk, salt and pepper. Stir in
  bread crumbs and green onions.  Pour into 8x8x2 inch baking dish.
  Bake, uncovered, until set and top is light brown, about 40 minutes.
  
  *  For soft bread crumbs, tear 3 1/2 slices bread into pieces. Place
  in a blender container, one slice at a time. Cover and blend until
  crumbled, about 3 seconds.
  
  Typos courtesy of Wesley Pitts
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN GUGELHUPF
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Milk, warm (110 F to 115F)
      2    Yeast, active dry packages
      4 c  Flour, all-purpose
      1 c  Butter or margerine
    1/2 c  Sugar
      4    Eggs
      1 c  Light raisins
    1/4 c  Currants
      2 ts Orange peel, finely shredded
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Almonds, whole blanched
 
  Place warm milk in a medium mixing bowl.  Sprinkle yeast over milk.
  Add 1/2 cup flour.  Beat with a large spoon about 1 minute. Cover and
  let rise in a warm place until almost double (40 minutes). In a large
  mixer bowl beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add the
  eggs, one at a time, mixing well after adding each. Stir in yeast
  mixture, raisins, currants, orange peel and salt.  Gradually stir in
  the remaining 3-1/2 cups flour. Lightly grease and flour a 9-cup
  gugelhupf mold or 12-cup fluted tube pan. Arange whole almonds in a
  design in the bottom of the pan. Carefully spoon batter over almonds.
  Cover and let rise in a warm place until almost double (about 1
  hour).  Bake in a 350 F oven about 40 minutes. If necessary cover top
  with foil the last 15 minutes of baking time to prevent over
  browning.  Remove from pan.  Cool on wire rack. Before serving, sift
  powdered sugar over cake.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN HOMESTYLE GENERIC VEGETABLE SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Vegetables
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
      4 tb Butter or margarine (or oil,
           -or lard)
      3 tb All purpose flour
  1 1/2 pt Water
  3 1/2 ts Knorr Beef Flavor Consomme
           -Mix (or similar bouillon
           Powder or cubes)
      2 tb Chopped onion
      1 md Carrot, diced
      2 c  (approx.) broccoli or
           -cauliflower, cut into small
           -pieces
      1 md Potato, peeled and diced
 
  Melt butter over medium heat.  Add flour, stirring constantly, until
  the mixture becomes puffy.  Add water, bouillon powder, onions,
  potatoes and carrots. Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally. Reduce
  heat and simmer until potatoes are almost done (about 5 to 6
  minutes). Add broccoli and return to boil.  Simmer for another minute.
  
  Makes 3 large servings (which with a chunk of French bread or the like
  would make a hearty meal, quantity-wise.)
  
  VARIATIONS:  For thinner soup, use less flour.  For vegetables with a
  more delicate flavor, use less bouillon powder. If using sliced
  mushrooms, asparagus and frozen or fresh green peas as vegetables,
  use slightly less flour, slightly less bouillon powder, and a dash of
  sugar. (Start with the asparagus, adding peas and mushrooms when
  asparagus is almost done. No onion in that one, BTW, it would
  overwhelm the other flavors.) If all you've got is potatoes and
  onions, add quarter teaspoon caraway seeds early on (when you reduce
  to simmering). What, not even potatoes? Throw in somewhat more
  chopped onion and add rice, and serve with fresh chopped parsley.
  
  Posted by Karin Brewer. Courtesy of Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN KALE
 Categories: Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 bn Kale, washed
      1    Clove garlic, minced
    1/2 md Onion, coarsely chopped
      2 tb Oil
  1 1/2 c  Chicken stock or bouillon
      4 md Potatoes, quartered
      1    Stalk celery, chopped
           Sour cream (garnish)
 
  Cut the kale leaves into 1/2-inch-wide strips. Blanch them in lightly
  salted boiling water for one minute. Set aside.
  
  Saute the garlic and onion in the oil until lightly browned. Add the
  chicken stock, potatoes, celery, and blanched kale. Simmer together
  until potatoes fall apart and lose their shape. Stir; season with
  salt and pepper, garnish with sour cream and serve.
  
  Source: "Recipes from a Kitchen Garden" by Renee Shepherd & Fran
  Raboff.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN LIVER DUMPLINGS
 Categories: Beef, Side dish
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Calf's liver
      1    Hard roll OR
      1    Large slice Italian bread
      1 tb Butter
      1    Egg
      1 c  Breadcrumbs
           Chopped fresh parsley
           Salt & pepper to taste
 
  1>. Cut liver into chunks and place into blender until all meat has
  been pureed. Soak the roll or bread in water until soft, squeeze out
  the surplus moisture and finely mince or grate. Cream the butter with
  the other ingredients, finally adding sufficient breadcrumbs to make
  the mixture firm enough to be formed into small dumplings (less than
  an inch in diameter). If the dumplings are to served with stew or
  soup, simmer in this for 5 minutes. They may also be cooked in stock
  and served with meat and gravy.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN MALT BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------------ONE POUND LOAF----------------------------
    1/2 c  Water
      1 tb Margarine/butter
    3/4 tb Sugar
    3/4 ts Salt
  1 1/2 c  Bread flour
  1 1/2 tb Malted milk powder
      1 ts Yeast
 
  Bake on regular cycle
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUSTRIAN MALT BREAD - MICHIELSEN
 Categories: Breadmaker, Low fat
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 ts Active dry yeast
      2 c  Bread flour
      1 ts Salt
      1 tb Sugar
      2 ts Malted milk powder
  1 1/4 tb Butter
    2/3 c  Water
 
  The Bread Machine Cookbook By D.R. German ISBN 1-55867-025-4 $8.95
  
  (medium size)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC APPLE BROWN BETTY
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Pies
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Cubed homemade bread (no
           -crusts)
      2 tb Melted butter
      3 c  Pared, thinly sliced apples
           -(4 large)
      1 c  White sugar
    1/2 ts Nutmeg
    1/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Cloves
      2 tb Butter; in small dots
      1    Lemon; grated rind and juice
           -of
 
  Put a layer of cubed bread in buttered souffle dish that will hold
  1-1/2 quarts.  Mix apples, sugar and spices. Cover bread with a layer
  of apples. Dot with butter; add a little lemon juice and rind. Repeat
  layers, ending in bread cubes, until dish is well-heaped. Cover and
  bake in a preheated 375-degree oven for 30 minutes. Uncover and bake
  until apples are tender and crust golden brown, about 30 more
  minutes. Serve at once with vanilla ice cream.  Like a souffle, it
  will collapse if allowed to stand.
  
  Serves 6. Submitted By ROBERT.FOSTER@NASHVILLE.COM (ROBERT FOSTER) On
  10 NOV 1995 060029 -0700
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC CAROLINA PORK BARBEQUE
 Categories: Pork & ham, Bar-b-q
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Pork butt (shoulder)
      1 ga Cider vinegar
     10 oz Worcestershire sauce
      6 oz Chili sauce
  1 1/4 oz Crushed red pepper flakes
 
  Mix all sauce ingredients together.  Use as a basting sauce for the
  meat.
  
  The pork has to be barbecued - that is, cooked long and slow over a
  real wood fire, preferably hickory. Temp should be around 220
  degrees, and it takes at least 1-1/2 hours per pound, or until
  internal temp. reaches 150-160 degrees.  Needless to say, this is
  difficult to accomplish in the average backyard Weber kettle,
  although it can be done. It has to be served on a CWB:  Cheap White
  Bun.  After that, the only question is "with or without?" Sweet cole
  slaw on top, that is.
  
  Recipe By     :
  
  From: D_swartz@gate.Net (Debbie Deneese
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC ENGLISH TRIFLE
 Categories: Desserts
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
 
  First, make a soft, rich custard: beat 4 egg yolks until light and
  pale yellow.  Heat 2 cups light cream with 1/4 cup sugar and 1
  tablespoon orange flower water or vanilla. Add beaten egg yolks,
  while beating very hard. Then cook without boiling, stirring
  continuously until custard coats the spoon.  Remove to a bowl. Cover
  and refrigerate until well chilled. Cut a two-layer sponge cake (that
  you bake or buy) into finger-length pieces. Spread each one on one
  side with raspberry jam and quickly dip in 1/2 cup sherry. Place half
  these sponge fingers in the bottom of a deep cut-glass bowl. Cover
  with half the custard. Whip 2 cups cream. Sweeten with 1/2 cup icing
  sugar and vanilla to taste. Cover custard with half the whipped
  cream.  Make a second layer on top of all this. Top with a dozen or
  so toasted almonds, standing them upright in the cream, add a few
  slivers of angelica - or use small roses instead of almonds and
  angelica. Refrigerate at least 12 hours. This beautiful dessert never
  fails to create a sensation, yet is easy to prepare.
  
  ~from The Best of Mme Jehane Benoit From: Sandee Eveland
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC FRIED RICE
 Categories: Rice
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 oz Chinese barbecued pork
    1/4 lb Fresh or frozen peas
      2 tb Oil, preferably peanut
      2 c  Long-grain rice, steamed
           -and chilled
      1 ts Salt
      2    Eggs; beaten
      4 oz Fresh bean sprouts

MMMMM--------------------------GARNISH-------------------------------
      2 tb Finely chopped scallions
 
  CUT THE PORK INTO FINE DICE. Blanch the peas in a saucepan of boiling
  water for about 5 minutes if they are fresh or 2 minutes if they are
  frozen. Drain them in a colander. Heat a wok or large skillet until
  it is hot. Then add the oil and wait until it is almost smoking. Add
  the cooked rice and stir-fry it for 1 minute, and then add the
  barbecued pork, peas and salt. Continue to stir-fry the mixture for 5
  minutes over high heat. Next add the beaten eggs and bean sprouts and
  continue to stir-fry for 2 minutes or until the eggs have set. Turn
  the mixture onto a plate and garnish it with the scallions. Serve at
  once, or let it cool and serve as a cold rice salad.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC GREEK LAMB
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -====================
 
  Ingredients:
  
  Leg of lamb many cloves of garlic lots of oregano and pepper lots of
  lemon juice a bit of salt Place many cloves of garlic under the
  skin/into the meat all around the leg.  Sprinkle lots of oregano,
  pepper, lots of lemon juice, and a bit of salt on to the meat. Cover
  with aluminum foil & bake. The meat should still be brown/pink when
  done (Approx 1.5 hrs). I like to uncover the last 1/2 hour to get a
  crust on the leg. Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.40
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC ITALIAN BREAD
 Categories: Italian, Breads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 ts Active dry yeast or 1/3
           -small cake (6 grams) fresh
           -yeast
      1    Scant tsp. malt syrup
    1/3 c  Warm water
    2/3 c  Milk at room temperature
      1 c  (135 grams) unbleached
           -all-purpose flour
 
  This takes 2 days but is worth the wait. Makes 2 round loaves Starter
  
  Stir the yeast and malt into the water; let stand until foamy, about
  10 minutes. Stir in the milk and beat in the flour with a rubber
  spatula or wooden spoon about 100 strokes until smooth. Cover with
  plastic wrap and let stand until bubbly, at least 4 hours but
  preferably overnight.
  
  Dough 2 cups water, at room temperature 6 1/4 cups (860 grams)
  unbleached all-purpose flour 1 T. salt Cornmeal
  
  Mix the starter and the water in a mixer until the starter is well
  broken up. Add the flour and salt and mix for 2 to 3 minutes at low
  speed. The dough will be smooth but won't pull away from the side of
  the bowl. Change to the dough hook and knead at medium speed,
  scraping down the side of the bowl as necessary, until the dough is
  elastic but slightly sticky, 3 to 4 minutes. Finish kneading by hand
  on a floured work surface.
  
  First rise Place in a well-oiled bowl, cover tightly with plastic
  wrap, and let rise until doubled, about 1 1/2 hours. The dough is
  ready when it is very bubbled and blistered.
  
  Shaping and second rise Cut the dough in half on a floured surface and
  shape into 2 round loaves. Place on an oiled cookie sheet sprinkled
  with cornmeal. Cover and let rise till doubled, about 1 hour.
  
  Baking Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Bake about 1 hour and cool on
  racks. To get a really good crust spray the loaves with water 3 times
  in the first 15 minutes of baking.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC MEXICAN RICE
 Categories: Mexican, Rice, Side dish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 c  Long-grain white rice, raw
      2 tb Vegetable oil
    1/2 md Onion, chopped
    1/3 c  Salsa (Embasa brand)
      3 c  Water
      1    Tomato chicken boullion

MMMMM-------------------RECIPE CAN BE DOUBLED------------------------
 
  Heat oil in saut E9 pan on medium-high.  Add uncooked rice and stir
  to coat rice with oil.  When rice is brown, add chopped onions and
  stir.  When onions start to brown, add in salsa tomatoes, stirring to
  coat rice.  Add in water and chicken-tomato seasoning and bring to a
  boil.  Allow water to boil for 5 minutes, then lower heat to
  medium-low and cover.  Simmer for 10-15 minutes, stirring every few
  minutes.
  
  When water is completely evaporated and rice is tender, remove from
  heat and serve hot.
  
  * NOTE:  Embasa Salsa comes canned and can be found in the ethnic
  section of your grocery store. This is an authentic recipe from a
  Hispanic friend of mine.
  
  Contributor:  Frances Say
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC NEW MEXICAN SALSA
 Categories: Relishes, Salsa, Sauces
      Yield: 4 -6 serving
 
      1 ga Whole peeled tomatoes
      1 lg Onion; chopped
      1 tb Garlic; granulated
      1 tb Salt
  1 1/2 lb Fresh jalapenos
    1/2 c  Chile pequin
      1 oz Fresh cilantro
 
  Combine all ingredients. Let marinate for several hours. Enjoy.
  
  Contributor:  Chile Pepper Magazine, MM format by Roy Olsen
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC PENNSYLVANIA DUTCH SHOO FLY PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts, Penndutch
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Baking Molasses
      1    Egg Yolk
    1/2 ts Baking Soda
    3/4 c  Boiling Water
    3/4 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Brown Sugar
      2 tb Butter
    1/8 ts Nutmeg
    1/8 ts Ground Ginger
    1/8 ts Ground Cloves
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Salt
      1    Pastry for 9 inch pie
 
  Dissolve soda in boiling water and add to egg and molasses. Set
  aside. Stir dry ingredients together, mixing well. Cut in shortening
  until mixture looks like coarse crumbs. Pour molasses into pie shell.
   Sprinkle crumbs evenly over top.  Do not stir.  Bake at 450 degrees
  for 15 minutes then reduce heat to 350 degrees and bake 20 minutes
  longer. Cool and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC SOUTHERN STYLE BARBECUED RIBS (SECR
 Categories: Pork, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM------------------------SECRET SAUCE-----------------------------
      1    Bottle ketchup, 32 ounce
           -large size (Heinz is my
           -favorite)
    2/3 sm Jar prepared yellow mustard
           -(ie. French's)
    1/2 lb Dark brown sugar
    1/3 lg Onion, chopped coarsely
      3 tb Distilled white vinegar
      2 lg Lemons, sliced
           Tabasco hot sauce to taste
           -(3 drops to 1/2 ts)
           Ground black pepper to
           -taste (lots of it)
           No salt (plenty in the
           -ketchup)
 
  Preparation time:  1/2 day, but constant attention is not required.
  
  Simmer the sauce, stirring until the sugar is melted. Then, stir
  occasionally for a few minutes while the oil is drawn out of the
  lemon. Do not allow to scorch. Remove from heat and set aside.
  
  Broil the ribs flesh side up until browned.  Turn and cook flesh side
  down, brown again.  Now brush both sides with some of the sauce and
  cook on each side for five minutes. Do not let them burn or blacken!
  The RIBS at this point look good, but they are still raw.
  
  Cut the ribs apart and dip each rib in the sauce. Pile the ribs high
  on a full-sized oven broiler rack and pan, and pour any remaining
  sauce, less a cup or so, over the ribs.
  
  Cover the ribs with heavy-duty aluminium foil, tucking in around the
  outside edge of the pan to make an airtight container. Cook in the
  oven at 325F for 2 hours.
  
  Remove from oven and open very carefully.  Beware the live steam that
  will rush out.  Allow to sit, opened for a few minutes.
  
  The end result is smoked, steamed, tender meat which falls from the
  bones. All fat is rendered and drains into the pan.
  
  Use leftover sauce when warming over the second day.
  
  SAUCE VARIATION: Molasses, tomato paste, onion, spices
  
  Unfortunately I don't have anyplace to grill outdoors so can first
  part of the recipe (which calls for outdoor grilling) be substituted
  by putting the ribs in the oven?
  
  Rinse and dry ribs; then cut apart.  Heat about 3 cups oil in a wok.
  When very hot, add ribs in small batches and fry until brown and
  crispy, about 5 minutes. Remove and drain.
  
  [They are absolutely delicious at this point.  Once I forgot to make
  the sauce until I was half done eating the ribs! They're great served
  at this point with various Chinese dips ++mustard with a dish of
  chopped scallions, hoisin sauce, chili sauces, etc.  S.C.]
  
  Combine sugar, vinegar, salt and soy sauce.  Remove oil from wok;
  return wok to stove and turn heat to high. When hot, add vinegar
  mixture. Cook, stirring, over high heat until syrupy. Add ribs; toss
  in the mixture until well coated.  Serve warm or at room temperature.
  
  San Francisco Chronicle, date unknown...
  
  I have never tried that, but I suspect a compromise could be worked.
  Most of the actual cooking occurs during the oven portion. The
  purpose of the outdoor grilling is to both sear and seal the meat,
  and impart the unique flavor of barbecue to the ribs by exposing it
  to the smoke created when the drippings from the meat vaporize on the
  hot briquets. An additional (and desirable) flavor is also imparted
  to the meat if real charcoal briquets are used.
  
  The addition of the "Secret Sauce" during the last portion of the
  outdoor phase also contributes to the taste.
  
  As a non-outside alternative, I would suggest oven broiling of the
  ribs as a substitute for the outdoor searing. During the final
  portion, the coating of the slabs could still be done (the 5 minutes
  per side part).
  
  To possibly aid in giving a barbecue-like flavor, a drop or two of
  liquid smoke could be added **only** to the small portion of the
  sauce that is used to coat the ribs during the searing process.
  There's a possibility the time under the broiler may need to be
  shortened when compared with the outside method.
  
  Liquid smoke is a very potent ingredient, and I have never found it
  satisfactory for my own use. Obviously, some must, as it is still
  sold. As a rule of thumb, I would advise forgetting about the amount
  recommended for use on the bottle, and if in doubt, "use less". Then,
  following the oven broiling, you can continue by cutting the ribs
  apart, and continuing by the recipe.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; October 5 1992.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC SWEET & SOUR PORK
 Categories: China, Ham/pork
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Lean boneless pork
      1 tb Rice wine or dry sherry
      1 tb Light soy sauce
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 sm Green bell pepper
      1 sm Red bell pepper
      1    Carrot
      2    Scallions
      1    Egg, beaten
      2 tb Cornstarch
      2 c  Oil, preferably peanut
      3 oz Canned leches, drained, or:
      1    -fresh orange in segments

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
    2/3 c  Chicken stock
      1 tb Light soy sauce
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 tb Chinese white rice vinegar
           -or cider vinegar
      1 tb Sugar
      1 tb Tomato paste
      1 ts Cornstarch
      1 ts Water
 
  CUT THE PORK INTO 1-INCH cubes. Put the cubes into a bowl together
  with the rice wine or sherry, 1 tablespoon of light soy sauce and 1/2
  teaspoon salt, and marinate for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, cut the green
  and red peppers into 1-inch squares. Peel and cut the carrot and
  scallions into 1-inch chunks. Bring a pot of water to a boil and
  blanch the carrots in it for 4 minutes; drain and set aside. Mix the
  egg and cornstarch in a bowl until they are well blended into a
  batter. Lift the pork cubes out of the marinade, put them into the
  batter and coat each piece well. Heat the oil in a deep-fat fryer or
  large wok until it is almost smoking. Remove the pork pieces from the
  batter with a slotted spoon, and deep-fry them. Drain the deep-fried
  pork cubes on paper towels. Combine the chicken stock, soy sauce,
  salt, vinegar, sugar and tomato paste in a large saucepan. Bring it
  to a boil. Add vegetables (not the leches or oranges.) Stir well. In
  a small bowl, blend together the cornstarch and water. Stir this
  mixture into the sauce and bring it back to a boil. Turn the heat
  down to a simmer. Add the leches or oranges and pork cubes. Mix well,
  and then turn the mixture onto a deep platter. Serve at once.
  
  KEN HOM - PRODIGY GUEST CHEFS COOKBOOK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC SWEET-AND-SOUR PORK
 Categories: Meats
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    3/4 lb Lean boneless pork
      1 tb Rice wine or dry sherry
      1 tb Light soy sauce
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 sm Green bell pepper
      1 sm Red bell pepper
      1    Carrot
      2    Scallions
      1    Egg; beaten
      2 tb Cornstarch
      2 c  Oil, preferably peanut
      3 oz Canned lychees, drained; OR
      1    -fresh orange in segments

MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
    2/3 c  Chicken stock
      1 tb Light soy sauce
    1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 tb Chinese white rice vinegar
           -or cider vinegar
      1 tb Sugar
      1 tb Tomato paste
      1 ts Cornstarch
      1 ts Water
 
  CUT THE PORK INTO 1-INCH cubes. Put the cubes into a bowl together
  with the rice wine or sherry, 1 tablespoon of light soy sauce and 1/2
  teaspoon salt, and marinate for 20 minutes. Meanwhile, cut the green
  and red peppers into 1-inch squares. Peel and cut the carrot and
  scallions into 1-inch chunks. Bring a pot of water to a boil and
  blanch the carrots in it for 4 minutes; drain and set aside. Mix the
  egg and cornstarch in a bowl until they are well blended into a
  batter. Lift the pork cubes out of the marinade, put them into the
  batter and coat each piece well. Heat the oil in a deep-fat fryer or
  large wok until it is almost smoking. Remove the pork pieces from the
  batter with a slotted spoon, and deep-fry them. Drain the deep-fried
  pork cubes on paper towels. Combine the chicken stock, soy sauce,
  salt, vinegar, sugar and tomato paste in a large saucepan. Bring it
  to a boil. Add vegetables (not the lychees or oranges.) Stir well. In
  a small bowl, blend together the cornstarch and water. Stir this
  mixture into the sauce and bring it back to a boil. Turn the heat
  down to a simmer. Add the lychees or oranges and pork cubes. Mix
  well, and then turn the mixture onto a deep platter. Serve at once.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC TANDOORI CHICKEN
 Categories: Chicken
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Text recipe
 
  Make a marinade of yoghurt, lime juice, chilli powder or paprika, five
  spice powder (we would used "garam masala" which is a powder of
  cloves, cinnamon, bay leaf, cardamom, nutmeg and pepper corns) paste
  of green chillis, ginger-garlic paste, a pinch of red food colouring
  and salt. Marinate it for at least three to four hours (leaving it
  overnight would be best). Then heat your oven, pop the chicken pieces
  in an oven-proof dish, pour in a little of the marinade and for the
  effect of the "tandoor" place a piece of live-coal in your oven (it
  gives a wonderful aroma). It takes around 10-15 minutes to get done
  but around half way open the oven and brush the chicken with oil.
  Make sure not to overdo it. It should be just done for the chicken to
  be nice and succulent. When it is nice and dry serve it on a bed of
  lettuce with lemon wedges (which could also be squeesed on the
  chicken before serving) and a sprig of parsley.
  
  Tandoori is a style of cooking which is close to grilling. In olden
  times it used to be done in big clay pots which used to be put under
  the ground for the meat to cook..but now we have "tandoors" or ovens
  could be used too.
  
  From : Ramu Menon  6:606/1  17 Jun 96  12:58:00
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC TEX-MEX FAJITAS
 Categories: Beef
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 lb Beef skirt steak
    1/2    Onion; halved, slice thin
      2 ts Ground cumin
      2 ts Powdered red chiles
      3    Jalapenos; (pickled) chopped
      2    Cl Garlic; chopped
    1/4 c  Lime juice
      2 tb Jalapeno pickling liquid; *
      1 tb Corn oil
      1 tb Soy sauce; (optional)
      1 ts Liquid smoke; (optional)
 
  This is the liquid used to pickle and flavor the jalapenos. It is
  basically white vinegar with added spices, and there is always ample
  liquid in the jar or can to use in this recipe, without leaving the
  remaining jalapenos dry.
  
   1. Place half of the onions in the bottom of a nonreactive dish. Mix
  the cumin, powdered red chiles, chopped jalapenos and garlic together
  in a small bowl, then rub on all sides of the meat. Put the skirt
  steak into the dish, on top of the onions. Pour the lime juice and
  the jalapeno liquid over all areas to coat. Sprinkle the remaining
  onions on top of the meat. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour, but
  preferably overnight, turning once.
  
   2. Preheat the grill or broiler until hot. Fajitas need to cook
  close to a very high heat source, in order to sear the outside but
  still leave the interior medium rare. Mix together the oil and, if
  you are using them, the soy sauce and liquid smoke. Brush or spoon
  the oil mixture onto the meat surfaces. Grill or broil about 2 to 3
  minutes on each side, or until the outside is brown and slightly
  charred, and the inside is still slightly pink.
  
   3. Remove the meat to a cutting board. Let sit 5 minutes before
  slicing. Cut the meat into thin strips that can be easily rolled into
  tortillas. Serve with warm, soft flour tortillas and fresh Pico de
  Gallo or Salsa Fresca.
  
  NOTES:
  
  Fajitas are pure Tex-Mex food. They originated along the Rio Grande
  River on the Texas-Mexico border and were eaten by cattle wranglers.
  The skirt steak is the traditional cut used and was reserved
  primarily for the chief cowboy. Other cuts of beef can be
  substituted, such as flank steak or sirloin, but the skirt is by far
  the most tender, flavorful and authentic.
  
  You might be wondering where the cast-iron griddle with the sizzling
  bell peppers and onions are in this recipe. While such a serving
  method may be dramatic, it is an affectation developed mainly by
  chain restaurants and is in no way a part of true Tex-Mex fajitas.
  You may go ahead and add it, but I am still partial to the clean,
  simple taste of hot grilled meat topped solely with fresh tomato
  salsa and blanketed in warm, soft tortillas. I do make two minor
  additions in my recipe when oven-broiling: I add soy sauce to help
  the thinly cut steaks brown quicker, and I use bottled "liquid smoke"
  to replicate the flavors created by the more desirable method of
  charcoal-grilling. Otherwise, this recipe is as authentic as it gets.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTHENTIC TEXAS BORDER CHILI
 Categories: Chili
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      3    Tomatoes,med
      1    Onion,Burmuda,lg,fine chop
    1/4 ts Oregano,dried,pref. Mexican
      2 ts Paprika
      5    Garlic cloves,lg,fine chop
      4 lb Beef shank,coarse grind
      1 tb Lard,butter,or bacon dripins
      4    Scallions,in bunches,chopped
      5    Bell pepper(s)
      5    Serrano chiles,fresh
      1 lb Chorizo sausage or
      1 lb Sausage,hot,non-Italian
      4    Garlic cloves,med,fine chop
      2 ts Salt
      4 tb Red chile,hot,ground
      4 tb Red chile,mild,ground
      3 tb Cumin seeds
           Beer
           Water
 
  1. Puree the first four ingredients plus one clove of the garlic in a
  blender or food processor (using the steel blade). Scrape the mixture
  into a large heavy pot and add the beef.
  
  2. Melt the lard, butter, or bacon drippings in a heavy skillet over
  medium heat. Add the scallions, bell peppers, serrano chiles,
  sausage, and the remaining garlic, and cook until the onions are
  translucent and the sausage is browned.
  
  3. Place the cumin seeds in a 300' oven for a few minutes until
  lightly browned. Remove seeds from the oven and crush them with a
  mallet. Stir the vegetables into the beef and tomato mixture. Add the
  salt ground chile, cumin, and enough water or beer to cover. Bring to
  a boil over medium-high heat, then lower the heat and simmer,
  uncovered for 4 to 6 hours. Taste and adjust seasonings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN APPLE BREAD
 Categories: Apples, Breads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------LORELI AGUDA WSKD49A-------------------------
    1/4 c  Shortening
    2/3 c  Sugar
      2    Eggs, beaten
      2 c  All purpose flour, sifted
      1 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
      2 c  Apples, coarsely grated,
           -peeled raw
      1 tb Grated lemon peel
    2/3 c  Nuts, chopped
 
  Cream shortening and sugar until light and fluffy; beat in eggs. Sift
  next 4 ingredients. Add alternately with apples to egg mixture. Stir
  in lemon rind and nuts. Bake in floured, greased 9x5x3 inch loaf pan
  in preheated 350 oven for approximately 40 to 50 minutes. Cool before
  slicing.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN APPLE MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins, Low-cal, Cakes, Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
      1    Egg, slightly beaten
      2 tb Soft butter
    1/4 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  2% yogurt OR
           3/4ts lemon juice + 2% milk
    1/3 c  2% milk
    1/2 c  Bran
      1 md Apple, grated
    1/2 c  Raisins, soaked
    1/2 c  Rolled oats
           DRY INGREDIENTS
    1/3 c  Wholewheat flour
    1/3 c  All-purpose flour
    3/4 ts Baking powder
    1/2 ts Baking soda
    3/4 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 ts Salt
 
  In large bowl, combine the first nine ingredients. Sift dry
  ingredients together.  Add to bran mixture, stirring until moistened.
  Spoon into muffin cups. Bake at 425 F about 20 minutes or until
  golden brown. Makes 12 small muffins.
  
  1 muffin contains 114 calories, 1 starch choice, 1/2 fruit, 1/2 fat
  
  Source:  Enjoy B.C. Fruit the Diabetic Way by Elaine Johnston c. 1982
  Shared and tested by Elizabeth Rodier Sept 93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN APPLE PUNCH
 Categories: Beverages
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
  1 1/2 qt Apple juice
      2    Cinnamon sticks
      8    Whole cloves
  1 1/3 c  Pineapple juice
    1/2 c  Lemon juice
      2 pt Orange juice
     28 oz Ginger ale
 
  Place apple juice in a NON-aluminum kettle; tie spices in
  cheesecloth, add to kettle, and simmer uncovered 15 minutes; discard
  spice bag. Mix spiced juice with remaining fruit juices. To serve,
  place a large block of ice in a large punch bowl, add fruit juice and
  ginger ale.
  
  From: Terri St.Louis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN APPLE SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Fruits
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 cn (20 ounces) crushed
           -pineapple, undrained
    2/3 c  Sugar
      1 pk (3 ounces) lemon-flavored
           -gelatin
      1 pk (8 ounces) cream cheese,
           -softened
      1 c  Diced unpeeled apples
    1/2    To 1 cup chopped nuts
      1 c  Chopped celery
      1 c  Whipped topping Lettuce
           -leaves
 
  In a saucepan, combine pineapple and sugar; bring to a boil and boil
  for 3 minutes. Add gelatin; stir until dissolved. Add cream cheese;
  stir until mixture is thoroughly combined. Cool. Fold in apples,
  nuts, celery and whipped topping. Pour into a 9-in. square baking
  pan. Chill until firm. Cut into squares and serve on lettuce leaves.
  
  Yield: 9-12 servings. From the files of Al Rice, North Pole Alaska.
  Feb 1994
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN APPLE SHORTCAKES
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------------SHORTCAKE------------------------------
      2 c  Bisquick
    1/2 c  Water
      2 tb Sugar
      2 tb Shredded orange peel

MMMMM------------------CRANBERRY APPLE FILLING-----------------------
      2 c  Cranberries
    1/3 c  Apple juice
      2 c  Apples; peeled, thinly slice
    2/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Apple juice
      1 tb Cornstarch
 
  Heat oven to 450F.  Grease cookie sheet.  Stir Bisquick, water, sugar
  and orange peel until soft dough forms. Drop by 6 spoonsful onto
  cookie sheet. Sprinkle with additional sugar, if desired.  bake 8 to
  10 minutes, until brown.  Prepare Cranberry-Apple filling. Split
  shortcakes and fill and top shortcakes with filling and whipped cream.
  
  Cranberry-Apple Filling:
  
  Heat cranberries and 1/3 cup apple juice to boiling in 2 qt. pan.
  Stir in apples and reduce heat.  Simmer uncovered 5 minutes, or until
  apples are softened. Mix remaining ingredients and stir into
  cranberry mixture. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens
  and boils. Boil and stir one minute and remove from heat. Serve warm.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN BARLEY STEW
 Categories: Vegetarian, Main dish, Soups
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
  1 3/4 c  Barley
     10 c  Vegetable broth
      2    Onions; chopped in large
           -pieces
      3    Potatoes, white; chunked
      1 lg Sweet potato; chunked
      1 lb Brussels sprouts
      2 tb Tamari, low sodium
      1 ts Parsley flakes
      2 ts Oregano
      1 ts Dill weed
      3    Tomatoes; wedged
 
   Place barley and water in large pot. Bring to a boil.
   Add remaining ingedients, except the tomatoes.
   Reduceheat, cover, and simmer about 50 minutes. Add the tomatoes.
  Cook an additional 10 minutes. Serve hot.
  
   Can be prepared in a slow cooker, but don't add the tomatoes until
  just before serving.
  
   From the files of DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN BREAKFAST SQUASH SOUP
 Categories: Breakfast, Soups, Vegetarian, Ethnic
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 c  Diced butternut squash
           -- (peeled)
      1 c  Diced carrots
    1/2 c  Diced onions
      1 tb Canola oil
      1 tb White miso
    3/4 c  Water

MMMMM--------------------------OPTIONAL-------------------------------
      1 tb Orange juice concentrate
           -OR- more if desired
           -- thawed
 
  A soup this hearty makes a wonderful morning meal by itself or served
  with whole grain bread.
  
  DIRECTIONS ========== Steam squash and carrots for 10 minutes. Set
  aside.
  
  Saute onions in oil until translucent.
  
  Dissolve miso in water.
  
  Place all ingredients in a blender and puree.
  
  Per serving: 202 cal, 4 g prot, 342 mg sod, 31 g carb, 9 g fat, 0 mg
  chol, 112 mg calcium
  
  * Source: Chef Ron Pickarski, Vegetarian Gourmet (Autumn 1993) *
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Desserts, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 c  Graham Cracker Crumbs
      3 tb Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Margarine, Melted
     16 oz Cream Cheese, Softened
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ea Large Eggs
    1/2 ts Vanilla
      4 c  Thinly Slied Peeled Apples
    1/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Chopped Pecans
 
  Combine crumbs, sugar, cinnamon and margarine, press onto bottom of
  9-inch springform pan.  Bake at 350 degrees F., 10 minutes. Combine
  cream cheese and sugar, mixing at medium speed on electric mixer,
  until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each
  addition. Blend in vanilla, pour over crust. Toss apples with
  combined sugar and cinnamon. Spoon apple mixture over cream cheese
  layer; sprinkle with pecans. Bake at 350 degrees F., 1 hour and 10
  minutes. Loosen cake from rim of pan; cool before removing rim of
  pan.  Chill. VARIATION: Add 1/2 Cup finely chopped pecans with crumbs
  for crust. Continue as directed.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cakes, Cheese, Cheesecakes
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------------BASE---------------------------------
    1/2 ts . cinnamon

MMMMM----------------------------BODY---------------------------------
      2 pk 8-ounce cream cheese, soften
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ea Eggs
    1/2 ts Vanilla

MMMMM--------------------------TOPPING-------------------------------
      4 c  Thin peeled apple slices
    1/3 c  Sugar
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/4 c  Chopped pecans
      1    Cup graham cracker crumbs
      3    Tbsp. sugar
    1/4    Cup margarine, melted
 
  BASE: Combine crumbs, sugar, cinnamon and margarine; press onto
  bottom of 9-inch springform pan.  Bake at 350, 10 minutes.
   BODY: Combine cream cheese and sugar, mixing at medium speed on
  electric mixer until well blended. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing
  well after each addition.  Blend in vanilla; pour over crust.
   TOPPING: Toss apples with combined sugar and cinnamon. Spoon apple
  mixture over cream cheese layer; sprinkle with chopped pecans. Bake
  at 350, 1 hour and 10 minutes.  Loosen cake from rim of pan; cool
  before removing rim of pan.  Chill.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN CHEESECAKE (SPICED PUMPKIN)
 Categories: Cheesecakes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Graham cracker crumbs; --or-
    3/4 c  Vanilla wafer crumbs
    1/2 c  Walnuts; ground
      6 tb Melted butter
      2 lb Cream cheese; softened
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
    1/3 c  Flour
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Nutmeg
    1/2 ts Ground cloves
    1/4 ts Ground allspice
      6 lg Eggs
  1 1/2 c  Pumpkin puree; (14 1/2 oz.)
           Whipped cream
 
   Prepare 9" springform pan (butter sides and bottom). Combine graham
  or vanilla wafer crumbs, walnuts, melted butter and press up sides
  and on bottom of pan. Chill. In large bowl, beat cream cheese until
  light. Gradually add sugar, flour and spices. Beat in eggs, 1 at a
  time, blending well. Add pumpkin puree and blend well. Pour batter
  into chilled pan and bake in center of oven at 325 F for 90 minutes.
   Turn off heat and let cake stand for 30 min. with door open. Cool on
  rack and then chill for 2 hours for about 2 hours.
  
   Serve with whipped cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN CHICKEN 'N' DUMPLINGS
 Categories: Magazine, Poultry, Soups/stews
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      5 lb Chicken legs & thighs;
           .  skinned & defatted
    1/2 c  Flour; all-purpose
      4 tb Olive oil
      4 lg Leeks; cleaned & cut into
           .  1" long slices
      6 md Carrots; sliced
      4    Stalks of celery; sliced
      2    Apples; tart, cut into thick
           .  wedges
      3 c  Chicken broth
      1 c  Apple juice
      2 tb Dill; finely chopped
    1/2 ts Salt
        pn Black pepper
      1 x  Dill Cornmeal Dumplings
           .  (recipe follows)
 
  1. In large plastic or paper bag, coat chicken with flour in 2
  batches, shaking off excess. Place in single layer on wax paper
  
  2. Warm 3 tablespoons of the oil in 8-quart Dutch oven over medium
  heat. Add chicken in batches so pan is not crowded. Cook 15 to 20
  minutes per batch, or until browned on all sides. Remove to large
  plate.
  
  3. Warm remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in same pan over medium heat.
  Add leeks; cook 5 minutes, or until lightly browned, stirring to
  scrape up brown bits. Add carrots, celery and apple wedges; cook 4
  minutes. Add browned chicken, broth, juice, dill, salt and pepper.
  Cover; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 15 minutes.
  
  4. While chicken cooks, make dumpling batter (recipe follows).
  
  Dinner Plan: Before adding dumplings, remove 1/2 of stew to
  microwaveproof container; cool, then freeze for later use. With a
  large spoon, drop dumpling batter in 8 spoonfuls over remaining stew.
  Simmer over medium-low heat, covered, about 16 minutes, or until
  dumplings are done. (Approximate microwave time: De- ost 45 minutes.
  When defrosted, place in deep, 10-inch skillet. Make another batch of
  dumplings, and continue cooking as directed above.)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN CHUTNEY
 Categories: Chutneys
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lb Plums -- halved and stoned
      1 lb Apples -- peeled and cored
      1 lb Tomatoes -- chopped
      1 lb Onions -- sliced
      2 lg Garlic cloves -- chopped
      3 c  Sultanas -- (raisins)
    1/4 ts Mace
    1/4 ts Ground mixed spice
      2 tb Ground ginger
      1 lb Light brown sugar
 
  Mix the fruit and vegetables together.  Put into an preserving pan
  (Note: these books call for an aluminum pan - I just don't use
  aluminum with acid food )  Add the remaining ingredients, except the
  sugar. Simmer for about 30 minutes until tender. Add the sugar and
  stir until dissolved. Simmer gently, stirring frequently, until
  thick. (Note: how long this takes depends on the water content of the
  fruits). Cool, then pack the chutney into clean jars.  Cover and
  seal. PS: I always refrigerate after opening the jar. "Gathering the
  produce of the season as the days shorten, as the sun travels lower
  in the sky and the earth quietens, is a deeply satisfying pastime.
  Making the most of the produce is a pleasure, too, and this chutney
  brings several of the fruits of the season together in a
  mouthwatering way.
  
  Recipe By     : Country Harvest (a Celebration of Autumn)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN COLORS SALAD
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -aka Sweet Potato/Apple
           -Salad
 
  about 4 cups peeled, cubed sweet potatoes or yams 1 apple, skin on,
  chopped 2 stalks celery, sliced 1 small red onion, chopped 1 teaspoon
  fresh ginger, grated rice vinegar to taste
  
  steam potatoes til soft, not mushy toss all ingredients lightly dress
  with vinegar to taste chill From: Jagordon@agsm.Ucla.Edu
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN FRUIT CORNISH HENS
 Categories: 
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      8    Cornish game hens
           -(each about 1 lb)
     12 lg Garlic cloves, peeled
           -and finely minced
      4 tb Oregano, dried
           Salt (to taste)
           Pepper (to taste)
      1 c  Red wine vinegar
    1/2 c  Olive oil
      1 c  Prunes, pitted
      1 c  Apricots, dried
      1 c  Green olives, pitted
    1/2 c  Capers (plus a bit
           -of the juice)
      8    Bay leaves
      1 c  Brown sugar
      1 c  White wine, dry
      4 tb Italian parsley (chopped)
 
  Clean hens well under cold water.  Pat dry.
  
  In a large bowl, combine hens, garlic, oregano, salt, pepper,
  vinegar, oil, prunes, apricots, olives, capers (with juice) and bay
  leaves. Cover and refrigerate overnight to marinate.
  
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Arrange game hens in 1 or 2 shallow
  roasting pans. Spoon all the marinade over the hens. Sprinkle evenly
  with brown sugar and pour wine around them. Bake for 1 to 1 1/4
  hours, basting frequently, until golden. Juice should look clear when
  thigh is pricked with a fork. Transfer hens, fruit, olives and capers
  to a serving platter. Moisten with pan juices and sprinkle with
  parsley. Pass remaining pan juices in a sauce boat.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  Cornish game hens stewed in fruit and sugar -- I originally got
  this recipe from the Sunday magazine of the local paper. I served it
  last year for Christmas dinner, and it's very good. What's more, this
  recipe is easy: you just put everything in a bowl, marinate
  overnight, then bake until done!
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  5 minutes preparation, overnight marinating, 1 hour cooking.
  : Precision:  approximate measurement OK.
  
  : Nancy Mintz
  : UNIX System Development Lab, AT&T-IS, Summit, NJ
  : ihnp4!attunix!nlm
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN FRUIT SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Fruits
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
 
        2    red delicious apples
        1    sliced bananas
        1    Granny Smith apple
        2    Bartlett pears
      1/2 lb red grapes
      1/2 c  almond slivers -- toasted
        1 c  vanilla yogurt
        1 ts cinnamon
      1/4 ts ground ginger
      1/2 ts nutmeg
        1 TB apple cider
  
  Wash and core apples and pears, peeling if desired. Cut into one inch
  chunks. Slice bananas 1/2" thick. Wash grapes and cut in half. Combine
  fruits and almonds in salad bowl. Mix yogurt with spices and cider.
  Pour over fruit salad and stir to coat fruits evenly. Chill.
  
  Recipe By     : Elizabeth Powell
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN FRUITED CHICKEN
 Categories: Poultry
      Yield: 1 Recipe
 
     12    Pieces chicken
    1/2 c  Flour mixed in a plastic
           -bag with a little salt
           -and pepper
           Vegetable oil and butter
           -for frying
      1 tb Plus, brandy
      3    Cloves garlic, minced
      1 md Onion, minced
      2 c  Sliced fresh mushrooms
  1 1/2 c  Apple wine
      2    Each fresh pears and apples
           -peeled and quartered,
           -rinsed in lemon water
      2 ts Cornstarch
    1/4 c  (or less) water or chicken
           -stock
           Cooked noodles, rice
           -or couscous
 
  Shake chicken pieces in a plastic bag with flour, salt and pepper
  until lightly dusted and then brown in a little oil with melted
  butter. Pour the brandy over and flame. Set aside.
  
  Saute the onion and garlic, adding a little more oil/butter to the
  pan if needed.  Place chicken, onion mixture, mushrooms and wine in a
  baking dish. Add pears and apples.
  
  Bake, covered, at 350 degrees F. for 30 minutes or until chicken is
  done. Remove chicken and fruit to a heated platter and thicken sauce
  with cornstarch which has been mixed with a little water or chicken
  stock. Adjust seasonings. Serve over couscous, noodles or rice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN FRUITS WITH SHERRY SABAYON SAUCE
 Categories: Fruits, Desserts, Sauces
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------SAUCE--------------------------------
      3 ea Egg yolks
      2 tb Sugar
    2/3 c  Sherry
    2/3 c  Whipping cream
      1 ts Orange peel, grated

MMMMM---------------------------FRUIT--------------------------------
      1 ea Cantaloupe
      8 ea Figs, fresh -OR-
      2 pt Strawberries
      2 c  Green grapes
    1/2 c  Almonds, sliced
 
  Seed cantaloupe; cut into thin slices and peel.  Cut figs into wedges
  or halve strawberries.
  
  Whisk yolks and sugar to blend in top of stainless steel double
  boiler. Gradually whisk in half of sherry. Set over simmering water
  and whisk until mixture holds shape for 3 seconds when drizzled from
  whisk, about 5 minutes.  Remove from over water and refrigerate until
  cool, whisking occasionally.  Beat cream until soft peaks form. Fold
  into sabayon with remaining sherry and orange peel. Can be prepared 6
  hours ahead and chilled.
  
  To serve, arrange cantaloupe slices around center of plates. Combine
  figs or strawberries and grapes and mound in center. Spoon sauce over
  and sprinkle with toasted almonds.
  
  from _Bon Appetit_, October 1987.
  
  MM by Sylvia Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253, GT Cookbook
  echo moderator at net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN HARVEST BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Breadmakers
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
MMMMM----------------------1 1/2 POUND LOAF---------------------------
    1/2 c  Carrots; diced, cooked,
           -pureed
    1/2 c  Canned pumpkin; or diced
           -banana squash, cooked,
           -pureed
    1/2 c  Unsweetened applesauce
    1/4 c  Carrot water; the water
           -from which you cooked
           -the carrots
  1 1/2 c  Whole wheat flour
  1 1/2 c  Bread flour
  1 1/2 ts Salt
  1 1/2 tb Butter; or margarine
      2 tb Honey
    1/4 ts Allspice; ground
      2 ts Red Star yeast
 
  Place all ingredients in bread pan, press light crust setting, and
  press start. After baking cycle ends, remove bread from pan, place on
  cake rack, and allow to cool 1 hour before slicing. Book's Note:
  Welcome in the fall season with this delightful bread that's a
  perfect combination of autumn's colorful fruits and vegetables. This
  tender, slightly tangy bread is delectable served with an orange
  butter. From Bread Machine Magic by Linda Rehberg and Lois Conway
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN HARVEST COUSCOUS
 Categories: Vegetarian, Main dish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      6 md Leeks with 4 inches of
           -greens left on
      1 tb White vinegar
     12 c  Vegetable broth
      4 tb Olive oil
      8 lg Cilantro sprigs; washed,
      6    -roots and stems bruised
      9    Garlic cloves; peeled and
           -lightly bruised
      3    Cinnamon sticks; each 3 "
           -long
      2 ts Cumin
      2 ts Curry powder
    1/4 ts Saffron threads; crumbled
      1 ts Coarse salt
      6 md Carrots; peeled, halved]
           -lengthwise, and cut into
           -2" lengths
      3    Russet potatoes; peeled and
           -cut into quarters
    1/2 lb Turnips, small, white;
           -peeled and quartered
      3 sm Yellow onions; peeled and
           -halved
      2 md Zucchinis;ends trimmed
      3 lg Tomatoes, ripe; cored and
           -quartered
      1 cn Garbanzo beans (16 oz);
           -rinsed and drained
      1 c  Pitted prunes; halved
    1/2 c  Golden raisins
      3 tb Cilantro leaves; chopped
      8 c  Couscous; cooked
 
   1.  Trim roots off leeks. Cut a 2-inch "X"{ throught he white bulb
  and a 3-inch "X" through the green ends.
   Place leeks in a bowl and cover with water and 1 T vinegar.Soak for
  30 minutes to remove any sand.Drain and rinse under running water.
  Reserve.
  
   2.  While the leeks are soaking, prepare athe seasoned broth. Place
  broth, olvie oil, cilantro sprigs, garlic, cinnamon sticks,
  cumin,ciurry powder, saffron and salt in a very large, heavy pot.
  Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes.
  
   3.  Place reserved leeks, carrots, potatoes, turnips and onions into
  the broth. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 30 minutes.
  
   4.  Using a potato peeler, peel zucchini lengthwise at intervals to
  make 3 or 4 stripes in the skin. Cut zucchii into 1 1/2-inch lengths.
  
   5. Add zucchini, tomatoes, garbanzos, prunes and raisins.Stir gently
  so that vegetables don't break up.
   Cook for 30 minutes.
  
   6.  Just before serving, gently heat vegetables and broth through.
  Stir in 3 TBS of the chopped cilantro.
   Spoon cooked couscous into shallow bowls and top with vegetables and
  broth. Garnish with the remaining tablespoon of chopped cilantro.
  Serve hot.
  
   Per serving: 526 cal; 9 g fat; 0 chol
  
   Parade Magazine, Oct. 24, 1993/MM by DEEANNE
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN JEWELS GELATIN SALAD
 Categories: Holiday, Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
 
        1 c  cranberries
        2    apples
      1/2 c  sugar
        6 oz red gelatin
       15 oz crushed pineapple
        1 c  celery -- diced
      1/2 c  nuts -- chopped
        2 c  boiling water
  
  * Use pecans, walnuts, or a mixture of both.
  
  Chop the cranberries, apples and celery into small pieces. Drain the
  pineapple and save juice. Combine cranberries, apples and sugar;
  cover and refrigerate while preparing rest of salad. Combine gelatin
  with boiling water and stir until dissolved. Add enough water or
  fruit juice (apricot nectar, strawberry nectar etc.) to pineapple
  juice to equal 1 cup. Add this to the gelatin mixture. Chill in
  refrigerator until slightly thickened. Combine the cranberry-apple
  mixture with celery, drained pineapple and nuts. Stir into gelatin
  mixture. Pour into lightly greased mold or into individual serving
  molds. Chill until firm. Unmold and serve on a bed of lettuce or
  garnish with sour cream or slightly sweetened whipped cream and a
  very light sprinkling of cinnamon.
  
  Recipe By     : Jo Anne Merrill
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN PEAR SALSA
 Categories: Sauces
      Yield: 3 Cups
 
      1 lg Grapefruit; preferably pink
      2 md Ripe pears
    1/2 c  Dried cherries/cranberries
      2 tb Red onion; finely chopped
    1/2 ts Garlic; finely chopped
    1/2 ts Jalapeno pepper; finely
           -chopped
    1/2 ts Grated lime zest
      2 tb Fresh lime juice
 
  When looking for grapefruits, try to find the sweet pink ones, as they
  complement the pears best.  Serve as a condiment as you would
  cranberry sauce with turkey.
  
  1. Peel the grapefruit, removing all white pith. Carefully section the
  fruit, then cut each section crosswise into thirds. Place in a bowl
  with any accumulated juices.
  
  2. Peel and core the pears, then cut into 1/4" dice. Add at once to
  the grapefruit to prevent discoloration.
  
  3. Toss with the remaining ingredients.
  
  Per tablespoon: 11 calories, 0.1 gram fat, no cholesterol. Serve with
  wild game.
  
  From the MM database of Judi M. Phelps. jphelps@shell.portal.com or
  jphelps@best.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN PUNCH
 Categories: Beverage, Punch, Non-alcohol, Autumn, Sthrn/livng
      Yield: 7 Quarts
 
  1 1/2 c  Honey
    3/4 c  Lemon juice
      6 ea Whole cardamom seeds
      3 ea 3-inch sticks cinnamon
      1 ts Whole allspice
      2 ts Whole cloves
  1 1/2 qt Cranberry juice
      5 c  Apple cider
      5 c  Apricot nectar
      3 qt Ginger ale
           Crushed ice
 
     Combine first 6 ingredients in a saucepan; bring to a boil, reduce
  heat, and simmer 10 minutes.  Strain and discard spices. Chill.
  Combine chilled mixture with remaining juices and ginger ale. Serve
  over crushed ice. Yield: 7-1/2 quarts.
  
  Mrs. Carl Smith of Florida  in September, 1988 "Southern Living"
  Typos by Jeff Pruett
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN QUICK BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Kooknet
      Yield: 4 Sm loaves
 
MMMMM----------------------QUICK BREAD BASE---------------------------
  1 1/2 c  Flour
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Sugar
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 c  Vegetable oil
      2    Eggs, beaten

MMMMM--------------------------PUMPKIN-------------------------------
      1 c  Canned pumpkin
      2 ts Pumpkin pie spice
    1/3 c  Nuts (optional)
    1/3 c  Raisins (optional)

MMMMM-------------------------APPLESAUCE------------------------------
      1 c  Applesauce
      1 tb Molasses
      1 ts Cinnamon

MMMMM---------------------------BANANA--------------------------------
      3    Ripe bananas, mashed
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ginger

MMMMM--------------------PEANUT BUTTER BANANA-------------------------
      2    Ripe bananas, mashed
    1/2 c  Peanut butter

MMMMM-------------------------CRANBERRY------------------------------
      1 c  Cranberries, chopped
      1 tb Orange juice concentrate
 
  Preheat oven to 325.  Gather the ingredients for the Quick Bread Base
  and one of the variations.  Coat 4 small loaf pans with vegetable
  cooking spray.  Combine dry ingredients; blend well and set aside.
  Combine wet ingredients; blend well.  Mix together wet and dry
  ingredients. Do not overmix.  Distribute batter among the 4 pans, and
  bake for 30 to 40 minutes.
  
  Source: Lisa Clarke
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN QUINOA & BUTTER BEANS
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Quinoa
      2 tb Margarine
    3/4 c  Finely chopped onion
      1 tb Minced fresh ginger
    3/4 c  Orange juice
    2/3 c  -Water
      2 tb Honey
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground coriander
    1/4 ts Ground cardamom
    1/8 ts Ground nutmeg
      1 c  Diced sweet potato
           -(1/2" pieces)
      1 c  Diced butternut squash
           -(1/2" pieces)
  1 1/2 c  Cooked/canned butter beans
           -(drained and rinsed)
    1/4 c  Chopped cranberries
 
  Thoroughly rinse the quinoa by placing it in a large bowl and filling
  the bowl with cold water.  Drain the quinoa and repeat the rinsing
  and draining 4 more times; set aside.
  
  Melt the margarine in a 2-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. Add
  the onion and ginger, and cook, stirring, until the onion is
  softened. Stir in the orange juice, water, honey, salt, coriander,
  cardamom, and nutmeg; bring to a boil.  Stir in the sweet potato and
  squash; bring to a boil. Cook, uncovered, 7 minutes. Stir in the
  butter beans and quinoa, and return to a boil.  Reduce the heat and
  simmer, covered, 15 minutes. Stir in the cranberries; simmer,
  covered, 5 minutes longer.
  
  Calories:       345                     Total Fat:
      6.7 g Protein: 10.8 g                  Saturated Fat: 1.3 g
  Carbohydrates: 56.0 g Cholesterol: 0 Fiber: 8.8 g Sodium: 392 mg
  
  Source: Wholesome Harvest - by Carol Gelles
  :       ISBN: 0-316-30735-1
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN QUINOA & BUTTER BEANS
 Categories: Main dish, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Quinoa
      2 tb Margarine
    3/4 c  Finely chopped onion
      1 tb Minced fresh ginger
    3/4 c  Orange juice
    2/3 c  -Water
      2 tb Honey
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Ground coriander
    1/4 ts Ground cardamom
    1/8 ts Ground nutmeg
      1 c  Diced sweet potato
           -(1/2" pieces)
      1 c  Diced butternut squash
           -(1/2" pieces)
  1 1/2 c  Cooked/canned butter beans
           -(drained and rinsed)
    1/4 c  Chopped cranberries
 
  Thoroughly rinse the quinoa by placing it in a large bowl and filling
  the bowl with cold water.  Drain the quinoa and repeat the rinsing
  and draining 4 more times; set aside.
  
  Melt the margarine in a 2-quart saucepan over medium-high heat. Add
  the onion and ginger, and cook, stirring, until the onion is
  softened. Stir in the orange juice, water, honey, salt, coriander,
  cardamom, and nutmeg; bring to a boil.  Stir in the sweet potato and
  squash; bring to a boil. Cook, uncovered, 7 minutes. Stir in the
  butter beans and quinoa, and return to a boil.  Reduce the heat and
  simmer, covered, 15 minutes. Stir in the cranberries; simmer,
  covered, 5 minutes longer.
  
  Calories:       345                     Total Fat:
      6.7 g Protein: 10.8 g                  Saturated Fat: 1.3 g
  Carbohydrates: 56.0 g Cholesterol: 0 Fiber: 8.8 g Sodium: 392 mg
  
  Source: Wholesome Harvest - by Carol Gelles (ISBN: 0-316-30735-1)
  
  Typed for you by Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN RAREBIT SOUP
 Categories: Soups/stews, Vegetables, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      5 c  Pumpkin; or squash, cooked
  2 1/2 c  Chicken stock
  1 1/2 c  Light beer
      2 tb Butter
      1    Onion;large, chopped
      3    Garlic cloves;crushed
      1 c  Cheddar cheese;old, shredded
    1/4 c  Pumpkin seeds
           -Salt and pepper
 
  Dotted throughout Canada are small inns that care passionately about
  the food they serve. This velvety fall soup offers a warm welcome to
  guests at the Orchid Trail Inn near Wiarton, Ontario.
  
    In large heavy saucepan, bring pumpkin and stock to a boil; reduce
  heat to medium, cover and simmer for 15 minutes or until tender. In a
  blender or food processor, puree in batches.
    In clean saucepan, combine pumpkin puree with beer; bring to boil
  over medium heat, stirring often. Reduce heat and simmer for 5
  minutes.
    Meanwhile, in a small skillet, melt butter over medium low heat,
  cook onion and garlic; stirring, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add
  to pumpkin mixture; stir in cheese and simmer gently, partially
  covered, for 20 minutes.
    Meanwhile in skillet over medium heat, cook pumpkin seeds, shaking
  pan often, for 7 to 10 minutes or until golden brown and toasted.
    Season soup with salt to taste. Garnish with pepper and pumpkin
  seeds.
  
  SERVES: 4-6 Source: ELIZABETH BAIRD posted by Anne MacLellan
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    225 g  Cooked marrow
           -- skinned and cubed
      2 lg Tomatoes
           -- skinned and chopped
      1 lg Carrot; grated
     75 g  Blackberries
           -- washed and hulled
    100 g  Cooked beetroot
           -- skinned and diced small
      1 tb Tahini paste
      5 tb Mayonnaise
      1    Garlic clove; crushed
           Freshly ground black pepper
 
  Serves 2-3
  
  Combine the marrow, tomatoes, carrot, blackberries and beetroot and
  mix thoroughly. Stir the tahini paste into the mayonnaise and add the
  crushed garlic. Season the dressing with freshly ground black pepper
  and fold into the prepared vegetables. Place on top of a bed of
  shredded lettuce and the salad is ready to serve.
  
  Copyright Rosamond Richardson 1996
  
  Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN SOUP
 Categories: Main dish, Soups, Appetizers, Microwave
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Lean ground beef
      1 c  Finely chopped onions
      4 c  Hot water
      1 c  Carrots, thinly sliced
      1 c  Celery, diced
      1 c  Potatoes, diced into
           -1/2-inch cubes
      2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Pepper
      1    Bay leaf, crumbled
           Few leaves dried basil
      6    Whole fresh tomatoes, stems
           -removed & cut into eighths
 
  1. Place ground beef, crumbled, into a deep, 3-quart. heat- resistant,
  non-metallic casserole. Heat. uncovered, in Micro- wave Oven 5
  minutes or until meat is browned. Stir occasionally. 2. Drain excess
  fat. 3. Add onions and heat, uncovered. in Microwave Oven 2 minutes
  or until onions are tender. 4. Add hot water, carrots, celery,
  potatoes and seasoning. Mix thoroughly. 5. Heat, covered, in
  Microwave Oven 10 minutes or until water comes to a boil. 6. Add
  tomatoes to soup and heat, covered. in Microwave Oven 5 minutes or
  until tomatoes are tender.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMN SQUASH
 Categories: Soups/stews, Vegetables, Microwave
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 sm Butternut squash
      2 ea Slices cubed white bread
      2 ea Green apples
      1 ts Salt
      1 md Onion; chopped
    1/4 ts Pepper
      1 pn Rosemary
      2 ea Egg yolks
      1 pn Marjoram
    1/4 c  Heavy cream
      1 qt Chicken stock
 
       Use a small butternut squash, approximately 1 lb unpeeled,
     cut in half and seeded. Green apples should be peeled, cored
     and chopped.
       Combine squash, apples, onions, herbs, chicken stock, bread
     cubes, salt and pepper in heavy sauce pan. Bring to a boil and
     simmer uncovered 30-45 minutes. Scoop out flesh of squash and
     discard the skins. Return pulp to sauce pan. Puree the bisque
     in a blender until smooth. Return to sauce pan. In a small
     bowl, beat egg yolks and cream together. Beat in a small amount
     of the hot bisque, then return to the saucepan. Heat but do not
     boil.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AUTUMNAL JALAPENO JELLY
 Categories: Preserving
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 c  Red bell pepper
    1/2 c  Jalapeno pepper
      5 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 c  Apple cider vinegar

MMMMM----------------THE SEEDS OF 1 JALAPENO PEPP---------------------
      2    Pouch liquid pectin
      6    Canning jars
 
     Remove stems veins and most of the seeds of peppers and chiles.
     Adding the seeds of 1 jalapeno chile will not make the jelly
  
     hotter since the sugar, the vinegar, and the cooking
     process tame (most) all the chiles. The floatin
     seeds in the jar add character.
  
     Using the knife blade of a processor, mince the
     peppers and chiles with quick on and off pulsations.
  
     In a 5 qt. pot, mix the peppers, chiles, seeds sugar
     and vinegar.  Bring to a rolling boil and boil for
     3 minutes.  Remove from the heat and cool for 5
     minutes.  Add the 6 ozs of pectin (certo) and stir
     continuously for 2 minutes.  Allow the mixture to cool
     for another 2 minutes and the stir again for 1 minute.
     This stirring will distribute the bits of pepper
     throughout the jelly.  Pour into jelly jars that
     have been strilized and seal immediatly with lids
     that have been sterilized seperatly for 5 minutes.
     Test seal, after cooling, with finger.  If middle
     pops up when pressed, jar is not sealed.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVACADO & MUSHROOM SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/8 c  Olive oil
    1/4 c  Whole grain mustard
    1/2 c  Sherry wine vinegar
    1/2 c  Basil leaves,chopped
     12 oz Red bell pepper,diced
     12 oz Green bell pepper,diced
      1 lb White mushrooms
      1    Avacado,whole
      6    Butterhead lettuce leaves
     12    Italian bread slices
 
  In a large bowl, mix oil, mustard, vinegar, basil and bell peppers.
  Set aside. Wash mushrooms and slice. Add to the dressing mixture and
  marinate for 10 minutes. Serve each salad portion on a leaf of
  lettuce. Fan sliced avacado on top and serve with two slices of
  grilled Italian bread.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVACADO BUTTERMILK SHERBET
 Categories: Desserts, Irish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2    Avacados
      2 c  Buttermilk
    1/2 c  Sugar
    1/4 c  Honey
    1/4 c  Light corn syrup
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
 
  Puree avacados in blender or food processor.
  
  Combine buttermilk, sugar, honey, corn syrup and lemon juice. Beat
  well and blend with avacados. Refrigerate until mixture is thoroughly
  chilled, then freeze according to ice cream maker manufacturer's
  directions.
  
  Makes 1 quart.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVACADO SOUP WITH GREEN PEPPERCORNS
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 md Onion, diced
      1 tb Ground coriander
      1 tb Olive oil
      4 lg Ripe avacados, peeled,
           -pitted and coaresly chopped
    1/3 c  Green peppercorns in brine,
           -drained
           Salt to taste
           Pepper to taste
      2    Garlic cloves, minced
      1 ts Cumin
  2 1/2 qt Light chicken stock
           Cilantro leaves for garnish
 
  In large saucepan, cook the onion, garlic and spices in the olive oil
  over moderate heat for 10 minutes, stirring often. Add avacados and
  stock, bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium. Cook 20 minutes.
  Cool to room temperature. Puree soup in blender until smooth. Return
  to pan, bring to a boil, add peppercorns, reduce to moderate heat and
  cook 10 minutes. Serve garnished with cilantro and peppercorns.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVERY ISLAND HOT BREAD
 Categories: Breads, Breadmakers
      Yield: 1 Large loaf
 
      1 c  Red peppers, coarsely
           -chopped, sauted in
      3 tb Olive oil or chili oil
      1 tb Chopped garlic
      1 tb Chopped canned chiles
    1/2 c  Sour cream
    1/3 c  Cheddar cheese, fresh grated
      1    Extra-large egg
      1 tb Regular honey or chili honey
    1/4 c  Pepper-flavored vodka (or
           -regular)
      2 ts Salt
     10 dr Tabasco sauce
    1/2 ts Ground coriander
      1 c  Cornmeal
      2 c  Unbleached white flour
      1 tb Yeast
 
  Have all the ingredients at room temperature (even though the machine
  doesn't specify this, for this recipe it is necessary). Place all the
  ingredients in the machine, program for White Bread.
  
  This jump-in-your-mouth loaf stars one of our all-time favorite
  condiments--Tabasco sauce, which is made only one place in this
  country, Avery Island, Louisiana. Accept no substitutes if you want
  the authentic version of this bread. The other special ingredients
  are chili honey, which is available by mail order, and
  pepper-flavored vodka, which is readily available in liquor stores.
  You may substitute regular vodka if you wish.
  
  Typed by Roberta Thompson Source: Bread Machine Baking/Perfect Every
  Time by Lora Brody and Millie Apter
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGA MATIA ME SALTSA DOMATAS   (FRIED EGGS W/
 Categories: Cheese/eggs, Greek
      Yield: 3 Servings
 
  1 1/2 lb Tomatoes
      5 tb Butter
      6 ea Eggs
           Salt & pepper to taste
      1 tb Parsley, chopped
 
     Drop tomatoes into boiling water for 2 min., then carefully peel
  off the skins.  Remove seeds and soft insides and cut into small pcs.
  Place the pcs. in a frying pan with a little salt. Cook over low
  heat, meanwhile mashing into a pulp.  Add butter and while it browns,
  break the eggs into a shallow dish. Lightly salt and pepper them, and
  gently ease into pan.
  
  When cooked to your taste, serve with the sauce in which they were
  cooked, and garnish with parsley.
  
  Serve immediately with fried potatoes.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGA O GRATEN     (EGGS AU GRATIN)
 Categories: Cheese/eggs, Greek
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     10 ea Hard cooked eggs
           Salt & pepper to taste
      1 x  Recipe of Bechamel sauce
      1 c  Kefalotiri cheese, grated
      4 tb Bread crumbs, toasted
      4 tb Butter, melted
 
     Cut ea. egg into 8 pcs.  Lightly salt & pepper them. Prepare the
  bechamel.  Mix together half of the sauce, the eggs, and 3/4 c. of the
  cheese.  Butter a small pan. Spread a thin layer of bechamel over the
  bottom and sprinkle this with a little cheese.  Add the egg mixture
  and spread evenly.  Add remaining sauce and spread this carefully
  ofver the eggs. Sprinkle with remaining cheese and then the bread
  crumbs. Drizzle melted butter over the top.  Bake in preheated 350 F.
  oven for 15 to 20 min., or until golden brown. Let stand 10 min.
  before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGOLEMONO
 Categories: Soups, Greek
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      8 c  Chicken broth
      1 c  Uncooked rice
      4    Eggs, separated
      4 tb Lemon juice
 
  Make chicken broth and heat to boiling; add rice. Simmer covered
  about 20 minutes.  Remove from heat and set aside. In a bowl, beat
  egg whites until stiff; add yolks and beat well. Beat continuously
  adding lemon juice a little at a time.  Then add about 1/5 of the
  broth, beating continuously. Pour this mixture back into the pot of
  broth and rice. Mix well over heat but, to avoid curdling, do not
  allow soup to come to a boil. Serve immediately.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGOLEMONO (GREEK EGG & LEMON SAUCE)
 Categories: Sauces, Cheese/eggs, Fruits, Greek
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 lg Eggs
           Juice Of 1 Lemon (About 1/4
           -cup)
  1 1/2 c  Well Seasoned Chicken Stock
 
  Avgolemono is easy to make and creates quit a stir at a formal dinner
  party.  It is an almost ethereal sauce, light, foamy, and a beautiful
  pale yellow color. It is a great accompaniment to roasted meat or
  chicken, or poached fish, and it is heartily recommended for boiled
  artichokes. Add another cup of chicken stock and serve this as a
  perfect first course soup.
  
  In a large mixing bowl, beat the eggs with a whisk until lemon
  colored and frothy, then beat in the lemon juice until the mixture is
  very foamy. Whisk in the hot stock a little at a time until the sauce
  is light in color and foamy.  Serve immediately.
  
  Yield: About 2 cups
  
  From The Complete Book Of Sauces by Sallie Y. Williams
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGOLEMONO (GREEK EGG & LEMON SOUP)
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Chicken Stock
    1/4 c  Uncooked Rice
      1    Egg Yolk
    1/2    Lemon, Juice Only
 
  Bring the chicken stock to a boil in a stockpot. Add the rice. Reduce
  heat. Simmer until the rice is tender (about 20 minutes). Beat the
  egg yolk and lemon juice together in a separate bowl. Stir in 1/2 cup
  of the stock. Whisk the mixture back into the stockpot. Reheat but do
  not allow to boil. Serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGOLEMONO SAUCE ALA THE DUMPLING COOKBOOK
 Categories: Cookbook, Sauces
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      3    Egg yolks
      1 ts Cornstarch
      1 c  Chicken broth, heated, or
           -water
           , Juice of 1 lemon
           , Pinch of cayenne pepper
           , Salt and pepper to taste
      1 tb Dill, fresh, chopped
 
  1. Combine the egg yolks and cornstarch in the top of a double
  boiler. Beat with a whisk until the mixture is light and frothy.
  
  2. Add the hot broth or water, beating with a whisk all the time.
  Cook over simmering water until the sauce starts to thicken. Never
  let this sauce come anywhere near boiling-it will curdle.
  
  3. Add the lemon juice and cayenne. Correct the seasoning.
  
  4. Garnish with dill and serve.
  
  Typos by Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com> NOTES
  : Serve with Keftedes
  
  Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #1
  
  Recipe by: Maria Polushkin, The Dumpling Cookbook
  
  From: Brenda Adams <adamsfmle@sprintmail.com>
  
  Date: Tue, 03 Dec 1996 19:55:13 -0800
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGOLEMONO SOUP (CHICKEN-LEMON SOUP)
 Categories: Greece, Soups/stews
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 c  Chicken stock
    1/3 c  Rice, white
      2    Eggs
    1/4 c  Lemon juice
    1/2 ts Salt
 
  1. Bring the stock to a boil in a large saucepan.
  
  2. Add the rice, cover and simmer over low heat for 20 minutes.
  
  3. In a large mixing bowl, beat the eggs.
  
  4. Whip the lemon juice into the eggs.
  
  5. Constantly whip the lemon-egg mixture while you add 2 cups of the
  hot stock, without rice.
  
  6. Just before serving, and the egg, lemon and stock mixture to the
  rest of the rice and chicken stock, whisking constantly while heating
  the soup over a medium-low burner. Do not boil the soup or the eggs
  will coagulate.
  
       7.    Add the salt.
  
  8. Let the soup stand covered off the burner for 5 minutes.
  
  Original recipe from "The Ultimate Soup Book"
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGOLEMONO SOUP (EGG & LEMON SOUP)
 Categories: Soups/stews, Greek
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 c  Rich chicken stock
      3    Eggs, well beaten
    1/3 c  Rice (not instant)
    1/3 c  Strained lemon juice
 
  In a large sauce-pan bring to a boil the 6 cups of broth. Add the
  rice and simmer for about 20 minutes until tender. Reduce the heat
  and barely simmer. in a mixing bowl beat the eggs until they are
  light and frothy and stir in the lemon juice.  Slowly add 2 cups of
  the broth to the mixing bowl, beating constantly. Stir the mixture
  gradually into the remaining broth. Reheat the soup before serving,
  but do not let it boil.
  
  Posted by Jerry Tretiak. Courtesy of Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGOLEMONO SOUP (EGG & LEMON SOUP)
 Categories: Soups/stews, Greece
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 c  Rich chicken stock
      3    Eggs, well beaten
    1/3 c  Rice (not instant)
    1/3 c  Strained lemon juice
 
  In a large sauce-pan bring to a boil the 6 cups of broth. Add the
  rice and simmer for about 20 minutes until tender. Reduce the heat
  and barely simmer. in a mixing bowl beat the eggs until they are
  light and frothy and stir in the lemon juice.  Slowly add 2 cups of
  the broth to the mixing bowl, beating constantly. Stir the mixture
  gradually into the remaining broth. Reheat the soup before serving,
  but do not let it boil.
  
  Posted by Jerry Tretiak. Courtesy of Fred Peters.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGOLEMONO SOUP (GREEK CHICKEN-LEMON SOUP)
 Categories: Soups/stews, Poultry, Greece
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 c  Chicken Stock
      1 ea Tb Fresh lemon juice
    1/4 ts Lemon zest
    1/2 c  Brown rice;cooked
      4 lg Egg yolks;slightly beaten
           Black pepper;fresh ground
           Nutmeg;ground
 
  Heat stock in 2 qt. saucepan until steaming.  Stir in lemon juice and
  zest. Add rice (I've used white rice also) and heat. Whisk 1/4 cup of
  stock into egg yolks, then quickly whisk mixture back into stock.
  Heat gently, stirring occasionally, until steaming, 2-3 min. Pour
  into serving bowls and sprinkle with pepper and nutmeg if desired.
  Source: "Natural Weight Loss", Rodale Press MM Format:  Connie Rizzo,
  7/28/95
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVGOLEMONO SOUP (LEMON)
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      2 c  Milk
      2 tb Cornstarch
      6 ea Egg yolks, beaten
      2 qt Basic chicken stock
    1/2 c  Long grain rice
    1/2 ea Stick butter 1/8 lb
      1 ea Chopped parsley to taste
      1 c  Fresh lemon juice
      1 ea Grated lemon peel (optional)
      1 ea Salt and pepper
 
  Stir the milk and cornstarch together and beat in the egg yolks. Set
  aside. Bring the stock to boil in a 4 qt. soup pot and add the rice.
  Cook, covered, until the rice is puffy and tender, about 25 min.
  Remove the soup form heat, add milk and egg mixture, stirring
  carefully. Continue to cook for a moment until all thickens. Remove
  from the heat again and add the butter, chopped parsley, and lemon
  juice.  You may wish to add some grated lemon peel as well.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVIATION
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, New (to be, Gin
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 oz Gin
           Juice Of 1/2 Lemon
      2 ds Maraschino Liqueur
 
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVIYAL
 Categories: Vegetarian, Indian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 c  Vegetarian, mixed
    1/2 c  Coconut (grated)
      2    Green/Red Chillies
      2 ts Kozhambhu powder
      2 c  Yogurt
 
  Boil vegetables for about 5 minutes.  Add yogurt and powder to
  vegetables. Bring to boil.
  
    Rajeev Krishnamoorthy, rajeev@twain.EE.CORNELL.EDU
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & BANANA
 Categories: Baby food
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 tb Dead ripe, almost black
           -avocado
      1 tb Dead ripe, almost black
           -banana
 
  What can I say except mush together with a fork.  Most babies adore
  this combination, but avocados are high in unsaturated fat, so go
  easy on this dish.
  
  Serve 1
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & CRAB ENCHILADAS
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Chopped onion -- finely
           Choppe
    1/4 c  Black olives -- chopped
    1/4 c  Fresh mushrooms -- sliced
      2 tb Butter
      1 lb Crab meat -- fresh or
           Frozen
      1    Avocado -- mashed
  1 1/2 c  Sour cream -- divided
      1 ts Lemon juice
      3 ds Tabasco sauce
     12    Tortillas
           Peanut oil -- hot
      1 c  Cheddar cheese -- grated
 
  Recipe by: From the files of CherAn Saute onion, chopped olives and
  mushrooms in butter.  Remove from heat and stir in crabmeat, avocado
  mixed with 1 cup sour cream, lemon juice and Tabasco sauce. Dip each
  tortilla into hot oil and drain on absorbent paper.
  
  Fill each tortilla with some of the crab mixture, roll and place
  seam-side down in buttered 9 by 11 inch casserole. Cover with
  remaining sour cream and sprinkle with cheese. Bake at 350 for 20
  minutes and serve immediately.
  
  Cooked, chopped shrimp may be substituted for crab.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & CREAM CHEESE DIP
 Categories: Dips, Spreads, Vegetarian
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    1/2 lg Avocado; stoned
    100 g  Cooked spinach; chopped
     50 g  Low-fat curd cheese; mashed
      1    Garlic clove; crushed
      1 ts Lemon juice (or more)
      2    Spring onions
           -- finely chopped
           Salt and pepper
 
  Serves 2-3
  
  The mouthwatering texture of this rich green dip is the perfect base
  for its fresh, slightly garlicky flavour. A popular favourite for all
  times of the year.
  
  Scoop the flesh out of the avocado and blend it thoroughly in the
  food-processor with the spinach. Add the mashed curd cheese and
  liquidize again. Then mix in the garlic and lemon juice to taste, and
  stir in the chopped spring onions. Season to taste with salt and
  paprika. Chill for a while before serving.
  
  Copyright Rosamond Richardson 1996
  
  Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & GRAPEFRUIT SALAD
 Categories: Diabetic, Salads, Fruits, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Sweet ones
 
      1 md Size avocado, peeled
      1 md Pink grapefruit
      1 sm Red onion; thinly sliced
      4 tb Poppy seed Sauce;
 
  Slice avocado into 8 wedges.  Arrange equal amounts of avocado and
  grapefruit on 4 salad dishes and top each with 2 onio slices. Dress
  each salad with 1 tablespoon sauce. Food Exchanges per serving: 1
  FRUIT EXCHANGE + 1 FAT EXCHANGE; CAL: 137, CHO: 0mg; CAR: 3g; PRO:
  17mg; SOD: 109; FAT: 10g;
  
  Source: Light & Easy Diabetes Cuisine by Betty Marks Brought to you
  and yours via Nancy O'Brion and her Meal-Master
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & MOZARELLA CHEESE STUFFED TOMATOES
 Categories: Salads, Vegetables, Cheese/eggs, Garlic
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      2    Avocados; cut in 1/2" cubes
      6 oz Mozarella; cut in 1/2" cubes
      4 lg Tomatoes; vine ripened

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
      5 lg Cloves garlic; chopped
      1 tb Basil; fresh chopped
      2 tb Balsamic vinegar
      1 ts Dijon mustard
      4 tb Extra virgin olive oil
      2 tb White wine
           Red leaf lettuce for garnish
           Garlic chives for garnish
 
  Cut tomatoes in half and scoop out insides. (Can be used in place of
  tomato concasse to make Tomato-Basil Cream Sauce.) Set each half on
  top of lettuce garnished plate. In a blender, add garlic, basil,
  balsamic vinegar, oil and white wine. Blend and adjust according to
  taste. Toss with Avocado and Mozarella cubes until completely coated.
  Stuff tomatoes with mixture and garnish with garlic chives or other
  long thin garnish stuck into tomatoes. Looks terrific and tastes
  unbelievable!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & ORANGE SALAD WITH WALNUTS
 Categories: Salads, Appetizers
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Walnuts, chopped
      1 sm Sweet orange, sectioned
    1/2 md Firm ripe avocado, diced
    1/2 c  Turnip, diced
           Red leaf lettuce, torn,
           -- as needed

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
  1 1/2 tb Walnut oil -=OR=-
           Peanut oil
    1/2 tb Lemon juice -=OR=-
           Lime juice, to taste
    1/2 ts Mint
    1/2 ts Honey
           Black pepper, to taste
 
  Toast walnuts on a hot, dry skillet, stirring frequently, until they
  are fragrant.  About 8 to 10 minutes. Remove from heat & let cool.
  Combine salad ingredients in a serving bowl & toss with the walnuts.
  In a small bowl, stir together the dressing ingredients. Pour over
  the salad & toss to coat. Serve at once.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & PINEAPPLE MILKSHAKE
 Categories: Barry
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 lg Very Ripe avocado pear
      1 pt Semi-skimmed milk
      6 oz Pineapple cubes
    1/2 c  Ice Cubes
        pn Salt
 
  Scoop the avocado out of the skin. Discard the stone and put the
  flesh into a liquidiser or mash it. Add to the milk, ice cubes, ice
  cubes, crushed pineapple chunks and salt, and process until
  thoroughly blended in and the whole mixture is nice and frothy. Pour
  into glasses and serve with a swizzle stick of celery.
  
  Source: Michael Barry, Yes! Magazone
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & POMEGRANATE SALAD
 Categories: Salads, Fruits, Jewish
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Avocados; ripe
      1    Pomegranate
      4 oz Grapes, black
           Lemon juice
           -Water

MMMMM--------------------------DRESSING-------------------------------
      1 ts Sugar
      4 tb White wine vinegar
      2 tb Corn oil
      1 tb Peanut oil
      4 tb Mint, fresh; chopped
           -Salt and pepper
 
  Peel the avocados, remove the pits and slice into thick half rings.
  Drop the rings into a bowl containing water and lemon juice- this
  will prevent them from turning black. Cut the pomegranate in half and
  crush it over a bowl and collect the seeds. Wash the grapes and mix
  them with pomegranate seeds. Drain the avocado pieces and add them to
  the fruit. To make dressing, put all ingredients into a glass jar,
  screw the lid on firmly and shake vigorously for 2 minutes. Pour over
  the avocado and fruit. Toss well before serving.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & POTATO SALAD WITH HORSERADISH
 Categories: Harned 1994, Herb/spice, Salads, Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Salad
 
      2 lb New potatoes; scrubbed
    1/4 c  Olive oil
  1 1/2 tb Red wine vinegar
           Salt
    1/2 c  Sour cream
    1/2 c  Plain yogurt
      2 tb Prepared horseradish
    1/4 c  Fresh dill sprigs
           -- loosely packed
           -- thick stems removed
      3    Celery ribs; strings removed
           -- cut in 1/4" crescents
           -- (1 cup)
      2 md Avocados* or 1 lg. avocado
      1 tb Lime juice; freshly squeezed
           Freshly ground black pepper
 
  *Choose avocados that are firm, with just a slight give. If the
  avocado is soft enough to hold an indentation, it's overripe and
  won't have the rich nutty flavor that you want for this salad.
  
  Bring water to a boil in the bottom of a vegetable steamer. Cut
  potatoes in half; place them in the steamer basket. Cover and steam
  until they are cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove the potatoes
  from the heat and allow them to cool slightly.
  
  While potatoes are cooking, whisk oil and vinegar together in a large
  bowl. Season to taste with salt; set aside. When potatoes are cool
  enough to handle without burning your fingers, cut them in 1" cubes.
  Toss them in the oil and vinegar so they are coated well, and set
  them aside to cool to room temperature, tossing occasionally.
  
  In a small bowl, whisk together the sour cream, yogurt and
  horseradish. Mince the dill and add it to the sour cream mixture,
  stirring well.
  
  When potatoes have cooled to room temperature, add celery and toss to
  combine.  Then add the sour cream mixture; toss again.
  
  Halve, pit and peel the avocados.  Cut them into 1" cubes; place in a
  small bowl with the lime juice. Toss so the cubes are moistened with
  the juice. Then add the avocados, with all of the lime juice, to the
  potatoes; toss gently until they are well distributed and coated with
  the dressing. Add pepper and additional salt to taste, and either
  serve immediately or chill for 30 minutes and then serve.
  
  While Loomis says that this salad does not keep well and shouldn't be
  counted on for leftovers, she says that it's one of the most popular
  potato salads she's ever made.
  
  Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
  
  From _Farm House Cookbook_ by Susan Herrmann Loomis. New York: Workman
  Publishing Company, Inc., 1991.  Pp. 267-268. ISBN 0-89480-772-2.
  Electronic format by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & POTATO SALAD WITH HORSERADISH
 Categories: Harned 1994, Herb/spice, Salads, Side dish, Vegetables
      Yield: 1 Salad
 
      2 lb New potatoes; scrubbed
    1/4 c  Olive oil
  1 1/2 tb Red wine vinegar
           Salt
    1/2 c  Sour cream
    1/2 c  Plain yogurt
      2 tb Prepared horseradish
    1/4 c  Fresh dill sprigs
           -- loosely packed
           -- thick stems removed
      3    Celery ribs; strings removed
           -- cut in 1/4" crescents
           -- (1 cup)
      2 md Avocados* or 1 lg. avocado
      1 tb Lime juice; freshly squeezed
           Freshly ground black pepper
 
  *Choose avocados that are firm, with just a slight give. If the
  avocado is soft enough to hold an indentation, it's overripe and
  won't have the rich nutty flavor that you want for this salad.
  
  Bring water to a boil in the bottom of a vegetable steamer. Cut
  potatoes in half; place them in the steamer basket. Cover and steam
  until they are cooked through, about 20 minutes. Remove the potatoes
  from the heat and allow them to cool slightly.
  
  While potatoes are cooking, whisk oil and vinegar together in a large
  bowl. Season to taste with salt; set aside. When potatoes are cool
  enough to handle without burning your fingers, cut them in 1" cubes.
  Toss them in the oil and vinegar so they are coated well, and set
  them aside to cool to room temperature, tossing occasionally.
  
  In a small bowl, whisk together the sour cream, yogurt and
  horseradish. Mince the dill and add it to the sour cream mixture,
  stirring well.
  
  When potatoes have cooled to room temperature, add celery and toss to
  combine.  Then add the sour cream mixture; toss again.
  
  Halve, pit and peel the avocados.  Cut them into 1" cubes; place in a
  small bowl with the lime juice. Toss so the cubes are moistened with
  the juice. Then add the avocados, with all of the lime juice, to the
  potatoes; toss gently until they are well distributed and coated with
  the dressing. Add pepper and additional salt to taste, and either
  serve immediately or chill for 30 minutes and then serve.
  
  While Loomis says that this salad does not keep well and shouldn't be
  counted on for leftovers, she says that it's one of the most popular
  potato salads she's ever made.
  
  Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
  
  From _Farm House Cookbook_ by Susan Herrmann Loomis. New York: Workman
  Publishing Company, Inc., 1991.  Pp. 267-268. ISBN 0-89480-772-2.
  Electronic format by Cathy Harned. Submitted By CCH@SALATA.COM (CATHY
  HARNED)  On   14 JAN 96 090105 -0800
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & RAISIN DIP
 Categories: Vegetables, Dips, Fruits, Mexican
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 ea Avocados; Peeled & Chopped
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Vegetable Oil
    1/4 c  Lime Juice
      1 ts Sugar
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Freshly Ground Pepper
 
  Place all ingredients in blender container.  Cover and blend on high
  speed until smooth, about 45 seconds. Serve with raw vegetables,
  assorted crackers or fried tortillas. Makes 1 2/3 cups of dip.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & RAISIN DIP
 Categories: Vegetables, Spreads, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Avocados; Peeled & Chopped
    1/2 c  Raisins
    1/2 c  Vegetable Oil
    1/4 c  Lime Juice
      1 ts Sugar
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Freshly Ground Pepper
 
  Place all ingredients in blender container.  Cover and blend on high
  speed until smooth, about 45 seconds. Serve with raw vegetables,
  assorted crackers or fried tortillas.
  
  Makes 1 2/3 cups of dip.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO & SHRIMP SALAD
 Categories: Fish and se, Salads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      3 tb Olive oil
      2 tb White wine vinegar --
           Preferably French
      1 ts Dijon mustard
      1 lb Cooked shrimp -- deveined
           Shelled cubed
      1 c  Mayonnaise
      2 tb Chili sauce
      1 lg Garlic clove -- minced
           Hot pepper sauce
           Salt
           Pepper -- freshly ground
      1 lg Avocado -- ripe
    1/2    Lemon juice
      2 tb Fresh dill -- finely minced
      2 tb Fresh chives -- finely
           Minced
           Dill weed sprigs -- garnish
           Lemon wedges -- garnish
           Avocado slices -- garnish
 
  Whisk together first 3 ingregients until will blended. Add to shrimp,
  toss thoroughly, cover and marinate.
  
  Meanwhile, whisk mayonaise, chili sauce, garlic, hot pepper sauce,
  salt and pepper until smooth.  Set aside.
  
  Peel, pit, and cube avocado.  Sprinkle with lemon juice.
  
  Drain shrimp.  Add cubed avocado, dill and chives and toss lightly.
  Fold in enough mayonnaise mixture to coat lightly. Taste and adjust
  seasonings. Cover and chill until ready to serve.
  
  Divide salad among chilled plates and garnish with dill sprigs, lemon
  wedges and avocado slices.
  
  Recipe By     : Bon Appetit's TOO BUSY TO COOK?
  
  From: Adamsfmle@aol.Com               Date: Fri, 12 Jul 1996 23:38:41
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO APERITIF
 Categories: Beverages, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 md Avocado
      1 lg Cucumber
      1    Lemon; juice of
    1/2 c  Parsley; chopped
      2 c  -Crushed Ice

MMMMM--------------------------GARNISH-------------------------------
           Lemon slices; -OR-
           Cucumber peel
 
  Peel avocado and cucumber; chop in chunks and place in a blender. Add
  parsley, lemon, and blend until smooth. Add the crushed ice and blend
  together again. Strain into glasses. Garnish with lemon slices or
  cucumber peel.
  
  SERVES:4 SOURCE:_The Non-Drinker's Drink Book_ by Gail Schioler
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO BANANA SPREAD
 Categories: Diabetic, Spreads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Mashed ripe banana
           -(mash with fork)
    1/2 c  Mashed ripe avocado
      1 tb Lemon juice
 
  Blend ingredients in a food processor or blender. Heat to a boil in a
  saucepan; turn to low and simmer, stirring occasionally, until mixture
  reaches desired thickness. Yields 1/2 cup. Source: Sweet & Sugarfree
  Shared by: Shirley Goos
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO BREAD
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
    3/4 c  Mashed ripe avocados
      3    Eggs
      1 c  Vegetable oil
      3 ts Vanilla
      3 c  All-purpose flour
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Cinnamon
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Baking powder
    3/4 c  Walnuts; chopped
      1    9- x 5-inch loaf pan
 
  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Grease the loaf pan and set aside.
  
  Mash the avocados and mix with the eggs, oil, and vanilla. Blend
  well. Add the flour, sugar, cinnamon, salt, baking soda, and baking
  powder. Fold in the nuts. Bake for 1-1/2 hours. Cover the top loosely
  with foil after the first 30 minutes.
  
  * Source: Keys Cuisine - by Linda Gassenheimer * Typed for you by
  Karen Mintzias Converted by MMCONV vers. 1.40 ---
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO BUTTER
 Categories: Spreads
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    3/4 c  Mashed avocado
      1 tb Lemon juice
    1/8 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Onion powder
    1/8 ts Garlic powder
 
  Blend all ingredients till smooth.  Keep refrigerated.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO CAKE WITH DATES
 Categories: Cakes
      Yield: 12 Servings
 
           Nonstick cooking spray
           -or butter
  1 1/2 c  Cake flour
  1 1/3 c  Granulated sugar
    1/2 ts Ground cinnamon
    1/2 ts Ground nutmeg
    1/2 ts Ground allspice
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 c  Mashed avocados
           -(about 1 1/2 avocados)
    1/2 c  Thawed frozen nonfat egg
           -substitute (equal to
           -2 eggs)
    1/3 c  Nonfat milk
      1 c  Chopped dates
           Powdered sugar (opt)
           Additional dates, slivered
 
  Spray a nonstick 9-inch-square baking pan with nonstick cooking spray
  or lightly brush with butter.
  
  Sift together cake flour, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, allspice, baking
  soda and salt in large bowl. Blend together avocados, egg substitute
  and nonfat milk in small bowl. Stir into dry ingredients along with
  dates until blended. Spread evenly into prepared pan.
  
  Bake at 325 degrees 30 to 35 minutes or until wood pick inserted in
  center comes out clean. Cool in pan. Sprinkle lightly with powdered
  sugar. Garnish top with a few slivers of dates, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO CHEF SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Chopped red leaf lettuce
      1 c  Chopped watercress
    1/2 c  Thinly sliced mushrooms
    1/2 c  Pitted black olives
      1 c  Croutons
      1    Avocado; flesh cubed
      2    Hard-cooked eggs; sliced
      4 oz Swiss cheese; julienned
     12 oz Cooked meat(s) *
 
  *Note: ham, turkey and/or roast beef, julienned Combine lettuce,
  watercress, mushrooms, olives and croutons in large bowl. Toss
  lightly to mix. Arrange avocado and eggs on top of salad. Top with
  Swiss cheese and meat. Make vinaigrette.  Just before serving, shake
  dressing, pour over salad and toss.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO CHILI PASTA
 Categories: S_living, Pasta, Meats
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------NORMA WRENN NPXR56B-------------------------
      8 oz Creamette rotini; uncooked
      1 lg Avocado; peeled; pitted; and
           Diced
      1 tb Lemon juice
     15 oz Can Hormel Chile No Beans
      1 c  Tomato; seeded; diced (about
           1 medium)
    1/2 c  Green onions; sliced
      1    Clove garlic; crushed
    1/4 c  Fresh cilantro; minced
 
  Cook rotini according to package directions; drain and keep warm.
  
  Combine avocado and lemon juice in a small bowl; toss well, and set
  aside.
  
  Combine chili and next 4 ingredients in a small saucepan; cook over
  medium heat until thoroughly heated, stirring occasionally. Stir in
  avocado; cook 2 minutes. Serve over rotini. Yield 4 to 6 servings.
  
  Source:  Cafe Southern Living Five-Star Dining, Southern Living
  Cooking School.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO CILANTRO SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Low-cal
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      8 md Scallions
    1/2 c  Fresh Cilantro Leaves
      2    Cloves Garlic
      4 oz Pared Avocado
  1 1/2 c  Plain Nonfat Yogurt
    1/2 c  Skim Buttermilk
      2 tb Lime Juice
    1/2 ts Curry Powder
    1/8 ts Ground Red Pepper
 
  In a food processor, combine scallions, cilantro and garlic; process
  until finely chopped.  Add avocado; process until smooth. Add yogurt,
  buttermilk. 1/4 cup water, lime juice, curry powder and red pepper to
  food processor; process until smooth.  Cover and refrigerate at least
  1 hour, until well chilled.  Each 1/2 cup serving contains 115
  calories, 5 gm fat,
      104 mg sodium and 3 mg cholesterol.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO CORN SALSA
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Fresh corn kernels
      1    Diced medium avocado
      1 md Tomato seeded and diced
    1/4    Jalapeno chile minced
    1/2    Minced small onion
      2 ts Lime juice
           Salt to taste
 
  Cook corn and drain. Put in glass bowl and add avocado, tomato,
  jalapeno, onion, lime juice and salt. TIP: Use fresh lime.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO CRABMEAT SALAD
 Categories: Seafood, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 lb Crabmeat
      2 tb Mayonnaise
      3 tb Pickapepper sauce
    1/4 lb Jalapeno cheese -- grated
    1/4 lb Cheddar cheese -- grated
      8    Hearts of palm
      8    Artichoke hearts
      1    Basket cherry tomatoes
      1 lg Ripe avocado -- in 1/8's
      2    Hard boiled eggs --
           Quartered
           Lettuce with:
           Lemon wedges
 
  Combine all ingredients and mix together. Add a little oil from the
  artichokes as you mix.  Chill and serve on lettuce with lemon slices.
  /\/\ichael ================= & Ms. /\/\ | /-\ /\/\ | \/\/eslie
  ================= Reformatted by Elaine Radis
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO CREAM SAUCE
 Categories: Other sauce
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Avocados
      1    Clove garlic -- quartered
      2 tb Fresh chives -- chopped
      1 tb Fresh cilantro -- chopped
    1/2 tb Fresh tarragon -- chopped
           Juice of half a lime
      2 tb Butter
    1/4 c  Light cream
 
  In food processor fitted with chopping blade, puree avocado with
  garlic, lime juice, and herbs. Melt butter in a saucepan over low
  heat. Stir in avocado puree and cook over low heat, stirring
  occasionally, until heated through. Add cream and continue to heat,
  but do not allow to boil. Salt to taste and serve.
  
  Recipe By     : Elizabeth Powell
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO CURRY SOUP
 Categories: Soups/stews
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Avocados, peeled and cubed
  2 1/2 c  Chicken stock
      1 ts Curry powder
           Salt to taste
           White pepper to taste
    1/2 c  Whipping cream
 
  Blend the avocados with 1 cup of the chicken stock in a food processor
  until smooth. Stir in the remaining stock and the remaining
  ingredients. Chill.  Garnish with sliced or cubed avocados when ready
  to serve. Serves 4 Bon appetit, Hope--Sunnyvale, CA
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO DIP
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1 ea RIPE AVOCADO (PEELED AND SEE
      1 ea MEDIUM ONION (FINELY CHOPPED
      1 c  MAYONNAISE
    1/4 ts THYME
    1/4 ts BASIL
    1/4 ts ROSEMARY
    1/4 ts SAGE
    1/4 ts MARJORAM
      8 oz SOUR CREAM
      1 lb CRACKERS OR CHIPS
 
         In a mixing bowl, mash avocado. Add onion,
       mayonnaise, thyme, basil, rosemary, sage,
       marjoram, and sour cream. Mix well. serve with
       crackers or chips.
       Yields 2 cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO DRESSING
 Categories: Sauces, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Avocados, Medium, Ripe
      2 tb Lemon Or Lime Juice
  1 1/2 tb Onion, Chopped Fine
      1    Garlic Clove, Crushed
      4 oz Green Chiles, Diced
      1 ts Salt
      1    Tomato, Peeled, Chopped
 
  Cut avocados in half. Remove seeds and skin. Put avocados, lemon/lime
  juice, onion, garlic, green chiles and salt in blender and blend
  until well mixed. Stir in tomato. Chill in refrigerator until ready
  to serve. This dressing will keep it's color because of the citrus
  juice. Serve as a dressing for cooked or raw vegetables, such as
  cauliflower, carrots, tomatoes, green beans or on any salad. From:
  Syd's Cookbook.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO FILLED WITH CRABMEAT
 Categories: Salads, Seafood
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Avocados
    1/2 lb Crabmeat
      1 ds Hot pepper sauce (opt.)
    1/4 c  Minced celery
           Mayonnaise
           Lemon juice
           MSG (optional)
           Salt, pepper
           Shredded lettuce
      4    Hard cooked eggs; chopped
      4    Anchovy fillets
      4    Strips pimiento
      1    Lemon; cut in 4 wedges
      1    Tomato; cut in 4 wedges
           Black olives
           Parsley sprigs

MMMMM-----------------HERBED MAYONNAISE DRESSING----------------------
      1 c  Mayonnaise
      1 ds Tarragon
      1 ds Chervil
      2 tb Chopped chives
      2 tb Tomato puree (or more)
 
  Combine 1 cup mayonnaise, tarragon, chervil and chives. Add just
  enough tomato puree to give dressing a pourable consistency and
  delicate color. Set aside. To make salad, cut avocados in halves and
  remove seeds. Flake crabmeat and combine with hot pepper sauce,
  celery and enough mayonnaise to moisten. Season to taste with lemon
  juice, MSG, salt and pepper. Place avocado halves on shredded
  lettuce, fill with crab mixture and sprinkle generously with chopped
  eggs. Garnish with anchovies, pimiento strips, lemon and tomato
  wedges, olives and parsley. Serve dressing on side.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO FILLING:
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 2 1/2 cups
 
     45    Avocados, peeled and finely
           -chopped
      1 sm White onion, peeled and,
           -finely chopped
    1/4 c  Cilantro,, finely chopped
      3 sm Serrano chiles or 1 small
           -jalapeno chile,, finely
           -chop
           Juice of 2 limes
           Sea salt, to taste
           Freshly ground black
           -pepper,, to taste
 
  Mash the avocados with a fork and stir in the onions, cilantro,
  chiles, and lime juice. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
  
  Yield: about 2 1/2 cups Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #
  
  Recipe by: TOO HOT TAMALES SHOW #TH6276
  
  From: Meg Antczak <meginny@frontiernet.net>
  
  Date: Thu, 5 Dec 1996 21:21:59 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO GAZPACHO
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1    Cucumber
           - peeled, seeded, chopped
      2    Garlic cloves; quartered
      2    Shallots; quartered
      1    Green bell pepper;
           - seeded, roughly chopped
      1 c  Torn lettuce
      1 tb Chopped fresh dill
      1 ts Chopped fresh dill
      1 tb Red wine vinegar
      1 c  Chicken stock
      1    Avocado
    1/2    Lemon (juice only)
      2 tb Vodka
           Salt
           Ground white pepper
 
  PLACE THE CUCUMBER, garlic, shallots, green pepper, lettuce, 1
  tablespoon dill, vinegar and chicken stock (in that order) in the
  container of a blender or food processor. Blend until smooth. Cut the
  avocado in half lengthwise. Peel and remove the pit. Roughly chop
  half the avocado and add it to the mixture in the blender or
  processor. Blend until smooth. Transfer to a medium bowl. Finely chop
  the remaining avocado and sprinkle with the lemon juice. Stir this
  into the gazpacho; add the vodka, salt and white pepper to taste.
  Stir gently and chill thoroughly before serving. Garnish with
  remaining chopped dill.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO GAZPACHO SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Tex-mex
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
 
        2 lg Cucumbers
        3 c  Chicken broth
        1 ts Tabasco (or more to taste)
      1/4 c  Firmly packed cilantro
         Juice of one medium lime
        2    Ripe avocados
      1/2 ts Salt - or to taste
    6    Or 8 green onions including
         -green tops
         garlic croutons
         cilantro sprigs
  
  Cut one cucumber into chunks and process with 2 cups of the broth,
  cilantro, lime juice, salt and Tabasco. Pit, peel and chop avocados.
  Process with pureed mixture and add the third cup of broth. Process
  briefly to coarsely puree the avocado, leaving some chunks. Chill at
  least 2 hours. Just before serving, dice the green onions, and peel,
  seed and chop the second cucumber.  Pour soup into bowls and garnish
  each with a few croutons and fresh cilantro sprigs. Offer the minced
  onion and diced cucumber on the side to add individually.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO HOT SAUCE
 Categories: Sauces, Mexican, Spices
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    3/4    To 1 cup
      4    Serrano chiles, stems, seeds
           -removed, chopped
      3 ts Liquid hot sauce
      2    Avocados, pitted and peeled
      2 tb Chopped onion
    1/2 ts Chopped garlic
 
  Place all ingredients in blender and puree until smooth.
  
  The Whole Chili Pepper From the collection of Jim Vorheis
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO ICE CREAM
 Categories: Desserts, Fruits, Harned 1994
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
    1/2 c  Orange juice
    1/2 c  Lemon juice
 14 1/2 oz Can evaporated milk
           -- well chilled
      1 c  Mashed ripe avocados
  1 1/2 c  Sugar
 
  Mix juices.  Beat milk in chilled bowl until almost doubled in
  volume. Add all ingredients; blend well. Freeze. From _Our Best
  Recipes_ by Lena E. Sturges, Food Editor. Birmingham, AL: Oxmoor
  House, Inc., 1970. Pg. 132. Library of Congress Catalog Number
  70-140493. Typed for you by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO KASHMIR
 Categories: Indian, Poultry, Vegetables, Vegetarian
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 tb Ghee -- --or -- Butter
    1/2 ts Ground Cumin
    1/2 ts Chili Powder
    1/2 ts Turmeric
    1/2 ts Coriander
      1 sm Onion -- chopped
      1 sm Tart Apples -- peeled &
           Diced
      1 cn Cream Of Celery Soup --
           Or--
      1 cn Cream Of Chicken Soup --
           Or--
      1 cn Cream Of Shrimp Soup
           Salt And Pepper
      2 c  Eggplant -- chopped & cooked
      3    Avocados -- halved
           Juice Of 1 Lemon
      1 c  Rice
  1 1/2 c  Water
           -----Condiments-----
           Raisins
           Whole Peanuts
           Chutney
           Toasted Coconut
           Lime
           Scallions
           Preserved Kumquats --
           (crumbled bacon)
 
  * or 2 cups cooked chicken or shrimp.
  
  Heat ghee in skillet and add spices. Add onion and apple and saute
  until limp. Add soup, salt and pepper to taste and heat over low heat
  until smooth. Add eggplant (or chicken or shrimp). Place rice in 1
  1/2 cups water, cover and steam until tender. Peel avocados and rub
  with lemon juice to avoid discoloration. Place each half on a bed of
  rice on a salad plate and fill with the curry mixture. Place
  condiments in separate dishes and serve at the table.
  
  Serves 6.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO LOAF*
 Categories: Breads
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
           -eileen lamparelli cgdr39a
    3/4 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Butter
  1 1/2 ts Baking soda
      2 c  Sugar
  1 1/2 c  Avocado pulp
      3    Eggs
    3/4 c  Buttermilk
      2 c  Flour
    1/2 c  Dates; chopped
    1/3 c  Cocoa
    1/2 c  Raisins
    3/4 ts Allspice; ground
    1/2 c  Walnuts; chopped
    3/4 ts Cinnamon; ground
 
  Preheat oven to 350.  Cream butter.  Slowly add sugar, beating until
  light Sift dry ingredients together, reserving 1/4 cup. Fold dry
  ingredients into Combine reserved 1/4 cup dry ingredients with dates,
  raisins, and nuts; add Bake 65 minutes. Brush top of loaves with corn
  syrup and press pecans on top. Broil until topping bubbles. Source:
  _Heart of the Palms : Favorite Recipes of the Palm Beaches
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO MOUSSE MELBA
 Categories: Main dish
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -====================
 
  Ingredients: 2 avocados, seeded, peeled and mashed 1 can sweetened
  condensed milk 1/2 cup  lemon juice 2 cups heavy cream Raspberry Sauce
  Blend avocados, milk and lemon juice in blender until smooth. Whip 1
  cup heavy cream; fold avocado mixture into whipped cream. Spoon
  mixture into 4 cup serving dish; refrigerate 3 to 5 hours. Prepare
  Raspberry Sauce. Just before serving, whip remaining 1 cup heavy
  cream. Spoon 1/2 cup whipped cream on each plate.  Spread into 5-inch
  circle with back of spoon. Drizzle a thin line of Raspberry Sauce in
  a circle near the center. Drizzle another thin line of Raspberry
  Sauce in circle 1 inch from outside edge of cream. Using a knife,
  draw through whipped cream and Raspberry Sauce beginning at center
  and going to outside edge. Spoon avocado mousse on side of whipped
  cream; serve with Raspberry Sauce.
  
  Raspberry Sauce: 1 pkg(10 ounces) frozen raspberries 1/2 cup currant
  jelly 1 tblsp water 1 1/2 tsp cornstarch
  
  Thaw raspberries; heat with jelly to boiling.  Combine water and
  cornstarch; stir into raspberry mixture. Heat to boiling; continue to
  boil and stir 1 minute. Cool sauce. Press through sieve to remove
  seeds before serving, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO MUFFINS
 Categories: Muffins, Breads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
    1/4 c  Butter Or Margarine
    1/4 c  Sugar
      1    Egg
      1    Pureed Avocado
      1 c  Toasted Slivered Almonds
      1 c  Milk
      2 c  Self-Rising Flour
 
  Preheat oven to 400øF and prepare muffin pans.  Cream butter and
  sugar. Beat in the egg.  Blend in the avocado, milk and nuts. Lastly
  add the flour and mix gently but thoroughly until the ingredients are
  moistened and combined.  Place in pans and sprinkle each with
  topping. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes. Note: Add a dash of grated lemon
  rind. Almonds may be toasted quickly in the microwave or in a dry
  frying pan, stirring constantly to stop burning.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO OLIVA
 Categories: Appetizers, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
           WALDINE VAN GEFFEN
           VGHC42A-----
      2 lg Avocados -- halve
      2 lg Can baby artichoke hearts
    1/2 c  Oil
      1 tb Vinegar
      1 tb Fresh lemon juice
      2 tb Vermouth
      2 tb Dijon mustard
           Salt and white pepper
      2 tb Parsley -- chopped
 
  Fill cavities with baby artichoke hearts. Combine the remaining
  ingredients, leaving the parsley for decoration. Pour the sauce over
  the arichoke hearts. Sprinkle with parsley and serve. Source:
  LeRuth's, N.O.LA (wrv)
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO PATE WITH PECANS
 Categories: Vegetables, Dips, Snacks
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      4    Avocados; peeled and pitted
           Vegetable oil
     16 oz Cream cheese
      2 tb Shallot;minced
      1 tb Lemon juice; fresh
      2    Garlic cloves; minced
      1 ts Chili powder
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Parsley; chopped
      2 tb Pecans; unsalted and chopped
      4    Butter lettuce or Boston
           -lettuce leaves
    1/2 c  Black olives; pitted
     10    Cherry tomatoes; ripe
           Tortilla chips
 
    Line a 6 cup rectangular glass loaf pan or ceramic dish with 3
  layers of waxed paper, extending over long sides only. Brush top
  sheet of paper generously with oil. Puree avocados and cream cheese
  in processor. Add shallots, lemon juice, garlic, chili powder and
  salt and blend 30 seconds. Transfer mixture to prepared pan; smooth
  top. Press plastic wrap onto surface of pate and refrigerate at least
  6 hours or overnight.
    Remove plastic and unmold onto a platter lined with the lettuce
  leaves. Mix parsley and pecans and sprinkle over the pate. Garnish
  with olives and tomatoes.  Surround with tortilla chips. From Poppa
  Rock's Family Cookbook Also
  
  Formatted for MM by Pegg Seevers
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO PEAR WITH CRAB~ PEAR~ PEACH & PRIMR
 Categories: Appetizers, Flowers, Fruits
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 ea Avocadoes
      8 oz Crab meat; 225
      1 ea Pear; ripe
      1 ea Peach; ripe
      1 tb Primrose petals; freshly
           -picked

MMMMM---------------------CREAMY VINAIGRETTE--------------------------
      2 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Dry mustard
      1 ea Garlic clove; crushed
      3 tb White wine vinegar; or lemon
           -juice
      9 tb Olive oil

MMMMM----------------TO MAKE "CREAMY" TO 6 TB ADD---------------------
      3 tb Heavy cream
 
  CREAMY VINAIGRETTE: Put all ingredients in a screw top jar and shake
  vigourously. Shake well each time before serving. Add 3 Tbsp heavy
  cream to 6 Tbsp vinaigrette to amke it creamy. (Use this portion
  immediately as it will not keep.) Halve the avocadoes and remove the
  stones. Mix the crab meat with the vinaigrette and fill the avocadoes
  with this mixture. Peel and slice the pear and peach and tuck slices
  into the crab meat. Decorate the avocadoes with fresh primroses and
  serve immediately with thin finfers of toast and butter. SERVES:4
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO PIE
 Categories: Pies, Desserts
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      1 ea Ripe avocado, mashed
      1 pk (8 oz) cream cheese
      1 cn (13 oz) sweetened condensed
    1/3 c  Lemon juice
      1 ea Graham cracker crust, baked
      1 c  Crushed pecans
      1 c  Whipping cream, whipped (opt
 
  Blend avocado, cream cheese, milk and lemon juice in blender until
  smooth. Pour into baked 9-inch graham cracker crust. Chill 1 hour
  before serving. Top with crushed pecans and whipped cream, if
  desired. Serves 8
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO PIQUANT
 Categories: Salads, Spice mix
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2 tb Catsup
      2 tb Worcestershire
      2 tb Vinegar
      2 tb Butter
      2 tb Sugar
      2    Avocado
 
  Bring to a boil in saucepan all ingredients except the avocado. Spoon
  into cavity and serve.
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO RELISH
 Categories: Relishes, Condiments
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 md Avocado (about 1/4 pound),
           -pared and finely diced
      2 tb Lime juice (no sugar added)
    1/4 c  Each diced red onion, red
           -bell pepper, and green bell
           -pepper
      2 lg Plum tomatoes, diced
      1 tb Each chopped fresh cilantro
           -or parsley, and seeded mild
           -or hot
           Chili pepper
      2 sm Cloves garlic, chopped
      2 ts Olive or vegetable oil
      1 ds Each salt and pepper
 
  In small bowl, combine avocado and lime juice; set aside. In separate
  bowl combine remaining ingredients, mix well; carefully fold into
  avocado mixture.  Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate until
  flavors blend, at least 30 minutes.  Just before serving, stir well.
  A nice addition to broiled chicken or fish. Makes 4 servings, about
  1/2 c each
  
  ///\oo/\\\ From the hearth in Sandee's Kitchen...
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SALAD JELLED
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 10 Servings
 
      1    Small package lemon gelatin
      1 c  Boiling water
      2    Large avocados, peeled, cube
      8 oz Cream cheese, softened
      8 oz Crushed unsweeted pineapple,
      1 c  Chopped pecans
 
  Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Chill until consistency of
  unbeaten egg white. Combine avocado and cream cheese; beat at medium
  speed of an electric mixer until blended. Stir in pineapple and
  pecans. Combine avocado mixture with gelatin mixture; beat well. Pour
  into a lightly oiled 8" square pan. Cover and chill until firm. 10-12
  servings. Bon appetit, Hope--Sunnyvale, CA
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SALSA
 Categories: Dressings
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1    Avocado
      3 tb Coriander; chopped fresh
    1/2 c  Water
    3/4 ts Tabasco sauce
    1/2 ts Vinegar
      1 ts Soy sauce, low sodium
 
  Preparation Time: 0:10 Peel and pit avocado. Coursely chop and place
  in blender jar. Add remaining ingredients and blend until smooth.
  HELPFUL HINTS: Use as a dip for vegetables or crackers. Or try as a
  topping for various foods, such as rice casserole, stuffed
  vegetables, or chapati roll-ups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SALSA CRUDA
 Categories: Mexican, Sauces
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Finely diced Avocado
  1 1/2 c  Peeled, seeded, finely>>>
           Chopped tomatoes (abt. 2)
    1/2 c  Red onion, diced
    1/4 c  Diced jalapeno, fine
    1/4 c  Diced bell pepper, fine
    1/4 c  Fresh parsley, chopped
    1/8 ts Sugar
           Salt
 
  Chop each vegetable by hand or with food processor. Mix together in a
  nonaluminum bowl.  Add the sugar and salt to taste. Adjust the
  sesonings if necessary.  Let the salsa sit for at least 1 hr.  Stir
  well before serving. Yield:  Approx. 2 cups
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SALSA II
 Categories: Digest, Oct.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 lg Tomatoes
    1/2    Red onion
    1/2 c  Fresh calintro
    1/4 c  Olive oil (?)
      2 tb Fresh lime juice
      1    2 large jalepenos
           Salt to taste
      1 lg Avocado
 
  Combine 1st six ingredients (refrigerate if you want for later) and
  add avocado and salt just before serving.
  
  Posted by "Crosby!" <cani@indirect.com> to the Fatfree Digest [Volume
  11 Issue 21], Oct. 21, 1994. FATFREE Recipe collections copyrighted by
  Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission. Formatted by Sue Smith,
  S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SALSA RECIPE
 Categories: Digest, Oct.
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 ts Grated orange peel
      1 md Orange, peeled & diced
      2 ts Grated lemon peel
      1 tb Lemon juice
      2 tb Minced onion
      2 tb Chopped cilantro
      1 ts Ground cumin seed
    1/2 ts Salt
      1 lg Ripe avacado, diced
      1 ds Cayenne pepper to taste
 
  Combine all except avacado.  Gently stir avacado into salsa and add
  cayenne to taste.  Serve w chips or NAUGHTY (c*****n)!!
  
  Posted by SIDELLE Silverstein <sidelle@alpha.acast.nova.edu> to the
  Fatfree Digest [Volume 11 Issue 21], Oct. 21, 1994. FATFREE Recipe
  collections copyrighted by Michelle Dick 1994. Used with permission.
  Formatted by Sue Smith, S.Smith34, TXFT40A@Prodigy.com using MMCONV.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SAUCE FOR PASTA
 Categories: Pasta, Sauces and
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 oz Butter
      2    To 3 Spring Onions,Green And
           -White Parts, Chop -- * see
           -note
      1 ts Grated Orange Peel
      1 ts Grated Lemon Peel
    1/2 ts Ground Coriander -- ** see
           Note
      6 fl Oz Single (Light) Cream
      3 tb Plain Yoghurt
           Salt And Freshly Ground
           Black Pepper -- to taste
      2    To 3 Avocados
 
  * shallots work just as well, although you need more ** we really like
  coriander, so we put in a couple of teaspoons
  
  Melt butter in a saucepan, add spring onions and stir-fry 1 minute.
  Then add orange and lemon peel and coriander. Remove from the heat
  while you prepare cream and yoghurt. Pour cream into a small bowl and
  add yoghurt, salt and pepper. Mix well until smooth. Peel, stone and
  chop avocados (the size you chop the pieces is personal preference,
  but we usually chop into about 1.5 cm cubes).  Add the avocado to the
  ingredients in the pan, pour yoghurt mixture over and very gently
  heat through. DO NOT BOIL or avocados will become soggy and sauce
  will curdle.  Pour over pasta, toss and serve at once.
  
  Note:  This sauce can be started in advance but the avocados should
  not be added until the last minute.
  
  For the two of us for dinner, we halve all of the ingredients, and
  use one medium to large sized avocado.
  
  Recipe By     : jodis@macadam.mpce.mq.edu.au (Jodi Steel)
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SHRIMP BOATS
 Categories: Shrimp, Salad
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Soft avocados, peeled,
           Halved, seeds removed
      2 c  Shredded lettuce
      2 c  Cooked shrimp, shelled and
           Deveined
      1 c  Alfalfa sprouts
     16    Cherry tomatoes halved
           Parsley for garnish
      1    Lemon cut into wedges
           French dressing
 
  1) On 4 salad plates, place avocado halfon bed of shredded lettuce,
  spoon 1/2 c shrimp into cavity of each.
  
  2)Arrange alfalfa sprouts and tomatoes on plate next to avocado.
  
  3) Garnish shrimp with parsley and lemon wedges. Serve french dressing
  separtely.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SOUP
 Categories: Soups, Appetizers, Vegetables
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Large avocados
      2 c  Chicken broth
           Salt, pepper
      2 c  Whipping cream
      2 tb Cognac
      2 tb Sherry
           Frozen avocado shell cups
 
  Peel avocados and dice pulp. Puree pulp in blender container with
  chicken broth. Season to taste with salt and pepper. Gradually stir
  in whipping cream. Chill. Add cognac and sherry just before serving.
  Note: To make frozen avocado-shell cups for soup, cut a slice from
  stem end of avocado. Scoop out pulp and discard seed. Reserve cap.
  Use pulp for soup or puree with small amount of lemon juice and
  freeze for future use. Place shell upright in cup or egg carton.
  freeze until firm. To serve, embed avocado shell in crushed ice in a
  dessert dish or soup icer. Carefully spoon in soup and lean cap
  against side of avocado. Makes about
        4    cups.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SOUP WITH RADISHES & CILANTRO CREAM
 Categories: Soups/stews
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 tb Avocado oil
      1 tb Walnut Oil or 3 T. Fruity
           Olive Oil
      1 md Yellow Onion, chopped
      4    Cloves Garlic, peeled and
           Minced
      1    Piece of Ginger,1 1/2 inches
           Long, peeled and minced
      3    Serrano or jalapeno chili
           Peppers, stemmed, seeded and
           Minced
      4 c  Chicken stock
      3    Ripe Avocados, preferably
           The Haas variety
      2    Limes
    1/2 c  Sour cream
      2 tb Half-and-half
    1/4 c  Cilantro leaves, very finely
           Minced
      1 ts Ground Coriander
           Salt
      1 bn Radishes, 10-12
           Black pepper
 
   Heat the Avocado oil or two tablespoons of the olive oil in a
  saucepan and add chopped onion. Saute for 5 minutes and add garlic,
  ginger and 2 of the peppers. Saute for another 5 minutes. Add the
  stock, simmer for 10 minutes and remove from heat.
   While the stock and vegetables are simmering, cut the Avocados in
  half and seed and peel them. Chop the Avocados, toss them with the
  juice of 1 lime and place about half the Avocado in a blender
  container. Add hot stock and vegetables until container is about 3/4
  full and process until the mixture is smooth and liquid. Chill the
  soup thoroughly, preferably for several hours.
   To make the cilantro cream, stir the sour cream and half-and-half
  together, add the chopped cilantro, the remaining chili pepper, the
  ground coriander and salt to taste. Chill until you are ready to use
  it.
   Cut the radishes in small julienne and toss with the walnut oil or
  the remaining olive oil, the juice of 1/2 lime and salt to taste.
  Chill until you are ready to use them.
   Taste the chilled soup and add salt and more lime juice to taste.
  Ladle it into chilled soup bowls. Top each serving with a tablespoon
  of cilantro cream and a tablespoon of julienned radishes.
  
  Variation This soup is also delicious when served hot and is an ideal
  opening to a hearty Mexican meal.
  
  From: The Good Cook's Book of Oil & Vinegar by Michele Anna Jordan
  
  Posted By: Charles Walstrom 2/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SOUP WITH RADISHES & CILANTRO CREAM
 Categories: Soups/stews
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      2 tb Avocado oil
      1 tb Walnut Oil or 3 T. Fruity
           Olive Oil
      1 md Yellow Onion, chopped
      4    Cloves Garlic, peeled and
           Minced
      1    Piece of Ginger,1 1/2 inches
           Long, peeled and minced
      3    Serrano or jalapeno chili
           Peppers, stemmed, seeded and
           Minced
      4 c  Chicken stock
      3    Ripe Avocados, preferably
           The Haas variety
      2    Limes
    1/2 c  Sour cream
      2 tb Half-and-half
    1/4 c  Cilantro leaves, very finely
           Minced
      1 ts Ground Coriander
           Salt
      1 bn Radishes, 10-12
           Black pepper
 
   Heat the Avocado oil or two tablespoons of the olive oil in a
  saucepan and add chopped onion. Saute for 5 minutes and add garlic,
  ginger and 2 of the peppers. Saute for another 5 minutes. Add the
  stock, simmer for 10 minutes and remove from heat.
   While the stock and vegetables are simmering, cut the Avocados in
  half and seed and peel them. Chop the Avocados, toss them with the
  juice of 1 lime and place about half the Avocado in a blender
  container. Add hot stock and vegetables until container is about 3/4
  full and process until the mixture is smooth and liquid. Chill the
  soup thoroughly, preferably for several hours.
   To make the cilantro cream, stir the sour cream and half-and-half
  together, add the chopped cilantro, the remaining chili pepper, the
  ground coriander and salt to taste. Chill until you are ready to use
  it.
   Cut the radishes in small julienne and toss with the walnut oil or
  the remaining olive oil, the juice of 1/2 lime and salt to taste.
  Chill until you are ready to use them.
   Taste the chilled soup and add salt and more lime juice to taste.
  Ladle it into chilled soup bowls. Top each serving with a tablespoon
  of cilantro cream and a tablespoon of julienned radishes.
  
  Variation This soup is also delicious when served hot and is an ideal
  opening to a hearty Mexican meal.
  
  From: The Good Cook's Book of Oil & Vinegar by Michele Anna Jordan
  
  Posted By: Charles Walstrom 2/93
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO SOUP WITH SALSA FRESCA
 Categories: New, Text, Import
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 lg Ripe avocados
           Juice of 2 limes
      3 c  Chicken stock
      1 c  Mexican crema,, recipe
           -follows
           Sea salt and freshly ground
           -black pepper,, to taste
 
  Push the avocados through a fine sieve. Place the avocado puree in a
  mixing bowl. Add the lime juice. Gradually add the chicken stock,
  stirring constantly.
  
  When the avocado has been thoroughly blended with the broth, slowly
  add the crema. The mixture should be smooth and creamy. Season with
  salt and pepper.
  
  Chill the soup until cold and serve in chilled bowls. Pass the Salsa
  Fresca to use as garnish.
  
  Yield: 4 servings Posted to MC-Recipe Digest V1 #
  
  Recipe by: TOO HOT TAMALES SHOW #TH6267
  
  From: Meg Antczak <meginny@frontiernet.net>
  
  Date: Fri, 6 Dec 1996 09:05:33 -0500
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO STUFFED TOMATOES
 Categories: Salads, Appetizers, Snacks
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4 ea Fresh tomatoes
      1 ea Ripe avocado
      2 dr Lemon juice
      1 pn Chili powder
      1 sm Handful of alfalfa sprouts
      2 tb Chopped celery or green bell
           -- pepper
      1 ts Chopped parsley
      1 pn Coriander
           Salt
 
  Cut tops off tomatoes & scoop out insides.  Save insides for another
  dish. Mash avocado & mix with the rest of the ingredients. Stuff into
  the tomato shells.  Particularly good as an appetizer to a Mexican
  meal.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO STUFFED WITH SMOKED FISH (WEST AFRICA
 Categories: African, Seafood, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      4    Hard-cooked eggs *
    1/4 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Strained fresh lime juice
    1/4 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Vegetable oil
      2 tb Olive oil
    1/2 lb Smoked whitefish
      2 lg Ripe avocados
     12    Strips of fresh red bell
           -pepper or canned
           -pimiento **
 
  * the yolks rubbed through a sieve and the whites finely chopped.
  
  ** each cut about 1/4 inch wide and 2 inches long.
  
  In a deep bowl, mash the egg yolks and milk together with a spoon or
  table fork until they form a smooth paste. Add 1 tablespoon of the
  lime juice, the sugar and the salt.
  
  Then beat in the vegetable oil, a teaspoon or so at a time; make sure
  each addition is absorbed before adding more. Add the olive oil by
  teaspoonfuls, beating constantly.  Stir the remaining lime juice into
  the sauce and taste for seasoning.
  
  With your fingers or a small knife, remove the skin from the fish and
  pick out any bones.  Drop the fish into a bowl and flake it finely
  with a fork. Add the chopped egg whites and the sauce, and toss
  together gently but thoroughly.
  
  Just before serving, cut the avocados in half.  With the tip of a
  small knife, loosen the seeds and lift them out. Remove any brown
  tissue like fibers clinging to the flesh.
  
  Spoon the fish mixture into the avocado halves, dividing it equally
  among them and mounding it slightly in the center. Arrange 3 strips
  of sweet pepper or pimiento diagonally across the top of each avocado
  and serve at once.
  
  Makes 4 servings.
  
  From "African Cooking", Laurens van der Post and the editors of Time
  Life Books, "Foods of the World" series, 1970. LOC # 77-119620.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; February 24 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO TERRINE
 Categories: Appetizers, Fruits
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
           --Terrine Mix--
      4    Avocado peeled, seeded
           -mashed.
      2 ts Dijon Mustard
      1 ts Worcestershire sauce
           Lemons to Squeeze
    1/2 pt Whipping Cream
      1    Avocado peeled, rubbed with
           -lemon and sliced 1/2 inch
           -thick.
           --Sauce--
      3    Medium or 4 Large ripe
           -plum tomatoes, peeled and
           -seeded
           Squeeze of Lemon Juice
      1 oz Heavy Cream
           Fresh Basil
           --Garnish--
      3    Medium shrimp per serving.
           -peeled, deveined, lightly
           -poached.
      2    Basil Leaves (whole)
 
   As you cut avocados drizzle lemon juice on them so that they will not
  darken. Mash avocados in a bowl and add the mustard and worcestershire
  sauce. In a separate bowl lightly whip the 1/2 pint of whipping
  cream. The cream should be a little loose, soft peak stage is the
  technical term. Fold cream into avocado mixture.
   Place parchment paper in a standard bread pan so that there is enough
  paper to cover the top of the filled terrine. Spray the parchment with
  release spray. Fill the terrine with 1/2 of the mixture, and
  refrigerate for 20 to 30 minutes. Remove terrine from refrigerator,
  slice the extra avocado and drizzle lemon juice on it to keep it from
  darkening, place the slices on the top of the chilled mixture. Pour
  other 1/2 of the avocado melange on top. Drizzle some lemon juice on
  top and fold parchment paper over top. Refrigerate for 35 to 40
  minutes. While the terrine is chilling, peel devein and barely poach
  the shrimp, let the shrimp cool in the poaching liquid if possible.
  Set the shrimp aside for the garnish. Separate nice looking basil
  leaves for garnish.
   Prepare the sauce; roughly cut the tomato into bite size pieces,
  place in a small frying pan or saucepan and stew them slightly. Add a
  little lemon juice and the cream, mix in a few stray leaves of the
  basil cut into strips. The goal is to quickly cook off some of the
  liquid. Let this sauce cool to room temperature or below before
  saucing the dishes.
   To unmold, sit the terrine in some warm water for 1 minute or less,
  and unmold onto a platter. Slice into 3/4 inch thick pieces and place
  the shrimp and basil on the plate with the terrine. Spoon some of the
  basil rich sauce over the top.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO TOMATO & MUSHROOM SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Tomatoes
           -(hot-house or beefsteak) OR
      4    - Plum tomatoes
      2    Avocados; cut in half,
           - seed removed, peeled
    1/3 c  Virgin olive oil
     12 md Shiitake mushroom caps
           -(if using dried mushroom
           -caps, soak to reconstitute)
      1 tb Finely minced garlic
      1 tb Finely minced shallots
    1/4 c  Red wine vinegar
    1/2 ts Salt
           Freshly ground pepper
 
  SLICE THE TOMATO AND PEELED AVOCADO from stem to tip and fan on
  plates. Just before serving, heat the olive oil in a medium skillet
  over medium heat, add the mushrooms and cook, covered, for 5 minutes.
  Add the garlic, shallots, vinegar and salt. Cook, covered, 1 minute
  more. Remove the mushrooms and arrange over the avocado and tomato.
  Give a few turns of the peppermill over each salad as desired.
  Distribute the dressing equally on the salads.
  
  MICHAEL ROBERTS - PRODIGY GUEST CHEFS COOKBOOK
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO TOMATO SALSA
 Categories: Sauces, Kooknet
      Yield: 1 1/2 cups
 
      2 md Avocados; cut into small
           -cubes
      1 lg Tomato; cut into small cubes
    1/3 c  Onions; minced
      1    Lime; juiced
      1 ts Vietnamese Sweet Chile
           -Pepper Sauce
      2 tb Sake
  1 1/2 tb Oil
      1 ts Cilantro; chopped
    1/3 c  Green Onion; finely sliced
      2 ts Ginger; minced
 
  Mix all ingredients together carefully.
  
  Source: San Francisco Chronicle Typed by Katherine Smith Kook-Net: The
  Shadow Zone IV - Stinson Beach, CA
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO TOREY
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2    Avocados
           Romaine lettuce leaves
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts White pepper
    1/2 ts Dried oregano
      1    Cl Garlic; minced
      1    Fresh thyme; (optional)
    2/3 c  Olive oil
      1 tb Red wine
      1 tb Vinegar
 
  Recipe by: "Le Ruth's" Restaurant, New Orleans, LA. Cut the avocados
  in half and discard the pit.  Scoop out the avocado meat with an
  ice-cream dipper, and shape into little balls. Place them on two
  plates lined with lettuce leaves.  In a small bowl, whisk together
  the rest of the ingredients, pour over the avocados, and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO TOREY "LE RUTH'S" RESTAURANT NEW ORLE
 Categories: Appetizers
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      2    Avocados
           Romaine lettuce leaves
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts White pepper
    1/2 ts Dried oregano
      1    Clove garlic - minced
      1    Sprig fresh thyme (optional)
    2/3 c  Olive oil
      1 tb Red wine
      1 tb Vinegar
 
  Cut the avocados in half and discard the pit.  Scoop out the avocado
  meat with an ice-cream dipper, and shape into little balls. Place
  them on two plates lined with lettuce leaves. In a small bowl, whisk
  together the rest of the ingredients, pour over the avocados, and
  serve.
  
  Posted on rec.food.recipes by DI2@delphi.com
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO VEGGIE BURGERS
 Categories: None
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 md Avocado
      1 c  Cooked soybeans
    1/2 sm Onion, chopped
      1 ts Prepared mustard
      1 tb Tomato puree
           Salt, to taste
           Whole wheat bread crumbs
 
  1. Mix all the ingredients except bread crumbs together in a blender
  or food processor, and blend until smooth.
   Put mixture into a bowl and add bread crumbs until the mixture sticks
  together enough to be formed into patties 2. Make two burger shaped
  patties and fry in oil until they're browned. Serve on buns with your
  favorite burger fixings!
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO VELOUTE SOUP
 Categories: Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      6 tb Sweet butter
      1 c  Finely minced scallions
           -green part only
      2    Garlic cloves, mashed
  1 1/2 lg Ripe avocados
      1    Lemon, juice of
      4 tb Flour
      6 c  Hot chicken stock
           Salt
           Freshly ground white pepper
      3    Egg yolks
      1 c  Heavy cream
           Few drops Tabasco

MMMMM--------------------------GARNISH-------------------------------
           Finely minced fresh chives
    1/2 c  Heavy cream, whipped and
           -slightly salted
 
  In a small heavy saucepan melt 2 T butter.  Add the scallions and
  garlic and cook, covered, over low heat for 5 minutes or until the
  scallions are very soft but not browned. Remove them to the top part
  of a blender. Add the coarsely mashed pulp of 1 large avocado.
  Sprinkle with 1/2 of the lemon juice and blend the mixture at high
  spped until it becomes a smooth puree. Set aside. In a large saucepan
  melt the remaining butter. Add the flour and cook the mixture,
  stirring constantly, for 2 minutes without browning. Add the hot
  chicken stock and whisk until the soup becomes slightly thick and
  very smooth.  Season the soup with salt and pepper and let it simmer,
  partially covered, for 30 to 40 minutes. In a mixing bowl combine the
  egg yolks, Tabasco and cream and blend them well. Fold the avocado
  puree into the cream and yolk mixture. Pour the mixture into the soup
  and, stirring constantly, heat the soup through without letting it
  come to a boil. Correct the seasoning and keep the soup warm. Peel
  the remaining 1/2 avocado and cut it into tiny cubes. Sprinkle with
  remaining lemon juice and add them to the soup just before serving.
  Serve the soup garnished with chives and a spoonful of whipped cream.
  NOTE: You may serve the soup cold and vary it by substituting Creme
  Fraiche for the whipped cream and fresh chervil for the chives.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO VICHYSSOISE
 Categories: Mexican, Avocados
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
 
        1 lb potatoes -- peeled and
  :          roughly
  :          cut
        3    poblano chiles
        4    tomatillos -- husks removed
        6    green onions
        1    serrano chile -- seeded
      1/2 bn cilantro -- large stems
  :          removed
        2 TB mint leaves
        2 TB lime jjuice
        1 TB candied ginger -- minced
  :          OR 2 teaspoons grated fresh
  :          ginger
        2    ripe avocados -- peeled,
  :          seeded, and
  :          roughly chopped
        6 c  milk -- up to 8 cups
  :          Salt and pepper
      1/2 c  sour cream
        1 ts chipotle chile -- pureed
  
  1. Steam or boil the potatoes until soft and let cool. Meanwhile,
  roast, peel, and seed the poblanos. Roast the tomatillos and onions
  until lightly charred.
  
  2. Combine the roasted vegetables and potatoes in a food processor or
  blender and puree. Add the serrano chile, cilantro, mint, lime juice,
  ginger, and avocado and puree until smooth, adding milk as necessary
  to facilitate the blending. Transfer to a bowl or storage container
  and thin to the desired texture with milk. Add salt and pepper to
  taste. Chill.
  
  3. Taste the chilled soup for seasoning and correct if necessary. Mix
  the sour cream and chipotle chile together and drizzle over each bowl
  soup as a garnish.
  
  Note: Normally this soup is served cold, but it can be reheated
  gently and served warm.  If you prefer it less spicy, leave out the
  chipotle garnish and simply garnish with a sprig cilantro. Serves 8
  to 10
  
  "The avocado in this soup turns a traditional potato-based soup into
  something the French would never recognize! Because of the richness
  of the avocado, we can use milk instead of cream without compromising
  the texture." Source: Contemporary Southwest, The Terra Cotta
  Cookbook (1995), by Donna Nordin; Adapted for MasterCook by Brenda
  Adams
  
  Recipe By     : Donna Nordin (see below)
  
  From: Adamsfmle@aol.Com               Date: Wed, 2 Oct 1996 18:35:43
  ~0400
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO WITH CRAB
 Categories: Salads, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      4    Ripe avocados
     15 oz Crab meat or
      1 lb Fresh crab meat
      8    Tb mayonnaise
      4    To 6 drops Worcestershire
           -sauce
    1/2 c  Finely minced, peeled
           -celery stalks
           Salt, depending on the
           -saltiness of the crab meat
      1 pn White pepper
      1 pn Cayenne or
      1 dr To 2 drops Tabasco
      1    Head iceberg lettuce
      2    Lemons
 
  1.  Split the avocados in half lengthwise and remove the pits. With a
  melon-ball cutter, gently enlarge the cavity toward the stem end.
  
  2.  With a fork, mash the avocado pulp which was removed.
  
  3.  Mix the pulp with 4 tbs. of the mayonnaise, salt if needed,
  pepper and cayenne or Tabasco.  Gently fold in the crab meat and the
  celery.
  
  4.  Divide the crab mixture among the eight avocado halves.
  
  5.  Mix the Worcestershire sauce with the remaining 4 tbs.
  mayonnaise. With a pastry bag or a cone made from wax paper, pipe
  approximately 1/2 tbs. of the mayonnaise mixture on each filled
  avocado half.
  
  6.  Remove the outside leaves of the iceberg lettuce. Arrange the
  leaves on a serving platter.  Cut the inside part of the lettuce into
  very thin strips and make 8 small nests on the leaves lining the
  serving platter. Place an avocado half on each nest.
  
  7.  Cut each lemon in quarters and garnish the serving platter with
  the slices of lemon.  Serve.  If desired, offer additional mayonnaise
  separately.
  
  CHEF'S SECRET:  When you buy avocados, they should not be soft but, if
  pressed gently, should give about the same resist-ance as an orange.
  Once at home, pack each avocado in a brown paper bag and leave them
  at room temperature overnight.  Of course, chill before serving.
  
  If you use canned crab meat, it is advisable to pick it over.
  Sometimes you may find a small piece of the shell. Definitely taste
  it for saltiness. Certain brands improve with a quick rinsing with
  water.
  
  If you have to rinse it, don't do it under the faucet. Place the meat
  in a sieve and dip the sieve in a small amount of water. Loosen the
  meat with one finger, then remove the sieve from the water and shake
  the meat dry. The flavor will not be destroyed, but the saltiness of
  the canning liquid will be gone.
  
  Enlarging the cavity of the avocados with a melon-ball cutter has two
  purposes; you have the subtle taste of the pulp in the crab mixture,
  and it is easier to arrange the filling without making it messy.
  
  Definitely peel the celery stalks for this dish with a potato peeler
  so that no strings get into the salad. The celery is needed for its
  crunchy texture to counterbalance the softness of the avocado and
  mayonnaise and the fleshy chewiness of the crab meat. If you do not
  care for the taste of celery, you can substitute peeled, seeded,
  finely chopped cucumber.
  
  Makes 8 servings.
  
  From "The Chef's Secret Cookbook", Louis Szathmary, Quadrangle Books,
  Chicago.  1972.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; March 14 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO WITH GROUNDNUT DRESSING
 Categories: African, Ghana, Vegetables, Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
 
        2    avocados -- ripe
        1 TB lemon juice
        2 TB peanuts -- shelled
      1/2 ts paprika
      1/2 ts cinnamon
  :          cayenne -- to taste
  :          salt -- to taste
  :          fresh chives -- to garnish
  
  Peel the avocados; cut out the stone and cut into cubes. Sprinkle with
  lemon juice and set aside. Grind the peanuts roughly with a rolling
  pin or in a grinder for a few seconds. Mix the peanuts and spices
  well. Sprinkle over the avocados with finely chopped chives.
  
  Refrigerate until ready to serve.
  
  Recipe By     : Caribbean and African Cookery, by Rosamund Grant
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO WITH MUSHROOM FILLING (VEGAN)
 Categories: Appetizers, Spreads
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
    175 g  Button mushrooms
           -- minced in the blender
      3 tb Pesto sauce
      1 lg Ripe avocado
           -- cut in half and stoned
           Lettuce leaves to garnish
 
  Mincing fresh raw mushrooms in the blender takes a few seconds only,
  and gives a better texture for this dish than chopping them by hand.
  Mixed with pesto sauce and heaped into the cavity of a ripe avocado,
  this makes a delectable starter.
  
  Steam the minced mushrooms for 3 minutes. Cool, and drain off the
  juices. Mix the mushrooms with the pesto and place inside the hollow
  of the avocado halves. Place on a bed of lightly dressed lettuce
  leaves to serve (see Dressings).
  
  Copyright Rosamond Richardson 1996
  
  Meal-Master format courtesy of Karen Mintzias
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO WITH SHRIMP REMOULADE
 Categories: Fish
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
           Stephen Ceideburg
    1/4 c  Tarragon vinegar
      2 tb Horseradish mustard
      1 tb Catsup
  1 1/2 ts Paprika
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Cayenne pepper
    1/2 c  Salad oil
    1/4 c  Minced celery
    1/4 c  Minced green onions
      2 lb Shrimp, cooked and peeled
      4 md Avocados
 
  In small bowl, combine vinegar, mustard, catsup, paprika, salt and
  pepper. Slowly add oil, beating constantly with electric mixer. Stir
  in celery and onions. Pour sauce over shrimp. Marinate 4 to 5 hours
  in refrigerator. Halve and peel avocados. Lift shrimp out of sauce
  and arrange on each avocado half. Pass sauce. Good served with
  chilled asparagus, carrot strips, sliced beets and hard-cooked eggs.
  This is a good luncheon dish and also can be served with toothpicks
  as an appetizer. Mrs. Neel Garland.
  
  From "River Road Recipes, II", published by The Junior League of Baton
  Rouge, Inc., 1980.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideburg
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO WITH SMOKED FISH
 Categories: Seafood
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Smoked fish
      4    Eggs -- hard Boiled
    1/4 c  Milk
    1/4 c  Lime juice
    1/4 ts Sugar
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/3 c  Vegetable oil
      2 tb Olive oil
      2 lg Avocados -- ripe
      1 lg Red bell pepper -- or 12
           Pimientos -can
 
  Remove the skin and bones from fish and flake the flesh with a fork.
  
  In a deep bowl, mash the egg yolks with the milk until they form a
  smooth paste.  Add sugar, salt, and 1 tablespoon of the lime juice.
  Then beat in the vegetable oil, a teaspoon or so at a time. Add the
  olive oil in the same gradual manner.  chop egg whites finely and add
  them to the bowl, along with the fish. Combine thoroughly but gently.
  
  Just before serving, cut the avocados in half, remove pits, and fill
  cavities with the fish mixture. Garnish with pepper or pimento, and
  pass around the remaining lime juice to sprinkle on individual
  servings.
  
  Recipe By     : African News Cookbook-African Cooking for Western
  Kitchens
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO-AND-ORANGE SALAD WITH CITRUS VINAIGRE
 Categories: Vegetarian, Salads, Inet
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      6 tb Orange juice, fresh
           Pinch cayenne pepper
      6 tb Olive oil, extra virgin
           Salt and pepper to taste
      2 c  Lettuce, Romaine; julienned
      2    Avocados; peeled, cut into
           --1-inch cubes
      2    Oranges, navel; peeled and
           --sectioned
      1 md Onion, red; thinly sliced
 
   Make vinaigrette in a  small bowl by combining orange juice and
  cayenne pepper. Gradually whisk in olive oil in a thin steady stream.
  Season to taste with salt and pepper.
  
   Toss Romaine with 2/3 of vinaigrette. Divide evenly among 4 salad
  plates. Arrange cubed avocado, oranges, and onion decoratively on top
  and drizzle with remaining vinaigrette. Serves 4.
  
   Per serving: 393 cal, 3.45 g pro, 35.8 g fat, 19.8 carb, 0 mg chol,
  148 mg sodium
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO-AND-SCALLOP CEVICHE
 Categories: Appetizers, Seafood
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
    1/2 c  Fresh lime juice
      3 tb Peanut oil or vegetable oil
     24    Green peppercorns; crushed
           Salt
           Freshly ground black pepper
    3/4 lb Sea or bay scallops
           - finely chopped
      1 lg Ripe avocado; peeled
      2 tb Fresh chives, chopped
           -or scallions, chopped
     40 sm White mushrooms
    1/4 c  Vegetable oil
      2 tb Fresh lemon juice
      1 md Garlic clove
           - peeled and crushed
           Salt and pepper to taste
           Additional chives, optional
           - (or scallions),
           - for  garnish
 
  COMBINE THE LIME JUICE, oil, peppercorns, salt and pepper together in
  a glass or ceramic bowl. Stir in the scallops, cover and refrigerate
  for at least 4 hours while they marinate. They should become opaque
  in this time. Mash the avocado until almost smooth, then add it along
  with the chives or scallions to the marinating scallops (do not drain
  them) and mix well. Set aside for at least 1/2 hour, refrigerated.
  About half an hour before serving the scallops, remove the stems from
  the mushrooms and wipe them to remove any dirt. Combine the vegetable
  oil, lemon juice, garlic, salt and pepper in a small bowl, and brush
  the insides of the mushrooms liberally with the mixture. Just before
  serving, drain the caps and fill with the scallop mixture. Garnish
  with additional chives, if desired.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO-CHICKEN DIP
 Categories: Dips
      Yield: 2 Servings
 
      1 c  Finely chopped cooked --
           Chicken OR
  6 3/4 oz Can chunk-style chicken --
           Drained and finely c
      1 md Ripe avocado; seeded --
           Peeled
           Chopped
      1 sm Tomato -- seeded and
           Chopped
    1/4 c  Onion -- chopped
      2 tb Pickled jalapeno peppers --
           Rinsed, chopped, see
      1    Clove garlic -- minced
    1/2 c  Dairy sour cream
    1/4 c  Milk
      2 tb Mayonnaise or salad
           Dressing
      2 ts Lemon juice
    1/4 ts Dried oregano -- crushed
    1/8 ts Salt
           Avocado slices (optional)
           Oven-Crisp Tortilla Chips --
           Or tortilla chips
 
  In a mixing bowl stir together the finely chopped cooked chicken or
  drained and finely chopped canned chicken, chopped avocado, seeded
  and chopped tomato, chopped onion, seeded and chopped pickled
  jalapeno peppers, and minced garlic.
  
  Stir in the sour cream, milk, mayonnaise or salad dressing, lemon
  juice, dried oregano, and salt.  Stir till ingredients are thoroughly
  combined. Cover and chill till serving time.
  
  If desired, garnish the dip with avocado slices. Serve with Oven-Crisp
  Tortilla Chips or other tortilla chips. Makes about 2 3/4 cups dip.
  
  Oven-Crisp Tortilla Chips:  Here's an easy way to make your own
  tortilla chips without frying them.  Cut flour tortillas into wedges
  with kitchen shears or a knife. Place the wedges on an ungreased
  baking sheet and toast in a 350F oven for 10 to 12 minutes or till
  dry and crisp. You'll find they're sturdy for dipping, there's no
  messy cleanup, and the chips are lower in calories than those you buy
  in the store.
  
  from Better Homes and Gardens "Super Snacks" "Super-Cool Nibbles"
  posted by Tiffany Hall-Graham
  
  Recipe By     :
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO-PAPAYA SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM---------------------------SALAD--------------------------------
      3    Avocados
      3    Papayas
      3 tb Lemon juice
      1    Head lettuce
    1/2 c  Honey mustard dressing;
           - recipe follows
    1/2 c  Toasted sliced almonds

MMMMM-------------------HONEY MUSTARD DRESSING------------------------
    2/3 c  Vegetable oil
    1/3 c  Cider vinegar
      1 ts Salt
    1/4 ts Pepper
    1/4 c  Honey
      2 tb Dijon-style mustard
 
  Salad:  Peel and slice the papayas and avocados. Dip or sprinkle with
  lemon juice. Arrange on lettuce-lined salad plates. Drizzle dressing
  over and sprinkle with nuts.
  
  Honey Mustard Dressing: Blend vegetable oil, cider vinegar, salt,
  pepper, honey and mustard. Keep in a closed jar.
  
  Nutrition information per serving: 366 calories, 30 gram fat, 6 mg
  cholesterol, 100 mg sodium.
  
  Chicago Tribune 12/16/93.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO-SHRIMP ASPIC
 Categories: Salads, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 tb Gelatin
      2 tb Cold water
      1 c  Boiling water
      1 c  Sieved avocado
  1 1/2 tb Lemon juice
    3/4 ts Salt
      1    Or 2 teaspoon
           -Worcestershire sauce
        ds Tabasco
      1    Pimiento, minced
  1 1/2 c  Shrimp, cooked and shelled
 
  Soften gelatin in cold water, add boiling water and stir to dissolve.
  Add avocado, seasonings and pimiento. Chill until mixture begins to
  thicken, then add shrimps. Turn into cold wet mold, chill until firm,
  and unmold on lettuce.
  
  From "Watkins Salad Book" by Elaine Allen, The J.R. Watkins Company,
  1946.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; May 6 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO-TOFU-EGG DIP
 Categories: Dips, Cheese/eggs
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     10    Min to prepare
           Yield 1 1/2 c
      3 tb Cider vinegar
      3 tb Cold water
      1    Cake (1/4 lb) tofu
      1 md (4" long) ripe avocado
      2    Hard cooked eggs
    1/2 ts Dijon mustard
    1/2 ts Prepared horseradish
    1/2 c  Very finely minced red onion
 
  From "The Enchanted Broccoli Forest" By Molle Katzen.
  
  salt to taste pepper to taste
  
  Place vinegar, water, tofu and avocado in the jar of a blender - or a
  food processor fitted with the steel blade attachment. Puree until
  smooth. Transfer to a bowl.
  
  Coarsely grate or finely chop the hard-cooked eggs. Stir these, plus
  all remaining ingredients into the puree. Cover tightly and chill.
  
  Posted by Theresa Merkling.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADOS WITH ROQUEFORT
 Categories: Appetizers, Cheese, Fruits/nuts, Beverages
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
  2 1/2 oz Roquefort cheese
      1 tb Minced fresh parsley
      3 tb Olive oil
      3 tb Fresh lemon juice
           Salt
           Freshly ground white pepper
      2    Avocados
           Boston lettuce leaves
           Sliced ripe olives
 
  1. Mash cheese with parsely into coarse paste in medium bowl with
  fork. Whisk olive oil and 2 tablespoons of the lemon juice in small
  bowl; stir into cheese mixture.  Season to taste with salt and
  pepper. 2. Cut avocados lengthwise in half; remove pits. Scoop two
  thirds of the flesh out of each avocado half, leaving a thin shell,
  and add to cheese mixture; mix well. Taste and adjust seasoning.
  Sprinkle insides of avocado shells with remaining lemon juice; place
  on serving plate lined with lettuce leaves. Spoon cheese mixture into
  avocado shells, dividing evenly. Garnish with olives.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOCADO~ TOMATO & MUSHROOM SALAD
 Categories: Salads
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Tomatoes
           -(hot-house or beefsteak) OR
      4    - Plum tomatoes
      2    Avocados; cut in half,
           - seed removed, peeled
    1/3 c  Virgin olive oil
     12 md Shiitake mushroom caps
           -(if using dried mushroom
           -caps, soak to reconstitute)
      1 tb Finely minced garlic
      1 tb Finely minced shallots
    1/4 c  Red wine vinegar
    1/2 ts Salt
           Freshly ground pepper
 
  SLICE THE TOMATO AND PEELED AVOCADO from stem to tip and fan on
  plates. Just before serving, heat the olive oil in a medium skillet
  over medium heat, add the mushrooms and cook, covered, for 5 minutes.
  Add the garlic, shallots, vinegar and salt. Cook, covered, 1 minute
  more. Remove the mushrooms and arrange over the avocado and tomato.
  Give a few turns of the peppermill over each salad as desired.
  Distribute the dressing equally on the salads.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOIDING IMPUT ERRORS - BASIC 4B
 Categories: Manual, Mm, Lesson, Basics
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
           -ELAINE RADIS BGMB90B
 
  Some errors that stop imports are very difficult to see and others are
  really quite easy.  When you try to import IMPORT.ER1* or you import
  manually you got some error messages; the most common and frightening
  is "@ing at or before line #.." And you LOOK and just don't see
  ANYTHING. Well there IS something there that is not correct...and
  here is a list and examples of the most common errors.
  
   1. The difference between l (the LETTER) and 1 (the NUMBER) is
  slight but MM accepts only NUMBERS in the quantity column.
  
   2. A backwards slant 1\2 is INCORRECT...1/2 is fine.
  
   3. A range of numbers is a NO NO...4-6 eggs won't do; pick 5...
  
   4. The two digits in the UNIT OF MEASUREMENT column should include
  ONLY LETTERS.  When in that column, hit F1 for a complete list of the
  only acceptable abbreviations.
  
   5. Be sure that all the units of measure start on the ninth column.
  (9 spaces from the left)
  
   6. The ingredient column can be only 39 columns long.
  
  Once you get used to these common errors your eye will pick it up
  quickly. I hope this helps...
  
  *NOTE:   "IMPORT.ER1 is the file that MM creates (when you choose that
  option) to copy your flawed recipes.
   The  ones that download with errors. Sometimes it is difficult to
  SEE what is wrong with them. This 'recipe' helps you pick up the
  common errors.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AVOVADO RELISH FROM THE MESA GRILL
 Categories: Condiments, Mexican, Relishes
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1    Ripe Avocado, peeled,
           - pitted and diced
      1 tb Red Onion, diced
      1 tb Jalapeno, seeded & minced
      1 tb Lime Juice, fresh
      1 tb Chilantro, chopped
           Salt and Pepper to taste
 
  In a non-corrosive bowl, combine ingredients.  Cover and refrigerate.
  Return to room temperature before serving.
  
  ~From the Mesa Grill (102 5th Ave., NY), chef Bobby Flay Chicago
  Tribune Magazine, March 21, 1993 Posted by Bud Cloyd
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AWABI SAKAMI (SWEET COOKED ABALONE)
 Categories: Appetizers, Seafood
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
     15 oz Abalone (canned)
    1/4 pt Water
  2 1/2 tb Sake
      1 oz Sugar
  2 1/2 ts Soya Sauce
 
  Empty the can of Abalone into a small saucepan and add water. Bring to
  boil, reduce heat and simmer uncovered for 10 minutes. Add Sake and
  Sugar and cook for another 5 minutes, stir in Soya sauce and
  continnue to cook for 2-3 more minutes.  Cool to room temperature,
  cut the abalone into 1/2" thick slices and serve.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AWARD WINNER BROWNIES
 Categories: Brownies, Chocolate
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      2    Eggs
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine; melted
    3/4 c  Chocolate; ground
    2/3 c  Unsifted flour
    1/4 ts Baking powder
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/2 c  Walnuts; chopped
 
  Heat oven to 350~. Using a spoon, stir eggs with sugar and vanilla;
  add butter. Sift Ground Chocolate with flour, baking powder and salt.
  Stir into egg mixture; add nuts. Spread into greased 8 or 9" square
  pan. Bake at 350~ for 20-30 minutes. For extra chewy brownies, use 8"
  pan and less baking time. For cake like brownies use 9" pan and
  longer baking. Cut into squares.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AWARD WINNING GHIRADELLI BROWNIES
 Categories: Chocolate, Cakes, Desserts, Cookies
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
      2    Eggs
    2/3 c  Unsifted flour
    3/4 c  Sugar
      1 ts Vanilla
    1/4 ts Baking powder
    1/2 c  Butter or margarine; melted
    1/4 ts Salt
    3/4 c  Ghiradelli ground chocolate
    1/2 c  Walnuts, chopped
 
  Heat oven to 350F degrees.  Using a spoon,  stirr eggs with sugar and
  vanilla; add butter.  Sift ground chocolate with flour, baking powder,
  salt.  Stir into egg mixture; add nuts. Spread into greased 8- or
  9-inch square pan. Bake at 350F for 20 to 30 minutes. For extra chewy
  brownies, use 8-inch pan and less baking time. For cake- like
  brownies, use 9-inch pan and longer baking. Cut into squares.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AWARD-WINNING 15 MINUTE SPAGHETTI SAUCE:
 Categories: Sauces, Pasta
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
    1/2    Diced green pepper
    1/2    Diced onion
      2    Chopped tomatoes
    1/2 c  Red or white wine
    1/2 c  Cream or milk
           Your favorite spices
           -basil, oregano, etc.
           Salt & pepper
 
  Heat olive oil in large skillet till water sizzles. Add 1/2 diced
  green pepper, 1/2 diced onion, 1 to 2 crushed & diced cloves garlic,
  and a couple chopped large tomatoes (peeled if you prefer). You can
  also add other veggies if you wish.  After they saute for about 5
  minutes, add one cup tomato sauce, 1/2 cup red or white wine (or
  stock, or water from the cooking pasta), and 1/2 cup cream (or milk).
  Flavor with a sprinkle of oregano, basil, salt and pepper. Turn down
  heat and simmer about 5 minutes. Serve over pasta. This sauce is
  quite different from the normal cook-all-day sauces; it is more fresh
  and vibrant, but not as complex. It will accomodate almost any
  vegetable you choose to add. Try eggplant or broccoli or asparagus,
  just to name a few.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AWARD-WINNING NEW YORK BOWL OF RED
 Categories: Chili, Beef, Pork
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
MMMMM--------------------CHUCK OZBURN HBWK07A-------------------------
  1 1/2 ts Cumin seed
      5 lb Trimmed beef brisket; cut in
           -3/4 inch cubes
           Salt and freshly ground pepp
      6    Garlic cloves; minced
      4 md Jalapenos; finely chopped
      2 md Onions; finely chopped
    1/2 c  Commercial chili powder (see
      3 tb Pure red mild chile powder,
           -as dark new mexico *
  1 1/2 ts Ground coriander
      4 c  Beef stock or canned broth o
      1    35oz can italian peeled toma
           -coarsely chopped with their
  1 1/2 ts Oregano crumbled
    1/2 lb Coarsely ground beef chuck
      2    Scallions - white and tender
           -portions thinly sliced
 
  Recipe by: HBWK07A    Chuck Ozburn In a small dry skillet, toast the
  cumin seeds over moderate heat, stirring constantly, until fragrant,
  about 2 minutes; grind in a spice mill or a mortar; heat a large
  enameled cast-iron casserole;  season the brisket with salt and
  pepper; working in batches, add the meat to the casserole and cook
  over moderately high heat until well browned  all  over, about 8
  minutes; transfer each batch to a large plate; add  the garlic,
  jalapenos and onions to the casserole and cook over moderate heat,
  stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes; add the
  commercial chili powder, pure red chile powder, coriander and half of
  the ground cumin; cook, stirring, for 2 minutes; return the cooked
  brisket to the casserole; add the beef stock, tomatoes and the
  oregano; bring to a boil over moderately high heat, then lower the
  heat and simmer gently, stirring occasionally, for  3 hours; stir in
  the ground chuck, season with salt and cook until the brisket is very
  tender and the sauce has thickened, about 1 hour longer; stir in the
  remaining cumin and simmer for 15 minutes; garnish with the scallions
  and serve. 6 to 8 servings. Jonathan Levine Director of the New York
  State Chili Cook-Off and a member of the International Chili Society
  Advisory Board. Note: Rather than commercial chili  powder, Jonathan
  recommends using Reno Red Chili Mix, available by mail order from
  Stewart's Chili Company, P.O. Box 574, San Carlos, CA 94070. *
  Available at specialty food stores and Latin American markets. Chuck
  in Pok 03:06 pm Wednesday 05/11 C.OZBURN on GEnie
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AWESOME BLOSSOM -- WITH DIP
 Categories: Appetizers, Dips, Favorites
      Yield: 1 Serving
 
      1    Sweet onion; texas, vidalia
      1    Walla walla or maui
      1    Water
      1    Egg; beaten
      2 tb Flour
      1 c  Cracker crumbs
      1    Or coating mix
      1    Oil; for deep frying

MMMMM----------------------------DIP---------------------------------
    1/2 c  Mayonnaise
    1/2 c  Sour cream
    1/2 c  Thousand island dressing
      2 tb Horseradish; grated
 
  Select a well-rounded onion.  Peel outer skin off. Leave root intact;
  cut off any hanging roots.  Using small, sharp fnife, divide onion
  into four sections by making 2 cuts crosswise, beginning at the top
  and cutting toward root, stopping about 1/2 inch away. Cut each
  section twice. Place onion in bowl of enough boiling water to cover
  it and leave for 5 minutes. The sections, or "petals" will begin to
  open. Remove onion from hot water and immerse into ice water, to help
  the opening. Drain well by turning opside down on paper towel. Put
  flour into paper bag, add onion and shake gently to coat with flour.
  Roll floured onion in beaten egg to cover. Put cracker crumbs or
  coating mix in paper bag, add onion and shake gently to coat.
  Refrigerate for 1 hour before deep frying in oil to golden brown, 3
  to 5 minutes. Cooked onion may be kept for a time in warm oven. The
  "Outback Steakhouse" serves this with a delicious hot-hot sauce to
  dunk' in. They also add hot spices to the flour and/or coating mix.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AWESOME CHEESECAKE
 Categories: Cheesecakes, L.b.
      Yield: 16 Servings
 
     16 oz Cream cheese
      1 pt (500 ml) sour cream
      5    Eggs
      1 c  Sugar
      3 tb Lemon juice
      1 ts Vanilla (or almond)
 
  Cream the cream cheese, then add the ingredients in the order given-
  one at a time. Pour into a spring form pan on top of a graham wafer
  crust. Bake at 325 degree oven for one hour, then turn off the oven,
  do not open the door for one hour.  If you have a self-cleaning oven,
  you will need to open the door just a little, and prop it open for
  the hour (I find a folded grocery bag is the right size).  Remove
  from oven, and put the cake into the fridge (after it cools) for
  about 8 hours.
  
  Top with fruit- cherry pie filling, fresh or frozen strawberries,
  etc., then with a dollop of whipped cream.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AYALLA'S BANANA BREAD
 Categories: Quick bread
      Yield: 1 Loaf
 
      3    Bananas, very ripe
      1 c  Sugar
    1/2 c  Shortening (butter)
      2    Eggs
      3 tb Yoghurt or sour cream
      2 c  Flour
      1 ts Baking soda
      1 c  Walnuts, chopped
           Rum, vanilla, or amaretto
           -(optional)
 
  Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.  Cream the shortening and sugar.
  Mix in the bananas.  Mix in the remaining ingredients. Pour into a
  greased loaf pan. Bake 1 hour 15-20 minutes at 350 degrees F.
  
  NOTES:
  
  *  This recipe is from my friend Ayalla -- It makes a heavy, but
  moist, loaf of banana bread.
  
  *  If you use more than 3 normal-size bananas, I suggest that you
  lower the oven temperature and cook for a while longer. Otherwise,
  the crust comes out almost overcooked while the middle remains moist
  and almost undercooked.
  
  : Difficulty:  easy.
  : Time:  Preparation:  10 minutes; baking:  at least 95 minutes.
  Allow some time for cooling.
  : Precision:  Approximate measurement OK.
  
  : Aviva Garrett
  : Santa Cruz, California, USA
  : (Excelan, Inc., San Jose)
  : ucbvax!mtxinu!excelan!aviva
  
  : Copyright (C) 1986 USENET Community Trust
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AYAM GERENG (INDONESIAN FRIED CHICKEN)
 Categories: Indonesian, Chicken, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 md Chicken

MMMMM--------------------------MARINADE-------------------------------
    1/2 c  Tamarind water
      1 tb Clear soya sauce
           A pinch of chilli powder
      1 ts Ground ginger
      1 ts Ground coriander
      1    Clove garlic, crushed
           A pinch of turmeric
 
  The name means simply 'fried chicken', and that is all it is. The
  marinade, however, gives it a characteristically Indonesian flavour.
  Marinate the pieces of chicken in this mixture for 2 hours, turning
  them from time to time. Strain the chicken, so that the marinade
  drips away from it. Then deep-fry the portions, 4 or 5 at a time.
  Chicken fried in this way is excellent with Nasi Goreng.  [Nasi
  Goreng is fried rice. S.C.] Makes 4 servings. From "Indonesian Food
  and Cookery", Sri Owen, Prospect Books, London, 1986." ISBN
  0-907325-29-7. Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; March 1 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AYAM GORENG JAWA - FRIED CHICKEN JAVANESE STY
 Categories: Indonesian, Chicken
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
  3 1/2 lb Chicken, in pieces
      5    Shallots, peeled and finely
           -sliced
      4    Garlic Cloves, peeled and
           -finely sliced
      2 ts Ground Coriander
    1/2 ts Ground Cumin
      1 pn Of Sereh powder *
      1 pn Of Laos powder *
      1 pn Of grated Nutmeg
      1 sm Cinnamon stick
      1    Bay Leaf
      1 ts Brown Sugar
           Salt to taste
  3 3/4 c  Water
           Oil for deep-frying
 
  Put all the ingredients except Oil in a large heavy pan. Bring to a
  boil then lower the heat, cover, and simmer for about an hour,
  stirring occasionally Remove the chicken and leave to cool. Heat the
  Oil in a deep fryer to 350 deg. Fry the chicken a few pieces at a
  time for 10 minutes. Drain on paper towels. Serve hot.
  
  From "The Encyclopedia of Asian Cooking" Indonesian section by Sri
  Owen
  
  * Available at Asian markets and in the Asian section of some
  supermarkets. If you can't find them don't worry, the recipe will
  still work OK.
  
  The Javanese seem to like their chicken pretty well done and chewy. I
  prefer mine a little more tender and fry it for a bit less than ten
  minutes. It has been a while since I made this, but I believe about
  seven minutes is enough for me. This chicken is delicious and also
  good cold. Make lots of it.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AYAM KACANG BUKITTINGGA (PEANUT CHICKEN)
 Categories: Sumatra, Chicken, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      1 md Onions, sliced (1/2 cup)
      2    Garlic cloves, sliced
    1/2    Piece fresh ginger, sliced
      4    Or 5 fresh, hot red chiles,
           -seeded, sliced
    1/8 ts Ground pepper
    1/8 ts Turmeric
      1 ts Salt or to taste
      2 c  Coconut milk
      1    Salam leaf
      1 sl Laos
      1    (3-pound) chicken, cut into
           -8 pieces, discard loose
           -skin and fat
    1/3 c  Dry roasted peanuts
 
  Process onion, garlic, ginger chile, pepper, turmeric, salt and 1/4
  cup coconut milk to a smooth paste.  Put the rest of the coconut milk
  in a pan with the spice paste and bring to a boil over moderate heat.
  Add salam, laos, chicken and peanuts and continue to cook, uncovered,
  over low heat for 30 to 40 minutes, basing frequently, until almost
  all the liquid has evaporated.  Serve warm.
  
  Serves 6.
  
  From the San Francisco Chronicle, 3/9/88.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; February 24 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AYAM MASAK ACEH (BUTTERFLY CORNISH GAME HEN)
 Categories: Sumatra, Poultry, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2    Cornish game hens, about 1
           -1/3 pounds each
      4    Shallots sliced
      2    Garlic cloves, sliced
      1 tb Ground coriander
      3    To 7 fresh hot red chiles,
           -seeded, sliced
    1/2    Piece fresh ginger, sliced
    1/4 ts Ground turmeric
           Salt to taste
      2 tb Lime juice
      2 c  Coconut milk
      2    Stalks lemon grass or 1
           -slice lemon
 
  Split open the game hens from the breast side and flatten them out
  into a butterfly shape.  Discard loose skin and fat. Broil the hens
  for 3 minutes on each side.
  
  Process the shallots, garlic, coriander, chile, ginger, turmeric,
  salt, lime juice and 1/2 cup of the coconut milk to a smooth sauce.
  Marinate the hens in the sauce for 15 minutes.
  
  Put the hens in a large skillet and cook over moderate heat for 10
  minutes uncovered.  Then add the remaining coconut milk and the lemon
  grass. Bring to a boil and cook for 30 minutes, basting occasionally,
  until the hens are tender and almost all the liquid has evaporated.
  
  Serve warm.
  
  Serves 4.
  
  San Francisco Chronicle, 3/9/88.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; February 24 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AYAM PANGGANG MESANTEN (GRILLED CHICKEN WITH
 Categories: Poultry, Main dish, Ethnic
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 lb Chicken
      1 ts Salt
      1 c  Oil
      1 ts Dried shrimp paste
      4    Shallots; chopped
      3    Garlic cloves, crushed
      3    Chilies, red, fresh
      2 tb Oil
  2 1/3 c  Coconut milk
      2    Bay leaves
      1    Lemon grass stalk
      1 tb Juice, lime
      1    Chilies, red, fresh
 
  Dried shrimp paste is also called terasi. Seed and shred the chilies.
  Crush lemon grass with side of cleaver.
  
  Cut chicken in half.  Wash and pat dry.  Rub with salt and oil. Grill
  over hot coals about 10-15 minutes each side, until done.
  
  Slice chicken into bite-sized pieces.  Wrap shrimp paste in foil and
  toast each side over moderate heat about 2 minutes. Pound shallots,
  garlic, chilies, and toasted shrimp paste into a paste. Heat oil in
  frying pan. Add paste and fry on moderate heat, stirring, for about
  4-5 minutes, or until dry, do not burn.
  
  Add coconut milk gradually, stirring after each addition. Add bay
  leaves and lemon grass.  Bring to a boil. Simmer 5 minutes to allow
  flavors to blend.
  
  Add lime juice.  Stir.  Add cooked chicken and reheat in sauce.
  Garnish with the shredded chilie.  Serve with rice and Sambal Ulek.
  
  Here is something that I remembered on my last trip to Padang and the
  Mentawai Islands.  I like those out of the way places..
  
  Posted on GEnie by V.BERGIN [Asian Fan], Mar 28, 1993 MM by Sylvia
  Steiger, GEnie THE.STEIGERS, CI$ 71511,2253, GT Cookbook echo
  moderator, net/node 004/005
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AYAM PETIS
 Categories: Chicken, Indonesian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      3 tb Oil
      1 lg Onion; sliced into rings
      1 md Chicken; cut up
      3    Garlic clove
      1 tb Shrimp paste
      2 ts Sambal oelek
    1/2 ts Turmeric
  1 3/4 c  Coconut milk (thin)
      1 ts Sugar, brown
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 lb Shrimp; peeled
      1 tb Coriander
 
  Dry the chicken.  Heat the oil in a wok, then stir fry the onion.  Add
  garlic, shrimp paste, sambal, turmeric, salt and pepper. Stir-fry a
  few seconds, then add the chicken.  Stirring constantly, add the
  coconut milk. Bring to a boil, then reduce and simmer gently for 30
  minutes.
  
  Remove the chicken, and leave sauce.  Boil until it thickens, then add
  sugar and lemon juice.  Add shrimp and cook for about 3-4 minutes...
  until cooked. Serve with chicken coverd in sauce and decorate with
  coriander.
                                   --- per Alobar
                                       Cooking Sig on ProStar BBS
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AYAM PETIS (INDONESIA)
 Categories: Indonesian, Chicken
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      3 tb Groundnut oil (or sunflower)
      1    Big onion sliced into rings
      1 md Chicken cut up
      3    Cloves garlic
      1 tb Shrimp paste
      2 ts Sambal Ulek (see separate
           -recipe)
    1/2 ts Tumeric
  1 3/4 c  Coconut milk (thin)
      1 ts Brown sugar
      2 tb Lemon juice
    1/4 lb Peeled shrimp
      1 tb Coriander
 
  1.  Dry the chicken.
  
  2.  Heat oil, stir fry the onion.
  
  3.  Add garlic, petis, sambal, tumeric, salt and pepper. Stir and
  then add chicken.
  
  4.  Stirring constantly, add the coconut milk.  Bring to a boil, then
  reduce and simmer gently for 30 minutes.
  
  5.  Remove chicken, and leave sauce.  Boil until it thickens. Then add
  sugar and lemon juice.
  
  6.  Add shrimp and cook for about 3-4 minutes... until cooked.
  
  7.  Present with chicken covered in sauce and decorate with coriander.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AYAM TAUCO (CHICKEN COOKED WITH SALTED YELLOW
 Categories: Indonesian, Chicken, Ceideburg 2
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      1 md Roasting chicken
      2    Onions
      4    Cloves garlic
      2 ts Dark soya sauce
      3 tb Tauco (salted yellow beans)
      1 ts Brown sugar
      1 ts Paprika (optional)
    1/2 ts Chilli powder
      1 ts Ground ginger
      2 tb Vegetable oil
    1/2 c  Tamarind water
      1 c  Water
 
  This recipe calls for 'tauco' which can be either salted black beans
  or salted yellow beans.  Either can be found in a Chinese market as
  salted black bean or salted yellow bean sauce. Or you can track down
  Indonesian salted yellow beans and smash 'em up yourself. Thai
  markets carry them.
  
  Cut the chicken into serving pieces; wash, and dry. Slice the onions.
  Pound the garlic and the tauco into a smooth paste.
  
  Fry the onions in the oil for half a minute.  Add the tauco, then the
  chicken.  Stir well, so that every part of the chicken is coated with
  tauco.  Put in the soya sauce and the rest of the ingredients. Cover,
  and simmer very gently for 45 minutes.  Then take the lid off, and
  cook for a further 5 minutes to reduce the sauce. Serve hot.
  
  Makes 4 servings.
  
  From "Indonesian Food and Cookery", Sri Owen, Prospect Books, London,
  1986." ISBN 0-907325-29-7.
  
  Posted by Stephen Ceideberg; March 1 1993.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AZAFRAN SOUP WITH SPINACH GREENS & YELLOW CORNMEAL DUMPLI
 Categories: Native amer, Soups
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
MMMMM-----------------YELLOW CORNMEAL DUMPLINGS----------------------
      1 c  Ground yellow cornmeal
    3/4 c  All purpose flour
      2 ts Baking powder
      1 ts Salt
      1 ts White pepper
  2 1/2 ts Sugar
      1 ts Unsalted butter, softened
      2 c  Chicken stock

MMMMM------------------------AZAFRAN SOUP-----------------------------
      6 c  Water
      2 tb Azafran (see note)
      1 ts Salt
    1/2 ts White pepper
      3 c  Chicken stock
      2    Yellow summer squash, diced
      3 c  Corn kernels
      1    Bunch spinach, washed and
           -stemmed
 
  To make the dumplings, combine the cornmeal, flour, baking powder,
  salt, pepper, and sugar together in a bowl.  Add the butter and milk
  and mix well to make a batter that is moist but not sticky.  If the
  dough is too moist, knead in a little more flour.  Divide the dough
  into 1" balls, flatten, and shape into small triangles.
  
  Pour the chicken stock into a pot and bring to a boil over medium
  heat. Reduce the heat to a simmer and drop in the dumplings.  Cook 3
  to 4 minutes, until tender and cooked all the way through.  Remove
  the dumplings from the stock and set aside.
  
  For the soup, heat 2 cups of the water and the azafran in a large
  saucepan over medium-high heat until the liquid has reduced by half,
  about 7 minutes.  Pour through a fine sieve, discard the azafran, and
  return the liquid to the saucepan.  Add salt, pepper, stock, and the
  remaining 4 cups of the water and bring to a boil over medium-high
  heat. Add squash, reduce the heat ans simmer 5 minutes.  Add cork
  kernels and simmer another 5 minutes.  Add dumplings and spinach,
  cook 2 minutes, and serve immediately.
  
  **Note**  Azafran, also called Native American saffron my the American
  Indians, is an herb that is actually fine threads from the stigma of
  the safflower plant.  Despite the name, azafran is not the same as
  saffron, which is an expensive spice derived from the crocus plant in
  the iris family.  (Saffron can be substituted for azafran, though:
  use 1 pinch of saffran for 2 tablespoons of azafran).
  
  Azafran is commonly sold in Latin American markets and specialty herb
  stores.  It can also be ordered by mail.  It is best stored in a cool
  dark place and will last several months in a sealed plastic or glass
  container.
  
  From "Native American Cooking," by Lois Ellen Frank
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AZERBAIJANI PILAF
 Categories: Grains, Ethnic
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      2 c  Rice
      3 c  Water or meat broth
      3 tb Cooking fat
      2 lb Broad beans
      2 tb Margarine
    1/2 c  Water
      1 ts Flour
      2 tb Lemon juice
      2    Bunches fresh dill
           Salt
 
  Melt margarine and put into saucepan with 1 1/2 cups water, flour,
  lemon juice and a little salt. Pare the skins of the broad beans. add
  to saucepan and cover and cook 30 minutes or until beans partially
  cooked. Heat 3 cups of meat broth or water and add to saucepan and
  bring to a boil. remove from heat and set aside.Place rice in a bowl
  with 2 tsp of salt and enough warm water to cover.set aside to cool.
  Drain and rinse and drain rice. Heat the fat in a sucepan and add
  rice and saute for 10 minutes, stirring constantly over hight heat.
  Add the broadbean mixture to the rice and cover and cook on high then
  reduce heat to moderate until rice absorbs the liquids. Chop dill and
  simmer rice a few minutes before adding dill.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AZIZA BENCHEKROUN'S FIVE-DAY PRESERVED LEMON
 Categories: Sauces, Fruits, Jams
      Yield: 1 Batch
 
      1    Recipe below
 
  Wolfert writes: "If you run out of preserved lemons, or decide on
  just a few day's notice to cook a chicken, lamb, or fish dish with
  lemons and olives and need preserved lemons in a hurry, you can use
  this quick five-day method taught to me by a Moroccan diplomat's
  wife. Lemons preserved this way will not keep, but are perfectly
  acceptable in an emergency."
  
  With a razor blade, make 8 fine 2" vertical incisions around the peel
  of each lemon to be used. (Do not cut deeper than the membrane that
  protects the pulp.) Place the incised lemons in a stainless-steel
  saucepan with plenty of salt and water to cover and boil until the
  peels become very soft.  Place in a clean jar, covered with cooled
  cooking liquor, and leave to pickle for approximately 5 days.
  
  From _Couscous and Other Good Food from Morocco_ by Paula Wolfert. New
  York: Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc., 1987. Pg. 32. ISBN
  0-06-091396-7. Posted by Cathy Harned.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AZTEC CORN SOUP
 Categories: Soups/stews, Mexico
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
MMMMM-------------------LISA CRAWLEY  TSPN00B------------------------
    1/4 c  Butter
  3 1/2 c  Fresh Corn; cut from cob
      1 cl Garlic; minced or pressed
      1 c  Chicken Stock
      2 c  Milk
      1 ts Oregano Leaves
      4 oz Cn Green Chilies; diced
      4 oz Jack Cheese; shredded
           Salt
      1 lg Tomato; cored and diced
    1/4 c  Fresh Cilantro; chopped
 
   in a 5-6qt pan, melt butter over med. heat. Add corn and garlic;
  cook, stirring, until corn is hot and darker golden in color (about 2
  min). Remove from heat. Whirl stock and 2 c of the corn mixture in a
  food processor or blender until smooth; add to remaining corn mixture
  in pan. Stir in milk, oregano and chilies; bring to a boil over med.
  heat stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in cheese.
   Season to taste with salt.  Garnish individual servings w/ tomato and
  cilantro. Makes 4-6 servings.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AZTEC ENCHILADAS
 Categories: Cheese/eggs, Mexican
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
      7    Eggs
      2 tb Skim milk
      1 tb Chicken stock
      1 c  Corn
    1/4 ts Chili powder
      4    Corn tortillas
      1    Sweet red pepper rings
      1    Parsley sprigs
 
  Beat the eggs, whisk in milk. Heat stock in large skillet and add the
  corn. Cook 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in the eggs and sprinkle with chili
  powder. Cook over low-medium heat, stirring occasionally, until the
  eggs are set. Place one-fourth of mixture on each tortilla. Serve
  garnished with pepper rings and parsley sprigs, if desired.
  
  From: The Lose Weight Naturally Cookbook Posted by: Sheila Exner
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AZTEC PUNCH *
 Categories: Alcohol, Punch, Beverages
      Yield: 20 Servings
 
MMMMM----------------------PATTI - VDRJ67A---------------------------
      2 qt Tequila
  2 1/2 qt Grapefruit juice
      1 qt Dark tea
  1 1/2 c  Lemon juice
    1/2 c  Sugar
      2 ts Cinnamon
 
  When making strong tea for punch, it is better to use more tea bags
  than to let the tea steep longer. When tea steeps for a long time, it
  acquires a tannic acidity that may conflict with the other
  ingredients. Mix all the ingredients together. Serve over ice.
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AZTEC PYRAMID AVOCADO DIP
 Categories: Appetizers, Dips, Fruits, Cheese, Vegetables
      Yield: 8 Servings
 
      3 ea Avocado; *
      2 tb Lemon Juice
      1 c  Cream Cheese; Softened
      2 c  Sour Cream
  1 1/3 oz Taco Seasoning Mix; 1 Pkg
      2 c  Cheddar; Sharp, Shredded
      3 c  Fresh Tomatoes; Fine Chopped
      5 ea Green Onions; Sliced,Use All
    1/2 c  Black Olives; Sliced
 
  *    Use 3 California Avocados (dark skinned type) that have been
  peeled
       and pitted.
  +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  ++++++++++++++++++ LAYER 1: (Bottom)  Mash the avocados and blend in
  the lemon juice, mixing well, and spread evenly in a bowl or on a
  serving plate to the edges of the dish. LAYER 2: Beat the cream
  cheese until smooth and creamy.  Blend in the sour cream, mixing
  well, and blend in the taco seasoning, blending well. Spread over the
  avocado layer. LAYER 3: Sprinkle the cheddar cheese over the cream
  cheese mixture. LAYER 4: Distribute the tomatoes over the cheddar
  cheese layer. LAYER 5: Spread the green onions over the tomato layer.
  LAYER 6: Top with the black olives. Serve at room temperature. Makes
  about 10 1/2 cups of dip. SUGGESTED DIPPERS: Tortilla Chips, Bell
  peppers, Lobster, Jicama
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AZTEC STUFFED MUSHROOMS
 Categories: Appetizers, Game
      Yield: 42 Servings
 
     42    Large mushrooms
      1 lb Ground venison
      1 c  Wheat tortilla bread crumbs
    1/2 c  Minced coriander
      2 tb Corn oil
           Salt and pepper to taste
 
  Remove stems form mushrooms and chop finely; reserve caps. Combine
  chopped stems and remaining ingredients in bowl; mix well. Stuff
  mixture into reserved mushromm caps. Place on baking sheet. Bake at
  350 degrees for 25 to 35 minutes or until heated through.
  
  Source: Great Recipes form Great Gardeners
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: AZZOR ROJOS
 Categories: Side dish, Mexican, Rice, Vegetarian
      Yield: 4 Servings
 
      2 tb Olive oil
      1 c  White rice
    1/2 c  Onions, chopped
      1 ea Garlic clove, minced
    1/2 ts Salt
    1/2 ts Cumin
           Chili powder, to taste
      2 lg Tomatoes, chopped
  1 1/2 c  Vegetable broth
    1/3 c  Peas, thawed if frozen
      2 tb Pimiento, chopped
           Red peppers, to garnish
 
  Heat oil in a wok over medium heat till hot.  Add rice. Cook & stir
  for 2 minutes or until the rice turns opaque. Add onion, cook & stir
  for 1 minute. Stir in garlic, salt, cumin & chili powder. Add
  tomatoes & cook, stirring for 2 minutes.  Stir in broth, bring to a
  boil over high heat. Reduce the heat to low. Cover & simmer 15
  minutes or until the rice is almost tender.
  
  Stir in peas and chopped pimiento.  Cover and cook 2-4 minutes until
  rice is tender and all liquid has been absorbed. Garnish with the red
  peppers if desired.
  
  Posted by Joell Abbott, Adapted Recipe
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: B & B
 Categories: Mixed, Drinks, Alcohol
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
    1/2 oz Benedictine
    1/2 oz Brandy
 
  Pour the Benedictine into a cordial glass. Carefully float the brandy
  on top by pouring it slowly over a teaspoon turned bottom-side up. Be
  careful not to let the ingredients mix.
  
  Recipe By     : Joe Robertson
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: B'STILA (MOROCCAN CHICKEN/NUT PIE)
 Categories: Appetizers, Moroccan
      Yield: 6 Servings
 
    1/2 lb Almond, blanched
           Oil
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
           Honey; to taste (opt)
      1 tb Ghi
    1/3 c  Butter
      1 md Onion; minced
    1/2    Chicken; boned & cubed small
    1/2 ts Pepper
      1 pn Saffron
    1/2 ts Cinnamon
    3/4 c  Parsley; minced
    1/4 c  Coriander; minced
           Salt; to taste
      2    Egg
      1 pk Filo sheets
    1/4 lb Butter; melted
 
  Brown almonds in a little oil until golden.  Chop coarsely or pound
  with a mortar and pestle.  Add 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and (optionally)
  honey or sugar to sweeten to taste (ANC adds none but cites recipes
  calling for up to 1/2 cup sugar--I favor a little honey as the
  contrast of the sweetness with the savory chicken is part of the
  exotic appeal of the dish). Set aside.
  
  Heat ghi and butter in a large heavy pot.  Add minced onion and saut
  for a few minutes.  Add chicken meat equivalent to about 1/2 chicken
  (e.g. two boneless breasts), cut in small pieces (as for a pot pie),
  along with pepper, saffron, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, parsley,
  coriander, and salt to taste.
  
  Simmer until the chicken is done.  Beat two eggs and slowly stir them
  into the sauce.  remove from heat.
  
  Have ready filo sheets, melted butter (at least 1/4 lb), and a pastry
  brush.  Select a shallow baking pan about 8" in diameter, such as an
  iron skillet.  What you basically want to do is construct a pie by
  layering the filo sheets in the pan and then folding them over the
  contents; it will probably be easiest if you cut the sheets in half
  or smaller, for instance into long rectangles about the width of the
  pan and twice as long. Brush one of the sheets with melted butter,
  and put it, butter side up, in the bottom of the pan, the excess
  dangling over the side. Add another sheet, at an angle to the first,
  and repeat so that you have filo covering the bottom of the pan and
  dangling out all around (this is hard to describe). Use about 5
  sheets to form this layer. Repeat the process, forming another layer.
  Now pour the chicken and sauce into the pan. Put several more
  buttered sheets on top of the chicken, this time not overlapping the
  edge--use smaller pieces or fold them in half. Spread the nut mixture
  on top of this.  Put another layer or so of filo, then fold the
  dangling ends over the top so as to close the envelope. (Your mileage
  may vary on the number and details of layering the sheets). Brush the
  top with butter. At this point the b'stila can be refrigerated if
  desired (this is time-consuming and you may wish to do all this the
  day before serving).
  
  Just before serving, put the pan in a 350-degree oven for 15-20
  minutes until the top is golden: flip it onto an oven-proof plate (or
  use an ordinary plate to flip it over back into the skillet) and
  return to brown the other side, 30-40 minutes total.  place on a
  serving platter, sprinkle with powdered sugar, then make fanciful
  decorative designs with ground cinnamon.  (When I had this in a
  restaurant it said something like "eat me.")
  
                           from the rec.food.recipes archives
 
MMMMM
 
MMMMM----- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.05
 
      Title: B-52
 Categories: Alcohol, Beverages, Mixed drink
      Yield: 1 Servings
 
      1 oz Bailey's Irish Cream
      1 oz Kahlua
      1 oz Grand Marnier
 
  Fill mixing glass with ice. Add Bailey's, Kahlua, and Grand Marnier.
  Shake. Strain into a rocks glass filled with ice.
  
  Recipe by: The Complete Bartender
 
MMMMM
 
